Uh-oh
Ohh, no, no, no, no (she said)
No, no, no, no
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more, oh
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Yeah, no, no, no

Face down in the brown grass
Shame shame on my brown ass
Birds in the trees as we run through
And if I'm dead to the world, what you gon' do?
What you gon' do? Like, "I can't remember"
Shots fired, rewind, please, girl, be mine
Email denied, talk to me baby
Before I go crazy, might do it maybe
We were so Jay Z, Beyonce, my aunt say "keep the sex game picante"
The Aunt May and Mary Jane that I was hitting on
To make me try and forget that there was something wrong
Love is Russian roulette, I had the safety on
We popped pills at the Coachella
Hold my head in the weeds, man I can't tell her
The fear that I feel man it might kill her
Man, it might kill her, it's the prep school mic killa'
With the drums and the groove so it feel Dilla
I don't care what he say
I'ma get my platinum back like I'm a half ton gorilla
You can hang with homie on the low
But your boy so weak like a week ago
But we ain't speaking though
We ain't speaking, we ain't speaking though

Tuesday afternoon, I ain't got shit to do
But fall in love with you (she said, she said, she said)
Tuesday afternoon, I ain't got shit to do
But fall in love with you (she said, she said, she said)
Love me better, kiss me back, Listen more oh (she said, she said, she said)
Love me better, kiss me back, listen -

The attitude
The attitude
And I hope you understand
And I hope you understand
We were never friends
And I hope you understand now
But I miss them
And I hope you understand
And I hope you understand
Oh no no no
And I hope you understand
And I hope you understand
And I hope you understand

(I hope you understand) I hope you understand
'Cause everywhere I go
Everything I see
I just hope you understandSpot a little hottie when I flipped out the shade
Lookin' like a red Rari sittin' in a driveway
Bottle of Cîroc with a hint of Kool-Aid
She done pulled up like I'm getting rid of weeds
Are you tired from running through my mind?
Take a break and we can have a good time
Show you moves like I'm the new James Brown
Me and you should get a room right now

'Cause if it's gold, I'll throw it away
You're worth more than every single chain
It ain't gon' work if you don't want it to
Best drink I take is when I'm sippin' you

You know where I go when we're dancing
Handshakes in The Hamptons and gettin' drunk in the mansions with you
And you look so classy, come through with that magic
You know that I'm 'bout to smash it, it's true

I can take you to the room or I can take you to the beach
But we gotta leave at 9 'cause I gotta get my sleep
You can be the early bird, I'ma give you that worm
Get with me, I'll take you 'round the world

'Cause if it's gold, I'll throw it away
You're worth more than every single chain
Walk with a limp, it just means I'm cool
Next trip I take, it's just me and you

You know where I go when we're dancing
Handshakes in The Hamptons and gettin' drunk in the mansions with you
And you look so classy, come through with that magic
You know that I'm 'bout to smash it, it's true

Lil Boat
You said you livin' up north when you comin' to the A
You said you need to find a crib, well, tell me where you wanna stay
I know we're not too pressed for time but can you pick up on the pace
I'm tired of looking at your pictures, wanna be up in your face
I wanna dance with you, I wanna laugh, I wanna sing
Take you on the road, have you rockin' on my bling
Don't know if you're the one, but if you are, you'll get a ring
That's later down the line, don't wanna rush these types of things
I'm a mama's boy so you gotta meet my mama first
As you whip the Coupe around, just use the seat belt first
New shoes, new clothes and a Chanel purse
Vacaying in The Hamptons got a lazy curse
Lil Boat

You know where I go when we're dancing
Handshakes in The Hamptons and gettin' drunk in the mansions with you
And you look so classy, come through with that magic
You know that I'm 'bout to smash it, it's trueOne summer, along about 1904, my father rented a camp on a lake in Maine and took us all there for the month of August. We all got ringworm from some kittens and had to rub Pond's Extract on our arms and legs night and morning, and my father rolled over in a canoe with all his clothes on; but outside of that the vacation was a success and from then on none of us ever thought there was any place in the world like that lake in Maine. We returned summer after summer--always on August 1st for one month. I have since become a salt-water man, but sometimes in summer there are days when the restlessness of the tides and the fearful cold of the sea water and the incessant wind which blows across the afternoon and into the evening make me wish for the placidity of a lake in the woods. A few weeks ago this feeling got so strong I bought myself a couple of bass hooks and a spinner and returned to the lake where we used to go, for a week's fishing and to revisit old haunts.
I took along my son, who had never had any fresh water up his nose and who had seen lily pads only from train windows. On the journey over to the lake I began to wonder what it would be like. I wondered how time would have marred this unique, this holy spot--the coves and streams, the hills that the sun set behind, the camps and the paths behind the camps. I was sure that the tarred road would have found it out and I wondered in what other ways it would be desolated. It is strange how much you can remember about places like that once you allow your mind to return into the grooves which lead back. You remember one thing, and that suddenly reminds you of another thing. I guess I remembered clearest of all the early mornings, when the lake was cool and motionless, remembered how the bedroom smelled of the lumber it was made of and of the wet woods whose scent entered through the screen. The partitions in the camp were thin and did not extend clear to the top of the rooms, and as I was always the first up I would dress softly so as not to wake the others, and sneak out into the sweet outdoors and start out in the canoe, keeping close along the shore in the long shadows of the pines. I remembered being very careful never to rub my paddle against the gunwale for fear of disturbing the stillness of the cathedral. The lake had never been what you would call a wild lake. There were cottages sprinkled around the shores, and it was in farming although the shores of the lake were quite heavily wooded. Some of the cottages were owned by nearby farmers, and you would live at the shore and eat your meals at the farmhouse. That's what our family did. But although it wasn't wild, it was a fairly large and undisturbed lake and there were places in it which, to a child at least, seemed infinitely remote and primeval.
I was right about the tar: it led to within half a mile of the shore But when I got back there, with my boy, and we settled into a camp near a farmhouse and into the kind of summertime I had known, I could tell that it was going to be pretty much the same as it had been before--I knew it, lying in bed the first morning, smelling the bedroom, and hearing the boy sneak quietly out and go off along the shore in a boat. I began to sustain the illusion that he was I, and therefore, by simple transposition, that I was my father. This sensation persisted, kept cropping up all the time we were  there. It was not an entirely new feeling, but in this setting it grew much stronger. I seemed to be living a dual existence. I would be in the middle of some simple act, I would be picking up a bait box or laying down a table fork, or I would be saying something, and suddenly it would be not I but my father who was saying the words or making the gesture. It gave me a creepy sensation.
We went fishing the first morning. I felt the same damp moss covering the worms in the bait can, and saw the dragonfly alight on the tip of my rod as it hovered a few inches from the surface of the water. It was the arrival of this fly that convinced me beyond any doubt that everything was as it always had been, that the years were a mirage and there had been no years. The small waves were the same, chucking the rowboat under the chin as we fished at anchor, and the boat was the same boat, the same color green and the ribs broken in the same places, and under the floor boards the same freshwater leavings and debris--the dead helgramite, the wisps of moss, the rusty discarded fishhook, the dried blood from yesterday's catch. We stared silently at the tips of our rods, at the dragonflies that came and wells. I lowered the tip of mine into the water, tentatively, pensively dislodging the fly, which darted two feet away, poised, darted two feet back, and came to rest again a little farther up the rod. There had been no years between the ducking of this dragonfly and the other one--the one that was part of memory. I looked at the boy, who was silently watching his fly, and it was my hands that held his rod, my eyes watching. I felt dizzy and didn't know which rod I was at the end of.
We caught two bass, hauling them in briskly as though they were mackerel, pulling them over the side of the boat in a businesslike manner without any landing net, and stunning them with a blow on the back of the head. When we got back for a swim before lunch, the lake was exactly where we had left it, the same number of inches from the dock, and there was only the merest suggestion of a breeze. This seemed an utterly enchanted sea, this lake you could leave to its own devices for a few hours and come back to, and find that it had not stirred, this constant and trustworthy body of water. In the shallows, the dark, water-soaked sticks and twigs, smooth and old, were undulating in clusters on the bottom against the clean ribbed sand, and the track of the mussel was plain. A school of minnows swam by, each minnow with its small,  individual shadow, doubling the attendance, so clear and sharp in the sunlight. Some of the other campers were in swimming, along the shore, one of them with a cake of soap, and the water felt thin and clear and insubstantial. Over the years there had been this person with the cake of soap, this cultist, and here he was. There had been no years.
Up to the farmhouse to dinner through the teeming, dusty field, the road under our sneakers was only a two-track road. The middle track was missing, the one with the marks of the hooves and the splotches of dried, flaky manure. There had always been three tracks to choose from in choosing which track to walk in; now the choice was narrowed down to two. For a moment I missed terribly the middle alternative. But the way led past the tennis court, and something about the way it lay there in the sun reassured me; the tape had loosened along the backline, the alleys were green with
plantains and other weeds, and the net (installed in June and removed in September) sagged in the dry noon, and the whole place steamed with midday heat and hunger and emptiness. There was a choice of pie for dessert, and one was blueberry and one
was apple, and the waitresses were the same country girls, there having been no passage of time, only the illusion of it as in a dropped curtain--the waitresses were still fifteen; their hair had been washed, that was the only difference--they had been to the movies and seen the pretty girls with the clean hair.
Summertime, oh summertime, pattern of life indelible, the fade proof lake, the woods unshatterable, the pasture with the sweet fern and the juniper forever and ever, summer without end; this was the background, and the life along the shore was the design, the cottages with their innocent and tranquil design, their tiny docks with the flagpole and the American flag floating against the white clouds in the blue sky, the little paths over the roots of the trees leading from camp to camp and the paths leading back to the outhouses and the can of lime for sprinkling, and at the souvenir counters at the store the miniature birch-bark canoes and the post cards that showed things looking a little better than they looked. This was the American family at play, escaping the city heat, wondering whether the newcomers at the camp at the head of the cove were "common" or "nice," wondering whether it was true that the people who drove up for Sunday dinner at the farmhouse were turned away because there wasn't enough chicken.
It seemed to me, as I kept remembering all this, that those times and those summers had been infinitely precious and worth saving. There had been jollity and peace and goodness. The arriving (at the beginning of August) had been so big a business in itself, at the railway station the farm wagon drawn up, the first smell of the pine-laden air, the first glimpse of the smiling farmer, and the great importance of the trunks and your father's enormous authority in such matters, and the feel of the wagon under you for the long ten-mile haul, and at the top of the last long hill catching the first view of the lake after eleven months of not seeing this cherished body of water. The shouts and cries of the other campers when they saw you, and the trunks to be unpacked, to give up their rich burden. (Arriving was less exciting nowadays, when you sneaked up in your car and parked it under a tree near the camp and took out the bags and in five minutes it was all over, no fuss, no loud wonderful fuss about trunks.)
Peace and goodness and jollity. The only thing that was wrong now, really, was the sound of the place, an unfamiliar nervous sound of the outboard motors. This was the note that jarred, the one thing that would sometimes break the illusion and set the years moving. In those other summertimes, all motors were inboard; and when they were at a little distance, the noise they made was a sedative, an ingredient of summer sleep. They were one-cylinder and two-cylinder engines, and some were make-and-break and some were jump-spark, but they all made a sleepy sound across the lake. The one-lungers throbbed and fluttered, and the twin-cylinder ones purred and purred, and that was a quiet sound too. But now the campers all had outboards. In the daytime, in the hot mornings, these motors made a petulant, irritable sound; at night, in the still evening when the afterglow lit the water, they whined about one's ears like mosquitoes. My boy loved our rented outboard, and his great desire was to achieve single-handed mastery over it, and authority, and he soon learned the trick of choking it a little (but not too much), and the adjustment of the needle valve. Watching him I would remember the things you could do with the old one-cylinder engine with the heavy flywheel, how you could have it eating out of your hand if you got really close to it spiritually. Motor boats in those days didn't have clutches, and you would make a landing by shutting off the motor at the proper time and coasting in with a dead rudder. But there was a way of reversing them, if you learned the trick, by cutting the switch and putting it on again exactly on the final dying revolution of the flywheel, so that it would kick back against compression and begin reversing. Approaching a dock in a strong following breeze, it was difficult to slow up sufficiently by the ordinary coasting method, and if a boy felt he had complete mastery over his motor, he was tempted to keep it running beyond its time and then reverse it a few feet from the dock. It took a cool nerve, because if you threw the switch a twentieth of a second too soon you would catch the flywheel when it still had speed enough to go up past center, and the boat would leap ahead, charging bull-fashion at the dock.
We had a good week at the camp. The bass were biting well and the sun shone endlessly, day after day. We would be tired at night and lie down in the accumulated heat of the little bedrooms after the long hot day and the breeze would stir almost imperceptibly outside and the smell of the swamp drift in through the rusty screens. Sleep would come easily and in the morning the red squirrel would be on the roof, tapping out his gay routine. I kept remembering everything, lying in bed in the mornings--the small steamboat that had a long rounded stern like the lip of a Ubangi, and how quietly she ran on the moonlight sails, when the older boys played their mandolins and the girls sang and we ate doughnuts dipped in sugar, and how sweet the music was on the water in the shining night, and what it had felt like to think about girls then. After breakfast we would go up to the store and the things were in the same place--the minnows in a bottle, the plugs and spinners disarranged and pawed over by the youngsters from the boys' camp, the fig newtons and the Beeman's gum. Outside, the road was tarred and cars stood in front of the store. Inside, all was just as it had always been, except there was more Coca Cola and not so much Moxie and root beer and birch beer and sarsaparilla. We would walk out with a bottle of pop apiece and sometimes the pop would backfire up our noses and hurt. We explored the streams, quietly, where the turtles slid off the sunny logs and dug their way into the soft bottom; and we lay on the town wharf and fed worms to the tame bass. Everywhere we went I had trouble making out which was I, the one walking at my side, the one walking in my pants.
One afternoon while we were there at that lake a thunderstorm came up. It was like the revival of an old melodrama that I had seen long ago with childish awe. The second-act climax of the drama of the electrical disturbance over a lake in America had not changed in any important respect. This was the big scene, still the big scene. The whole thing was so familiar, the first feeling of oppression and heat and a general air around camp of not wanting to go very far away. In mid-afternoon (it was all the same) a curious darkening of the sky, and a lull in everything that had made life tick; and then the way the boats suddenly swung the other way at their moorings with the coming of a breeze out of the new quarter, and the premonitory rumble. Then the kettle drum, then the snare, then the bass drum and cymbals, then crackling light against the dark, and the gods grinning and licking their chops in the hills. Afterward the calm, the rain steadily rustling in the calm lake, the return of light and hope and spirits, and the campers running out in joy and relief to go swimming in the rain, their bright cries perpetuating the deathless joke about how they were getting simply drenched, and the children screaming with delight at the new sensation of bathing in the rain, and the joke about getting drenched linking the generations in a strong indestructible chain. And the comedian who waded in carrying an umbrella. When the others went swimming my son said he was going in too. He pulled his dripping trunks from the line where they had hung all through the shower, and wrung them out. Languidly, and with no thought of going in, I watched him, his hard little body, skinny and bare, saw him wince slightly as he pulled up around his vitals the small, soggy, icy garment. As he buckled the swollen belt suddenly my groin felt the chill of death.How does a bastard, orphan, son of a whore
And a Scotsman, dropped in the middle of a forgotten spot
In the Caribbean by Providence, impoverished, in squalor
Grow up to be a hero and a scholar?
The ten-dollar Founding Father without a father
Got a lot farther
By workin' a lot harder
By bein' a lot smarter
By bein' a self-starter
By fourteen they had placed him in charge of the trade and charter
And every day while slaves were being slaughtered
And carted away across the waves
Our Hamilton kept his guard up
Inside he was longing for something to be a part of
The brother was ready to beg steal borrow or barter
Then a hurricane came and
Devastation reigned and
Our man saw his future drip drippin' down the drain
Put a pencil to his temple
Connected it to his brain
And he wrote his first refrain
A testament to his pain
Well the word got around, they said, "This kid is insane, man!"
Took up a collection just to send him to the mainland
Getcha education, don't forget from whence you came
And the world is gonna know your name!
What's your name, man?

Alexander Hamilton, his name is Alexander Hamilton
And there's a million things he hasn't done
But just you wait, just you wait

When he was 10, his father split
Full of it, debt-ridden
Two years later, see Alex and his mother, bed-ridden
Half-dead, sittin' in their own sick, the scent thick
And Alex got better but his mother went quick
Moved in with a cousin, the cousin committed suicide
Left him with nothin' but ruined pride
Somethin' new inside
A voice saying Alex, you gotta fend for yourself
He started retreatin' and readin' every treatise on the shelf
There would've been nothin' left to do
For someone less astute
He would've been dead or destitute
Without a cent of restitution
Started workin', clerkin' for his late mother's landlord
Tradin' sugar cane and rum and other things he can't afford
Scannin' for every book he can get his hands on
Plannin' for the future, see him now as he stands on
The bow of a ship headed for a new land
In New York you can be a new man
The ship is in the harbor now
See if you can spot him
Another immigrant comin' up from the bottom
His enemies destroyed his rep, America forgot him
And me? I'm the damn fool that shot him

Alexander Hamilton
We were waiting in the weeds for you
You could never back down
You always had to speak your mind
But Alexander Hamilton, we could never take your deeds from you
In our cowardice and our shame
We will try to destroy your name
The world will never be the same, Alexander!

Yeah, I'm the damn genius that shot himWhen I get older losing my hair
Many years from now
Will you still be sending me a valentine
Birthday greetings, bottle of wine?
If I'd been out till quarter to three
Would you lock the door
Will you still need me, will you still feed me
When I'm sixty-four?

You'll be older too
And if you say the word
I could stay with you

I could be handy mending a fuse
When your lights have gone
You can knit a sweater by the fireside
Sunday mornings go for a ride
Doing the garden, digging the weeds
Who could ask for more?
Will you still need me, will you still feed me
When I'm sixty-four?

Every summer we can rent a cottage
In the Isle of Wight, if it's not too dear
We shall scrimp and save
Grandchildren on your knee
Vera, Chuck, and Dave

Send me a postcard, drop me a line
Stating point of view
Indicate precisely what you mean to say
Yours sincerely, wasting away
Give me your answer, fill in a form
Mine for evermore
Will you still need me, will you still feed me
When I'm sixty-four?

Whoo!"Die nun folgenden Szenen zum Musikvideo von SSIO wurden vom Protagonisten zu Stimmjustierung durch Anabolika nachträglich synchronisiert. Postanabole Gehirnschädigungen sind verantwortlich für die zeitliche Verschiebung zwischen Mundbewegung und Sprache."
Es fehlt nur noch ein Wort, dann ist das Album fertig
Ich komm nicht drauf, da fehlt die...da fehlt die Pointe...
Da fehlt...da fehlt der Sinn des Lebens
Schlampe, Hure, Möse
Ah, warte ich hab's:
Nutte, Nutte, ja genau Nutte
Ja ich hab's, Nutte, Nutte
Amina Koyim ich muss das anders aussprechen:
Nuttööö
So genau! Ich hab's! Also Ich bin fert... warte noch, warte mal, ich glaub ich muss kotzen, nein nein doch nicht
Ok wir können aufnehmen

Nutte, ich bin der erste Rapper mit Inhalt und Message
Es geht um Drogen, Huren und immer um Mecces
Rapper machen Ansagen und Absagen
Mit Tracks, die klingen, wie schwanzblasende Balladen
Stoff ticken ist die Basis für Rap-Singles
Du kommst mit Punchlines, ich aus Maastricht mit Stecklinge
Plastiktüten mit Hanfblatt und Zippverschluss
Irgendwie macht man durch Straftaten immer Plus
Wen juckt deine Meinung, Hure?
Beschwerst dich wegen Style und Coolness, Reimstrukturen
Hab' zerknüllte Batzen statt goldener Mastercard
Bums deine Mami, weil heute ist Vatertag
(Hakim, was machst du in meinem Flugzeug? - Jeff, ich heiße Jeff!)
Fress' mich voll mit Aioli und Tapasschalen
Pflanz' mit Ragga-Paten ganze Grasplantagen
Ich hau' auf deine New Era-Cappy
Und du sagst: "Ich finde dein' Fuß lecker, Daddy!"

Ich piss' auf das Mic und die Mucke klingt fetter, als 90% der Hurensohnrapper
0,9 (S)
0,9 (S)
0,9 (I)
0,9 (O)
Ich piss' auf das Mic und bin trotzdem im Takt
Ihr Strichfotzen in Chucks mit Lipgloss für den Glanz
0,9 (S)
0,9 (S)
0,9 (I)
0,9 (O)

Tannenbusch, Nuttööö!
Kochende Crack-Betriebe
Goldene Kettenliebe, polnische Felgendiebe
V12-Maschinen auf Backsteinen geparkt
Stehst geschockt morgens auf mit Kackstreifen im Arsch
(Nuttensohn) Wo sind deine Tiefbettschlappen?
Weed-Packs handeln aus Eastpak-Taschen
Postfach immer voll, viele Briefumschläge
Du brauchst schon für 5-er Gras Finanzierungspläne
Dumme Huren wollen seelischen Beistand
Schon nach paar Takten putzen sie die Zähne mit meinem Schwanz
Bomben Ivory da, Erdbeerknollen
Dessen Wirkung dir locker den Nerv zertrommeln
Um 2 Uhr Nachts hörst du Haftschadenschreie
Wo du schon am Träumen bist von Mangagezeichne
Doch Pokémon ist im Vergleich zu Deutsch-Rap
Ein Gangstafilm, in dem man perlweißes Zeug streckt

Ich piss' auf das Mic und die Mucke klingt fetter, als 90% der Hurensohnrapper
0,9 (S)
0,9 (S)
0,9 (I)
0,9 (O)
Ich piss' auf das Mic und bin trotzdem im Takt
Ihr Strichfotzen in Chucks mit Lipgloss für den Glanz
0,9 (S)
0,9 (S)
0,9 (I)
0,9 (O)
"Ja, Ja, Ja, Ja, Ja
Ja, Ja, Ja - Hier 0,9 für dich"

Ich piss' auf das Mic und die Mucke klingt fetter, als 90% der Hurensohnrapper
0,9 (S)
0,9 (S)
0,9 (I)
0,9 (O)
Ich piss' auf das Mic und bin trotzdem im Takt
Ihr Strichfotzen in Chucks mit Lipgloss für den Glanz
0,9 (S)
0,9 (S)
0,9 (I)
0,9 (O)Ooooh

Dry dunes cater for jumping boys
From the nape of her neck he made his descent
They watched men hurl from rock to sea
Like sternum to button, lined lip pinches in between

Your foothills
Your warm

Iris swims quietly beside me
Oh, the weeds and larger leaves sway
And stretch themselves beneath
Blue dragonflies dart to and fro
I tie my life to your balloon and let it go

Your foothills
Your warm
OooohYou cocked back
You thought you had it planned, you thought you had your man
He saw you coming, he ran when you tried to blast that man
You missed him by inches, he sprinted
Some of his boys on the corner was who your bullets entered
Two of 'em pull through but one didn't, son's finished
You took the life of him
The part about it that's crazy, you was aight with him
Tight with him, why was he in the way?
Why was he standing next to the enemy that specific day?
His style never hollas loud, stays reclusive
Good dude, got that look like he always about to do shit
Side of his mouth toothpick, one eyebrow raised
Got into it with dude who still tried to live out his old wild out days
They never had no probs
Somehow they rubbed each other wrong like a bad massage
These two different personalities had to collide
Niggas could not aim and innocent niggas died
You ask why, 'cause of a

Accident murderer, act like you killed on purpose
Liars brag, you put work in
You ain't mean to murk him, your gun's a virgin
Streets are full of 'em, read the bulletin
Accident murderer
You just an accident murderer

We grew up doing graffiti, now hollow heads getting heated
Seated in foreign cars, constantly getting weeded
Proceeded to count profits, I know they got on binoculars
But fuck em all, we balling 'til they come lock us up
20 to life; I'm clubbing, blowing 20 tonight
We the mob, Bob Marley Marlin' all through the night
Addicted to wealth, never cold turkey to war
Snatch a TEC off the shelf, live forever; that's Insh'Allah
Memoirs of a rich nigga
Sweat suits, gold chains, old drug dealers
New Benz, chrome rims are for show, killer
You niggas accidental, shoppers in back of the limo
Pay your tithes, stay alive, can't be dodging my clique
Cut a check; I use your bitch for some bargaining chips
In a hole, sell your home, nigga go sell your soul
This forty-five in control, God forgives and I don't

Accident murderer, act like you killed on purpose
Liars brag, you put work in
You ain't mean to murk him, your gun's a virgin
Streets are full of 'em, read the bulletin
Accident murderer
You just an accident murderer

Accident murderer
Accident murderer, you just an accident murderer

Yo, for my nigga that got killed, got hit up
Vodka spills on the concrete, light a swisha, we miss ya
And for that girl who never made it home, shot in the dome
How they gon' kill that beautiful sister?
Violent adolescents, homicidal with weapons
Not a lot of knowledge inside of they minds, that I'm guessing
Tell me who you impressing
Shooters I knew them when they was babies, I used to test them
Make em throw up they hands, choke 'em out playing wrestling
Watch em grow to a man, I see them now they repping
But they cold-blooded, homie, wondering where the respect went
Can't play with these little niggas, gangsta little niggas
Can't hang with these little niggas, they're killing, they're reckless
Wish I could build with him, but will he change really?
Some real killers, I think of Wayne Perry
Think of my nigga Drawz, but you aren't a name to me
You ain't mean to kill him, it wasn't necessary

Accident murderer, act like you killed on purpose
Liars brag, you put work in
You ain't mean to murk him, your gun's a virgin
Streets are full of em, read the bulletin
Accident murderer
You just an accident murdererJ'ai besoin d'air, claquer la porte partir et jeter la clé
J'ai dit j'ai besoin d'air, couper mon phone et me barrer tout l'été
Je veux voir les visages briller et voir mes potos kiffer
L'odeur de la viande grillée, on est tous là pour kiffer

J'me suis déconnectée, j'ai laissé tous mes problèmes de côté
J'me suis déconnectée, j'me mettrai sur répondeur tout l'été
Et j'écouterai du Biggie, du 2Pac pour m'ambiancer
Posée au bord d'une piscine j'ferai la belle comme Beyoncé

Ne m'appelle pas, j'suis pas là (la la la la la la la)
J'désactive mes comptes
J'suis avec mes gars, j'suis sous l'soleil et j'me balade
Ne m'appelle pas, j'suis pas là (la la la la la la la)
J'désactive mes comptes j'suis avec ma mra, j'suis sous l'soleil et j'me balade

J'efface mon passé maudit
J'ai mis les bagages dans l'Audi
J'vis sous l'ciel gris de Paris
Mais j'veux la même vue qu'à Bali
Le quotidien m'a rendu aigri, donc j'démarre la caisse
Les vitres et les lunettes fumées, au feu rouge donne toujours une p'tite pièce
J'débranche Twitter, Facebook tout c'qui casse la tête
Dans l'sud de l'Espagne j'pars faire la sieste
Ne m'appelle pas, j'réponds plus
Un peu d'weed un peu d'thunes, j'suis frais j'me fais bronzer les plumes
J'coupe le son et l'image, fais un bisou au village
Dis leur que j'ai pris le large

J'me suis déconnectée, j'ai laissé tous mes problèmes de côté
J'me suis déconnectée, j'me mettrai sur répondeur tout l'été
Et j'écouterai du Biggie, du 2Pac pour m'ambiancer
Posée au bord d'une piscine j'ferai la belle comme Beyoncé

Ne m'appelle pas, j'suis pas là (la la la la la la la)
J'désactive mes comptes
J'suis avec mes gars, j'suis sous l'soleil et j'me balade
Ne m'appelle pas, j'suis pas là (la la la la la la la)
J'désactive mes comptes j'suis avec ma mra, j'suis sous l'soleil et j'me balade

Le téléphone fait que sonner, désolé j'suis pas là
Hé gros à mon hum tu vas parler, poto ma tête est malade
Hey aujourd'hui faut que j'me barre au soleil
J'me tire d'ici, j'vais kiffer hé hé

Ne m'appelle pas, j'suis pas là (la la la la la la la)
J'désactive mes comptes
J'suis avec mes gars, j'suis sous l'soleil et j'me balade
Ne m'appelle pas, j'suis pas là (la la la la la la la)
J'désactive mes comptes j'suis avec ma mra, j'suis sous l'soleil et j'me balade

La la la la la la la la la la(L'artiste baby)
J'suis pas là, j'suis pas là, j'suis pas làOne

Sweet communist, the communist daughter
Standing on the sea-weed water
Semen stains the mountain tops
Semen stains the mountain tops

With coca leaves along the border
Sweetness sings from every corner
Cars careening from the clouds
The bridges burst and twist around
And wanting something warm and moving
Bends towards herself, the soothing
Proves that she must still exist
She moves herself about her fist

Sweet communist, the communist daughter
Standing on the sea-weed water
Semen stains the mountain tops
Semen stains the mountain tops

Dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, deeああ、おはようございます。
今日は、チャーハンを作ります。
フライドライスをですね？
さて、はじめましょう！

Fried rice, fri-fri-fried rice bitch
You wanna play your cards with God and roll the dice, bitch
Weeding out the weak with agriculture education
Oh, you got me eating seeds and I ain't talking bout fellatio
I'm crazy, yo, got that technique stir fry chopstick asian flow
I ain't about the oven or the microwave grills
But I know a little bit about the culinary skills
Required, if you wanna roll with the frying pan
Gotta fry with the heart of a China man
Anybody got another method in the pantry can suck my dick
This shit tastes like vagina man
Now I ain't no Gordon Ramsay, but I make the best damn rice you pansies
A bitch like me came from Japan, see
Coin slot eyes gonna drop the panties
If you want a piece of this get in line, you piece of shit
They just keep coming back for more you'd think Jehovah's Witnesses
They call me the grain man, ancient ritual praying can
Help cook rice on a spiritual level for those willing and able to be the king of the table, heh
Have some of my grain and I ain't talking about the fucking headaches you get on the morning after Fridays
I throw this rice like bridesmaids

Stir fry, stir fry
Stir fry, stir fry
Stir fry (motherfucker), stir fry
Stir fry, stir fry
Chin Chin, Chin Chin
Chin Chin, Chin Chin
Chin Chin, Chin Chin*Television static*
*Eminem begins to snort cocaine*

Hello, boys and girls! Today we're gonna talk about father and daughter relationships. Do you have a daddy? I'll bet you do!
*Hailie opens the door*
*Eminem snorts cocaine*
Who's your daddy?
Daddy, what are you doing?

Ha-ha!
Okay then! Everybody, listen up!
I'm goin' to hell! Who's comin' with me?
Somebody, please help him!
I think my dad's gone crazy!

There's no mountain I can't climb
There's no tower too high, no plane that I can't learn how to fly
What do I gotta do to get through to you
To show you there ain't nothin' I can't take this chainsaw to?
(Rahhnnn!) Fuckin' brains, brawn and brass balls
I cut 'em off and got 'em pickled and bronzed in a glass jar
Inside of a hall, with my framed autographed sunglasses
With Elton John's name on my drag wall
I'm out the closet, I've been lyin' my ass off
All this time, me and Dre been fuckin' with hats off
(Suck it, Marshall!) So tell Laura and her husband to back off
'Fore I push this motherfuckin' button and blast off
And launch one of these Russians, and that's all
Blow every fuckin' thing except Afghanistan on the map off
When will it stop? When will I knock the crap off?
(*Knocking*) Hailie, tell 'em, baby! (My dad's lost it!)

There's really nothin' else to say, I, I can't explain it
I think my dad's gone crazy!
A little help from Hailie Jade, won't you tell 'em, maybe?
I think my dad's gone crazy!
There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me
I think my dad's gone crazy!
There's no one on Earth that can save me, not even Hailie
I think my dad's gone crazy! (Crazy)

It's like my mother always told me:
"Rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana and codeine and
Goddamn it, you little motherfucker
If you ain't got nothin' nice to say, then don't say nothin'!"
Uh… Fuck that shit, bitch!
Eat a motherfuckin' dick, chew on a prick
And lick a million motherfuckin' cocks per second
I'd rather put out a motherfuckin' gospel record
I'd rather be a pussy-whipped bitch
Eat pussy and have pussy lips glued to my face
With a clit ring in my nose, than quit bringin' my flows
Quit givin' me my ammo; can't you see why I'm so mean?
If y'all leave me alone this wouldn't be my M.O.
I wouldn't have to go eenee-meenee-meini-mo
Catch a homo by his toe, man, I don't know no more
Am I the only fuckin' one who's normal anymore? (Dad!)

There's really nothin' else to say, I, I can't explain it
I think my dad's gone crazy!
A little help from Hailie Jade, won't you tell 'em, maybe?
I think my dad's gone crazy!
There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me
I think my dad's gone crazy!
There's no one on Earth that can save me, not even Hailie
I think my dad's gone crazy! (Crazy)

My songs can make you cry, take you by surprise
At the same time, can make you dry your eyes
With the same rhyme, see, what you're seein'
Is a genius at work, which to me isn't work
So it's easy to misinterpret it at first, ‘cause when I speak
It's tongue-in-cheek, I'd yank my fuckin' teeth
Before I'd ever bite my tongue, I'd slice my gums
Get struck by fuckin' lightning twice at once
And die and come back as Vanilla Ice's son
And walk around the rest of my life spit on
And kicked and hit with shit every time I sung
Like R. Kelly as soon as "Bump and Grind" comes on
More pain inside of my brain, than the eyes of a little girl
Inside of a plane aimed at the World Trade
Standin' on Ronnie's grave, screamin' at the sky
'Til clouds gather; it's Clyde Mathers and Bonnie Jade
And that's pretty much the gist of it
Parents are pissed, but the kids love it
9 millimeter heaters stashed in two-seaters with meat cleavers
I don't blame you, I wouldn't let Hailie listen to me neither

There's really nothin' else to say, I, I can't explain it
I think my dad's gone crazy!
A little help from Hailie Jade, won't you tell 'em, maybe?
I think my dad's gone crazy!
There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me
I think my dad's gone crazy!
There's no one on Earth that can save me, not even Hailie
I think my dad's gone crazy! (Crazy)

Crazy
Ha-ha-ha-ha ha-ha-ha-ha
You're funny, Daddy!Swagg Man babey, c'est mon premier CDey
Y'en aura pas d'autre car je vais me suicidey
Swagg Man babey, c'est mon premier CDey
Y'en aura pas d'autre car je vais me suicidey

Tous mes Versacey, sont instagramey
Petit haineux, j'ey ce que tu n'auras jamey
Je roule en Bentley, je vais te jnouney
Mec tu n'auras jamey, ce que j'ey
Et j'finirey, chez Cyril Hanouney
Je suis tatouey de la tête aux crottes de ney
Je suis jnouney, je suis, je suis jnouney-ey
Je suis jnouney, je suis, je suis jnouney
J'ai-j'ai retrouvey, ma putain de Bentley
Complètement accidentey
J'vais cocaïney, j'vais m'ecstasyfiey
C'est décidey, je vais me décédey

Swagg Man babey, c'est mon premier CDey
Y'en aura pas d'autre car je vais me suicidey
Swagg Man babey, c'est mon premier CDey
Y'en aura pas d'autre car je vais me suicidey

Paris a gagney, dites aux émeutiey
Qu'ils peuvent me piétiney, sur les Champs-Elysey
Ils peuvent m'enterrey, ou bien m'incinérey
Ou bien cannibaley, moi j'préfère être crucifiey
Ton compte est créditey, le mien il est blindey
Je peux comptey, sur ma carte de retrey
Sois pas dégoutey, tu peux commentey
T'façon j'ai tout léguey (hein!) à  Swaggy Doggey
Swaggy Doggey, Swaggy, Swaggy Do... wouf
Swaggy Doggey, Swaggy, Swaggy Do... wouf
Maintenant j'ai trop de billey, avant j'étais paumey
Mais par Bill Gates, je me suis fait violey

Swagg Man babey, c'est mon premier CDey
Y'en aura pas d'autre car je vais me suicidey
Swagg Man babey, c'est mon premier CDey
Y'en aura pas d'autre car je vais me suicidey
Swagg Man babey, c'est mon premier CDey
Y'en aura pas d'autre car je vais me suicidey
Swagg Man babey, c'est mon premier CDey
Y'en aura pas d'autre car je vais me suicideyDear April
The only face in the crowd that I knew
Dear April
Are you watching this?
Are you watching him dance?
Dear April
We were safe for a while
We were safe as the years flew by
If you could take two strangers
Leaning left and right
At a certain place and time
Like you took these strangers
And our two strange lives
And made us new
And took us through
And woke us up
I believe that no matter what
It can make us new
Take us through it
And wake us up again
What we had won't be the same now
But you will make something new
And it'll take you through this
If you can take two strangers
Leaning left and right
At a certain place and time
Like you took these strangers
And our two strange lives
And made us new
And took us through
And woke us up
I believe no matter what
Take us through it
And wake us up again
And what we had can't be the same now
But you will make something
And it'll take you through
It'll wake you up again
Just like you made me new (You made me new)
Just like you took me through (Took me through)
Just like you woke me up (Woke me up, yeah)
You made me new
You took me through
You woke me up (Woke me up)
Dear April
Are you watching him dance?
Dear April
Are you watching him dance?"You’re not free with your Cadillac! You’re doing just exactly what the Man wants you to do: Buy his goods, so you’ll never have any real economic freedom. He wants you to buy everything he advertises on TV, so he’ll keep you perpetually owing your soul to the company store. You’re not free, you’re a slave—!"

Gimme no drugs, lend me some love
Tonight, while I'm in this club
Lonely as fuck, with my thugs
And we looking for that buzz
Gimme no drugs, lend me some love
Tonight, while I'm in this club
Lonely as fuck, with my thugs
And we looking for that buzz

What's with these superficial people from my past?
Dancin' 'round the fact that I did everything the motherfuckers bet against
They be like, "Gather 'round, place your bets!
This young man won't ever be shit!"
Well my bad, I guess I just pursued this shit
While you chose to settle down to have some kids
I mean, it's okay to fall in line, just don't look back
That's a long ass line that I'm not in
I just never found the time, or had the chance
Truth is, you can kiss my ass
Never been the one to bow down
Never been the one to air out any situation, but right now
When it's all your fault, I'm here now

Gimme no drugs, lend me some love
Tonight, while I'm in this club
Lonely as fuck, with my thugs
And we looking for that buzz
Gimme no drugs, lend me some love
Tonight, while I'm in this club
Lonely as fuck, with my thugs
And we looking for that buzz

Don't talk back, don't talk back, boy, don't
Don't talk back, don't talk back, boy, don't
Don't talk back, don't talk back, boy, don't
Don't talk back, don't talk back, boy, don't

Thrift like a five hundred discount
I move it, I move it like Madagascar
Flip it like eight ball to inside of nose, it get raw
Bloody leaf color like fall
When you were calling, they said I'll be nothing
Well, suck on my dick and then lick on my balls
They try to pin me down, they try to bind me
And they try to kill me like Anna Nicole
Th—th—they want to boot up my car
Pussy boy like booty call
Money quick like auctioneer
Look what we did in a year
You need a neutral career
I hate on myself when I look in the mirror
Piddling voices all up in my ear
Why do I care how I look?
Why do I care what they say?
I do not care what they say! (Rrrah!)

Nowadays, everybody wanna talk (niggas talk too much!)
They forgot how to listen (listen!)
'Til the prophets arisen
We mix New Edition with nuclear fission
I don't do auditions, I don't ask permission
Ain't no politician, don't ask my opinion
You got an addiction to what ain't your business
Make the admission, I make like magicians and hit my Houdini
Why they so soft like linguine? I murder this music routinely
I know that you see me, don't see you searching the meaning
I think that’s why you won't believe and the future is leaning
Revolutions started streaming
The reason why you see me beaming
I'm dreaming of making moves like the government
You better think about who you fucking with, get back!

Don't talk back, don't talk back, boy, don't
Don't talk back, don't talk back, boy, don't
Don't talk back, don't talk back, boy, don't
Don't talk back, don't talk back, boy, don't

(Freak, ah, ah) Oh, your love
Won't you come this close to me?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Be with me now that you're free (Free, free)
Oh yeah (Yeah)
Won't you come this close to me, baby?
Baby, yeah (Yeah)

And if I could erase who you thought I was
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
And if I could erase who you thought I was
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ahWoah, woah, ehh

I left my girl back home
I don't love her no more
And she'll never fucking know that
These fucking eyes that I'm staring at
Let me see that ass
Look at all this cash
And I emptied out my cards too
Now I'm fucking leaning on that

Bring your love, baby, I could bring my shame
Bring the drugs, baby, I could bring my pain
I got my heart right here
I got my scars right here
Bring the cups, baby, I could bring the drank
Bring your body, baby, I could bring you fame
And that's my motherfucking words too
Just let me motherfucking love you

Listen, ma, I'll give you all I got
Get me off of this, I need confidence in myself (Yeah, yeah, yeah, ohh, yeah)
Ohh, listen, ma, I'll give you all of me
Give me all of it, I need all of it to myself (Woah, woah)
So tell me you love me
(Only for tonight, only for the night)
Even though you don't love me (Ohh, ohh)
Just tell me you love me
(I'll give you what I need, I'll give you all of me)
Even though you don't love me (Ohh, ohh) (yeah, yeah) (yeah, yeah)

Let me see you dance
I love to watch you dance
Take you down another level
And get you dancing with the Devil
Take a shot of this
But I'm warning you
I'm on that shit that you can't smell, baby
So, put down your perfume

Bring your love, baby, I could bring my shame
Bring the drugs, baby, I could bring my pain
Oh, I got my heart right here
Oh, I got my scars right here
Bring the cups, baby, I could bring the drank
Bring your body, baby, I could bring you fame
And that's my motherfucking words too, ayy
So let me motherfucking love you

Listen, ma, I'll give you all I got
Get me off of this (off of this), I need confidence (confidence)  in myself (Ooh, eh, ehh)
Listen, ma, I'll give you all of me (Ooh)
Give me all of it, I need all of it to myself (I need all of it)
So tell me you love me, yeah
(Only for tonight, only for the night)
Even though you don't love me (Ohh, ohh)
Just tell me you love me
(I'll give you what I need, I'll give you all of me)
Even though you don't love me (Ohh, ohh)
OhhI don't wanna be alone, I don't wanna be
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness anymore
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)

Here I am, alone again
Can't get out of this hole I'm in
It's like the walls are closin' in
You can't help me, no one can
I can feel these curtains closin'
I go to open 'em
But something pulls 'em closed again
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)
Feels like I'm loathing in Las Vegas
Haven't got the vaguest why I'm so lost
But I'd make you this small wager
If I bet you I'll be in tomorrow's paper
Who would the odds favor?
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)
I'm so much like my father, you would think that I knew him
I keep pacin' this room, Valium, then chase it with booze
One little taste, it'll do
Maybe I'll take it and snooze, then tear up the stage in a few
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)
Fuck the Colt 45, I'ma need somethin' stronger
If I pop any caps, it better be off of vodka
Round after round after round, I'm gettin' loaded (Haha)
That's a lot of shots, huh? (Double entendre)
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)

And I don't wanna be alone in the darkness (Yeah)
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness anymore
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)

Now I'm starin' at the room service menu off a benzo
I can hear the music continue to crescendo
I can see the whole fuckin' venue from my window
That's when you know you're schizo (Hello, darkness, my old friend)
'Cause I keep peekin' out the curtain from the hotel
The music is so loud
But it's almost as though I don't hear no sound
I should get ready for the show now
Wait, is this the whole crowd? I thought this shit was sold out
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)
But it's only the opening act, it's early, don't overreact
Then something told me relax
And just hope for the show to be packed
Don't wanna hit the stage before they fill each row to the max
'Cause that'd be totally wack
You can't murder a show nobody's at (Hello darkness, my old friend)
But what if nobody shows? Panic mode
'Bout to snap and go motherfuckin' wacko at any second
'Bout to cancel the show just as fans below rush the entrance
Plan is a go to wreck shit, cameras in all directions (Hello, darkness, my old friend)
The press is 'bout to go ape shit, bananas on all the networks
Commando with extra clips, I got ammo for all the hecklers
I'm armed to the teeth, another Valium, fall off the bed
Hit the ground and crawl to the dresser
Alcohol on my breath as I reach for the scope
I'm blackin' out, I'm all out of meds
With them benzodiazepines gone
Now it's just magazines sprawled out on the floor
Fuck the media, I'm goin' all out, this is war
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)

And I don't wanna be alone in the darkness (Yeah)
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness anymore (Hello, darkness, my old friend)

People start to show up, time to start the show up
It's 10:05 PM and the curtain starts to go up
And I'm already sweatin', but I'm locked and loaded
For rapid fire spittin' for all the concert-goers
Scopes for sniper vision, surprise from out of nowhere
As I slide the clip in from inside the hotel
Leanin' out the window, going Keyser Söze
Finger on the trigger, but I'm a licensed owner
With no prior convictions, so law says sky's the limit
So my supply's infinite, strapped like I'm a soldier
Got 'em hopping over walls and climbing fences
Some of them John Travolta, staying alive by inches
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)
Cops are knockin', oh fuck, thought I blocked the entrance
Guess show time is over
No suicide note, just a note for target distance
But if you'd like to know the reason why I did this
You'll never find a motive, truth is I have no idea
I am just as stumped, no signs of mental illness
Just tryin' to show ya the reason why we're so fucked
'Cause by the time it's over, won't make the slightest difference
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)

And I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness anymore
(Hello, darkness, my old friend)

Yeah, we do have some breaking news from the Associated Press right now
Just gonna bring that up because we are hearing—
We have told you that the shooter is dead
And we have just learned that police are saying that the Las Vegas shooter killed himself
That is the bartender there at Mandalay Bay and I believe we're going to hear more from her
Yeah, we just wanted to share that with you
You can see behind me here, this is what he looks like
Now we did just tell you that police just earlier...
Metro was telling us that he killed himself inside the hotel room
Good morning, as we come to you on the air
We bring you breaking news, a school shooting (Crushing news)
Another school shooting (Eleven people dead)
Reports of a number of fatalities, and this time it is in Santa Fe, Texas
That is just outside Galveston (That no one saw coming)
A mass shooting a Southern Californian school (A suspect has been...)
We are following breaking news this morning
Another deadly school shooting
This one in Santa Fe, Texas, that's just outside Houston
Twenty-six killed and twenty others wounded (Houston affiliate is reporting)
At least nine people have been killed (Somber words, making it the deadliest shooting in Texas history)
Five people dead
The attacker opening fire outside the church during a morning worship session
He unloaded the chaotic and terror, making his way inside (Five people killed in a workplace shooting, dozens of officers)
This, a deadly shooting at a food festival in Northern California
Three people so far dead
Breaking news (Fifteen wounded)
A deadly shooting at a newspaper office in Annapolis (A gunman opened fire)
Newly-released surveillance video shows the moments leading up to a mass shooting in Dayton, Ohio
Authorities say the shooter...Ha, yeah

They say that all your old girls got somebody new
I said, "Damn, really? Even Rosemary? Even Leann Sealy?"
They said, "Fucking right, they were the first to go"
It's nothing personal
It's just that all them women that you slept on been working though
They've been saving up, new niggas came around, they been waking up
With "I swear, you don't know this city anymore
They might have loved you before
But you're out here doing your thing, they don't know you"
Ah, sure they do, they just not as sincere
It's crazy all the emotions forgot in a year
She like, "Why you even give a fuck, you not even here?"
Well, out there there ain't nothing for me and I think I need to come home

Tell me, who did I leave behind?
You think it got to me, I can just read your mind
You think I'm so caught up in where I am right now
Uh, but believe I remember it all

I be with my nigga Chubbs, he in love with street shit
No wonder why I feel awkward at this Fashion Week shit
No wonder why I keep fucking up the double-cheek kiss
And long for that ignorant Young Money Miami Beach shit
Couple artists got words for me, that's never fun
They say it's on when they see me, that day don't ever come
I'm never scared, they never real, I never run
When all is said and done, more is always said than done
And I was told once, things will change
By a nigga named Tip when my deal came
Told me it's all good, even when it feel strange
Now I'm that guy that know them strippers by their real names
Rochelle, Jordan
Thick bitches, they just talked me out of four grand
How'd a pile of kush become a mountain of truth?
How'd a bottle of wine become the fountain of youth?
Damn, my biggest fear is losing it all
Remember how I used to feel at the start of it
And now I'm living a muhfucking fairy tale
And still trying to keep you feeling a part of it
Yeah, just lie to my ears
Tell me it feel the same, that's all I've been dying to hear
Lights get low and that's when I have my brightest ideas
And I heard my city feel better than ever, that's why I gotta come home

Tell me, who did I leave behind?
You think it got to me, I can just read your mind
You think I'm so caught up in where I am right now
Uh, but believe I remember it all

My mother is back to who she was years ago
It's like a new page me and her are beginning on
I wish she'd stop checking up on women I can't stand
'Cause I got new girls I could use her opinion on
She thinks I've become a slave to the wealth
But I'd never break the promises I made to myself
And I would never make up names for myself
Then change the names that I just gave to myself
Certain rappers would call me to say "What up, though?"
I used to brag about it to my friends
And now I'm feeling like all of these niggas cutthroat
And maybe that's all they do is just pretend
Damn, but I bought it though, I believed it
Yeah, I thought it and I achieved it
Yeah, so show me love, show me fuckin' love
'Cause I thought it was all I needed
Yeah, clearly I was wrong about it all along
And this'll be the year that I won't even feel shit
They trip off the amount of people that I brought along
But I'm just trying to be surrounded by some real shit
Need credentials for every one of these Toronto kids
I promised they'd see it with me, we just trying to live
I told 'em we about to get it and we finally did
Listen closely to my shit, I swear it's sounding like home

Tell me, who did I leave behind?
You think it got to me, I can just read your mind
You think I'm so caught up in where I am right now
Uh, but believe I remember it all

Well, you see, the way I feel about the music, it can be copied, you know?
But, it’s not copy do it, it’s the feel, you know? It carry a feel
Well, you ask plenty musicians – them know it, but them can't do it
Some people still searching for this truth hereI miss my cocoa butter kisses, hope you smile when you listen
Ain't no competition, just competin' for attention
And you like, "I'm not on no games"
Well, baby, I been peepin', and you ain't been the same
Like, who been on your mind? Who got your time?
Who you been vibin' with and why I can't make you mine?
You used to be texting me, checking me, calling me your slime
And now you treat me like my worth less than a dime

And if we paint a perfect picture, we can make it last forever
And you the only one I want to wear my orange sweater
I told you I am down for the worse or the better
But I keep sticking to you 'cause them four stupid letters
You got me singing love songs (Love songs, love songs)
You got me singing love songs (Love songs, love songs)
You got me singing love songs (Love songs, love songs)
You got me singing love songs (Love songs, love songs)

You got me singing love songs
Oh, this the type of song you tip on four fours and pour up song
Yeah, that make you fall in love song
That "Hey, bighead, what you on?" Make you hit me up song
Double cupped, but bae, I'm leaning on you
You been playing games, I'm tryna make you my boo
I don't duck no action, you bust one and I bust two
Pills of satisfaction, I take the red, you pop the blue

And if we paint a perfect picture, we can make it last forever
And you the only one I want to wear my orange sweater
I told you I am down for the worse or the better
But I keep sticking to you 'cause them four stupid letters
You got me singing love songs (Love songs, love songs)
You got me singing love songs (Love songs, love songs)
You got me singing love songs (Love songs, love songs)
You got me singing love songs (Love songs, love songs)Macaroni time
She say she like my car, Forgis ride
Seen me with tha stars, now she wanna know me now
Unh-unh 'cause I told her now I'm actin' phony now
Buck buck for nigga think it's macaroni time

She say she like my car and she like how my Forgis ride
She seen me with them stars now she wanna know me now
Unh-unh 'cause I'm Tony now I'm actin' phony now
Buck buck for a nigga think it's macaroni time
Couple bucks for these bitches, let me slap them on they ass
Tough luck for these niggas think they next I'm on they ass
So what I walk in court smelling like packs? I got them bands
Glo' boys that's what almighty Sosa got them sayin'

She wanna be a Glory Girl, but she don't like my Glory Guys
I know this bitch a thot, she wanna meet my momma now
But unh-unh I gotta QP of earth rolling, let's get high
Light it up, I guarantee that she will touch the sky
He say he gettin' money but I know that's a lie
I see ones and fives in your bankroll right now
But unh-unh you ain't flexin' boy you need some exercise
You cuttin' up you need some GBE lessons now
I hear these niggas flexin' sayin' they know the Glory Gang
How you know us if we don't know your name?
Unh-unh just bought a pint I'm leanin right now
Dumb fuck just popped a flat, I'm beamin' right now
Unh-unh I feel like catchin' a homie right now
No love, I see a opp I'm droppin' him right now
She let me fuck then I'm droppin her' right now
I'ma hop up in my 'Rari top, I'm dropping it right now

She say she like my car and she like how my Forgis ride
She seen me with them stars now she wanna know me now
Unh-unh 'cause I'm Tony now I'm actin' phony now
Buck buck for a nigga think it's macaroni time
Couple bucks for these bitches, let me slap them on they ass
Tough luck for these niggas think they next I'm on they ass
So what I walk in court smelling like packs? I got them bands
Glo' boys that's what almighty Sosa got them sayin'Pull up on your block, then I bleed it
Cállate, Mike Crook
Blueface, baby
Yeah aight
Pull up on your block, then I bleed it

Pull up on your block, then I bleed it (Bleed it)
Slidin', if I don't drop somethin', I can't leave it (I can't leave it)
Wock' got me poured, but this TEC got him leanin' (Got him leanin')
Never let the beef get cold, where's the meetin'?
(Where's the meetin'?)
Pull up on your block, then I bleed it (Bleed it)
Slidin', if I don't drop somethin', I can't leave it (I can't leave it)
Wock' got me poured, but this TEC got him leanin' (Got him leanin')
Never let the beef get cold, where's the meetin'? (Where's the meetin'?)

Fuck a handgun, bitch, I brought a MAC in (MAC in)
Gotta keep a technical in case a nigga hackin' (Hackin')
Glock with a dick on my lap, I'm in traffic (Traffic)
My pistol bloated, ready to unload it ('Load it)
Pop up least expected, like a notice (Notice)
Famous Crip, everywhere I go, people notice
I started to notice, you gotta watch the people closest (Closest)
Dozin' off in this Benz 'cause I can afford not to focus
Glock make 'em disappear, hocus pocus (Hocus pocus)
I work too hard, bitch, I'm never lackin' (Never lackin')
I tote pistols, you niggas typin' all captions (Yeah aight)
I'm really poppin', you niggas need to stop cappin' (Stop cappin')

Pull up on your block, then I bleed it (Bleed it)
Slidin', if I don't drop somethin', I can't leave it (I can't leave it)
Wock' got me poured, but this TEC got him leanin' (Got him leanin')
Never let the beef get cold, where's the meetin'?
(Where's the meetin'?)
Pull up on your block, then I bleed it (Bleed it)
Slidin', if I don't drop somethin', I can't leave it (I can't leave it)
Wock' got me poured, but this TEC got him leanin' (Got him leanin')
Never let the beef get cold, where's the meetin'? (Where's the meetin'?)

Pull up on your block, then I bleed it (Bleed it)
Slidin', if I don't drop somethin', I can't leave it (I can't leave it)
I don't get mad, dumb nigga, I get even (I get even)
You've been rappin', I just do this on the weekend (On the weekend)
They don't wanna believe it, so I had to repeat it (Repeat it)
They envy me, I'm MVP, this is my season
Creepin' in the Jeep, turn this bitch to Jeepers Creepers
(Jeepers Creepers)
Treat my bitch like a pistol, no such thing as keepers
These bitches throwaways, bust once, then I throw away
(Yeah aight)
I'm a fly Crip, baby, I don't know no other way (Scoop)
Ah-ha-ha (Bop)
On Schoolyard, bitch, yeah aight

Pull up on your block, then I bleed it (Bleed it)
Slidin', if I don't drop somethin', I can't leave it (I can't leave it)
Wock' got me poured, but this TEC got him leanin' (Got him leanin')
Never let the beef get cold, where's the meetin'?
(Where's the meetin'?)
Pull up on your block, then I bleed it (Bleed it)
Slidin', if I don't drop somethin', I can't leave it (I can't leave it)
Wock' got me poured, but this TEC got him leanin' (Got him leanin')
Never let the beef get cold, where's the meetin'? (Where's the meetin'?)Da-da, da-da
Yo, I can't sing, but
I feel like singing
I wanna fuckin' sing
‘Cause I'm happy
Yeah, I'm happy
I got my baby back
Yo, check it out

Some days I sit starin' out the window
Watchin' this world pass me by
Sometimes I think there's nothin' to live for
I almost break down and cry
Sometimes I think I'm crazy, I'm crazy, oh, so crazy
Why am I here? Am I just wastin' my time?
But then I see my baby, suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes, oh, no

‘Cause sometimes (Fuck) it feels like (I was scared) the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
‘Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me

My baby girl keeps gettin' older
I watch her grow up with pride
People make jokes ‘cause they don't understand me
They just don't see my real side
I act like shit don't faze me, inside it drives me crazy
My insecurities could eat me alive
But then I see my baby, suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes, oh, no

‘Cause sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
‘Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me

Man, if I could sing, I'd keep singin' this song to my daughter
If I could hit the notes, I'd blow somethin' as long as my father
To show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got her
God, I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mom didn't *reh tnaw*
Now, you probably get this picture from my public persona
That I'm a pistol-packin' drug addict who bags on his momma
But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest
‘Cause there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside of my soul
And just know that I grow colder the older I grow
This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold
And this load is like the weight of the world and I think my neck is breakin'
Should I just give up or try to live up to these expectations?
Now look, I love my daughter more than life in itself
But I got a wife that's determined to make my life livin' hell
But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt
So many chances, man, it's too bad, coulda had someone else
But the years that I've wasted is nothin' to the tears that I've tasted
So here's what I'm facin': three felonies, six years of probation
I've went to jail for this woman, I've been to bat for this woman
I've taken bats to people's backs, bent over backwards for this woman
Man, I shoulda seen it comin', what'd I stick my penis up in?
Wouldn't have ripped the prenup up if I'da seen what she was fuckin'
But fuck it, it's over, there's no more reason to cry no more
I got my baby, maybe, the only lady that I adore
Hailie! So sayonara, try tomorrow, nice to know ya
Our baby's traveled back to the arms of her rightful owner
And suddenly it seems like my shoulder blades have just shifted
It's like the greatest gift you can get, the weight has been lifted, and—

Now it don't feel like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
‘Cause my baby knows that her daddy's a soldier
Nothin' can take her from me

Wooo! Told you I can't sing
Oh, well—I tried
Hailie, 'member when I said
If you ever need anything, Daddy would be right there?
Guess what—Daddy's here
And I ain't goin' nowhere, baby
I love you (​​*smooch*)​​It was a dark day in Dallas, November '63
A day that will live on in infamy
President Kennedy was a-ridin' high
Good day to be livin' and a good day to die
Being led to the slaughter like a sacrificial lamb
He said, "Wait a minute, boys, you know who I am?"
"Of course we do, we know who you are"
Then they blew off his head while he was still in the car
Shot down like a dog in broad daylight
Was a matter of timing and the timing was right
You got unpaid debts, we've come to collect
We're gonna kill you with hatred, without any respect
We'll mock you and shock you and we'll put it in your face
We've already got someone here to take your place
The day they blew out the brains of the king
Thousands were watching, no one saw a thing
It happened so quickly, so quick, by surprise
Right there in front of everyone's eyes
Greatest magic trick ever under the sun
Perfectly executed, skillfully done
Wolfman, oh Wolfman, oh Wolfman, howl
Rub-a-dub-dub, it's a murder most foul

Hush, little children, you'll understand
The Beatles are comin', they're gonna hold your hand
Slide down the banister, go get your coat
Ferry 'cross the Mersey and go for the throat
There's three bums comin' all dressed in rags
Pick up the pieces and lower the flags
I'm goin' to Woodstock, it's the Aquarian Age
Then I'll go over to Altamont and sit near the stage
Put your head out the window, let the good times roll
There's a party going on behind the Grassy Knoll
Stack up the bricks, pour the cement
Don't say Dallas don't love you, Mr. President
Put your foot in the tank and then step on the gas
Try to make it to the triple underpass
Blackface singer, whiteface clown
Better not show your faces after the sun goes down
Up in the red light district, they've got cop on the beat
Living in a nightmare on Elm Street
When you're down on Deep Ellum, put your money in your shoe
Don't ask what your country can do for you
Cash on the barrelhead, money to burn
Dealey Plaza, make a left-hand turn
I'm going down to the crossroads, gonna flag a ride
The place where faith, hope, and charity died
Shoot him while he runs, boy, shoot him while you can
See if you can shoot the invisible man
Goodbye, Charlie, goodbye, Uncle Sam
Frankly, Miss Scarlett, I don't give a damn
What is the truth, and where did it go?
Ask Oswald and Ruby, they oughta know
"Shut your mouth," said a wise old owl
Business is business, and it's a murder most foul

Tommy, can you hear me? I'm the Acid Queen
I'm riding in a long, black Lincoln limousine
Ridin' in the back seat next to my wife
Headed straight on in to the afterlife
I'm leaning to the left, I got my head in her lap
Hold on, I've been led into some kind of a trap
Where we ask no quarter, and no quarter do we give
We're right down the street, from the street where you live
They mutilated his body and they took out his brain
What more could they do? They piled on the pain
But his soul was not there where it was supposed to be at
For the last fifty years they've been searchin' for that
Freedom, oh freedom, freedom over me
I hate to tell you, mister, but only dead men are free
Send me some lovin', then tell me no lie
Throw the gun in the gutter and walk on by
Wake up, little Susie, let's go for a drive
Cross the Trinity River, let's keep hope alive
Turn the radio on, don't touch the dials
Parkland Hospital, only six more miles
You got me dizzy, Miss Lizzy, you filled me with lead
That magic bullet of yours has gone to my head
I'm just a patsy like Patsy Cline
Never shot anyone from in front or behind
I've blood in my eye, got blood in my ear
I'm never gonna make it to the new frontier
Zapruder's film I seen night before
Seen it thirty-three times, maybe more
It's vile and deceitful, it's cruel and it's mean
Ugliest thing that you ever have seen
They killed him once and they killed him twice
Killed him like a human sacrifice
The day that they killed him, someone said to me, "Son
The age of the Antichrist has just only begun"
Air Force One comin' in through the gate
Johnson sworn in at 2:38
Let me know when you decide to throw in the towel
It is what it is, and it's murder most foul

What's new, pussycat? What'd I say?
I said the soul of a nation been torn away
And it's beginning to go into a slow decay
And that it's thirty-six hours past Judgment Day
Wolfman Jack, he's speaking in tongues
He's going on and on at the top of his lungs
Play me a song, Mr. Wolfman Jack
Play it for me in my long Cadillac
Play me that "Only the Good Die Young"
Take me to the place Tom Dooley was hung
Play "St. James Infirmary" and the Court of King James
If you want to remember, you better write down the names
Play Etta James, too, play "I'd Rather Go Blind"
Play it for the man with the telepathic mind
Play John Lee Hooker, play "Scratch My Back"
Play it for that strip club owner named Jack
Guitar Slim going down slow
Play it for me and for Marilyn Monroe

Play "Please Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood"
Play it for the First Lady, she ain't feeling any good
Play Don Henley, play Glenn Frey
Take it to the limit and let it go by
Play it for Carl Wilson, too
Looking far, far away down Gower Avenue
Play "Tragedy", play "Twilight Time"
Take me back to Tulsa to the scene of the crime
Play another one and "Another One Bites the Dust"
Play "The Old Rugged Cross" and "In God We Trust"
Ride the pink horse down that long, lonesome road
Stand there and wait for his head to explode
Play "Mystery Train" for Mr. Mystery
The man who fell down dead like a rootless tree
Play it for the reverend, play it for the pastor
Play it for the dog that got no master
Play Oscar Peterson, play Stan Getz
Play "Blue Sky," play Dickey Betts
Play Art Pepper, Thelonious Monk
Charlie Parker and all that junk
All that junk and "All That Jazz"
Play something for the Birdman of Alcatraz
Play Buster Keaton, play Harold Lloyd
Play Bugsy Siegel, play Pretty Boy Floyd
Play the numbers, play the odds
Play "Cry Me a River" for the Lord of the gods
Play Number nine, play Number six
Play it for Lindsey and Stevie Nicks
Play Nat King Cole, play "Nature Boy"
Play "Down in the Boondocks" for Terry Malloy
Play "It Happened One Night" and "One Night of Sin"
There's twelve million souls that are listening in
Play "Merchant of Venice", play "Merchants of Death"
Play "Stella by Starlight" for Lady Macbeth
Don't worry, Mr. President, help's on the way
Your brothers are comin', there'll be hell to pay
Brothers? What brothers? What's this about hell?
Tell them, "We're waiting, keep coming," we'll get them as well
Love Field is where his plane touched down
But it never did get back up off the ground
Was a hard act to follow, second to none
They killed him on the altar of the rising sun
Play "Misty" for me and "That Old Devil Moon"
Play "Anything Goes" and "Memphis in June"
Play "Lonely at the Top" and "Lonely Are the Brave"
Play it for Houdini spinning around in his grave
Play Jelly Roll Morton, play "Lucille"
Play "Deep in a Dream", and play "Driving Wheel"
Play "Moonlight Sonata" in F-sharp
And "A Key to the Highway" for the king on the harp
Play "Marching Through Georgia" and "Dumbarton's Drums"
Play "Darkness" and death will come when it comes
Play "Love Me or Leave Me" by the great Bud Powell
Play "The Blood-Stained Banner", play "Murder Most Foul"Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha!!! MONTANA!!!

Freak, some gyal ah freak ah di week
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
(I-I-I don't need to say playboy, I say play nigga!)
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
(I don't need to say playboy, I said play nigga!)
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a

Lights up the fire, you know we get higher
Rolling up loud, real niggas moving quiet
Like it then I buy it, you donkeys on a diet
Bringing all my jewels, how you know I start a riot
Riding with the bliquor, messing up her make up
You blowing up her phone, she ain't trying to pick up
Drinking out the bottle, I'm leaning with a model
I throw a hundred racks up, you think I hit the lotto
Riding with the wolves, I ain't talkin Minnesota
Shorty coming over, go and bend it over
Let me plank on it, put a drink on it
Heard you a freak, put my name on it (Montana!)

Freak, some gyal ah freak ah di week
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
(I-I-I don't need to say playboy, I say play nigga!)
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
(I don't need to say playboy, I said play nigga!)
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a

This girl tell me, say she horny
She want to give it to me out the door
This girl fuck me like she know me
She backed it up then she tipped on her toes

He said he met this little girl by the name of Onika
Way my body shape, all the boys wanna freak her
Brag and I boast, they be doin the most
If I look at his friend, he'll be grippin the toaster
So I took him to the crib to kill him with it
Put my legs behind my head, I hit the ceiling with it
When I put it in his mouth I couldn't believe it
He looked me in my eyes and said he wanna breed it
Passa Passa, you ain't got no wins in mi casa
Big fat pussy; Mufasa
Hit up Green Acres, hit up Kings Plaza
Some of them say them gully, some of them say them gaza

Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a

This girl tell me, say she horny
She want to give it to me out the door
This girl fuck me like she know me
She backed it up then she tipped on her toes

Where my bad bitches at?
Where my bad bitches at?
Pretty gang make noise
Pretty gang make noise
Pretty gang act the fuck, act the-act the fuck up

Where my bad bitches at?
Where my bad bitches at?
Rude girls make noise
Rude girls make noise
Rude girl act the fucked up, act, act the fuck up
Act the fuck up, act, act the fuck up

Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a
Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a

This girl tell me, say she horny
She want to give it to me out the door
This girl fuck me like she know me
She backed it up then she tipped on her toes

Young Money, I don't even say my name anymore, playnigga
I don't even say playboy, I say playnigga
And what the fuck you talking about with them fake figures?
I come through like, I mean no Nicki
I came through South side Jamaica Queen bitch
And everyboody know you are on my dick
MontanaC-C-CorMill

Rule number one if it's about me, at me so I can see it
Rule number two if you heard shit that didn't come from me, then don't believe it
'Cause I hate a bitch that like to post shit, then before you see it she delete it
Or when you come to her, she get to switching up like "Girl I ain't even really mean it"
So when I catch you lacking, don't say shit, just prepare your ass for this beating
'Cause on sight means on sight
Not in no counselors office having meetings
And if you pull my tracks, I'm gonna break your face and you really gone be left bleeding
'Cause these four bundles of Brazilian Straight, don't need to be left leaning
And rule three if you stating facts, then let me see them receipts
'Cause if I find out that y'all hoes lying, all them asses getting beat
And y'all saying this and y'all saying that, but y'all hoes ain't really 'bout shit
Come with that jumping shit
I got a Glock in the back with a scope and I do not miss, bitch

Bitch, woah
Play with this shit if you want to ho
Man I don't even know
I won't even keep in touch
So my name in your mouth
Then you doing too much
Bringing up lies and such
And she ain't hard unless you where the crew and them
Online screaming she got real hands
But in real life she don't know what to do with them
Man she run her mouth like a meter
But when it's time to ride, I ain't see her
So next time, if you ain't tryna hook
Then 'lil bitch watch your demeanor
Lyrics dirty, but the flow is cleaner
Watch me slap her shit like Serena
Yeah slap her shit like Serena
Make her spin around like ballerinas

You know what I, do
She don't got a, clue
Can't hang with the, gang
If you not the, crew

I want 30k on my wrist
Gold yellow like piss
I got four labels tryna sign the kid
And I don't know which one that I'ma pick
Which one that I'ma pick

Rule number one if it's about me, at me so I can see it
Rule number two if you heard shit that didn't come from me, then don't believe it
'Cause I hate a bitch that like to post shit, then before you see it she delete it
Or when you come to her, she get to switching up like "Girl I ain't even really mean it"
So when I catch you lacking, don't say shit, just prepare your ass for this beating
'Cause on sight means on sight
Not in no counselors office having meetings
And if you pull my tracks, I'm gonna break your face and you really gone be left bleeding
'Cause these four bundles of Brazilian Straight, don't need to be left leaning
And rule three if you stating facts, then let me see them receipts
'Cause if I find out that y'all hoes lying, all them asses getting beat
And y'all saying this and y'all saying that, but y'all hoes ain't really 'bout shit
Come with that jumping shit I got a Glock  in the back with a scope and I do not miss bitch!

You know what I, do
She don't got a, clue
Can't hang with the, gang
If you not the, crew

And y'all saying this and y'all saying that, but y'all hoes ain't really 'bout shit
Come with that jumping shit I gotta Glock in the back with a scope and I do not miss bitch!

You know what I, do
She don't got a, clue
Can't hang with the, gang
If you not the, crewYoung Jefe Holmes

Swish, I'm balling, I'm so awesome
Old bitch keep calling (Hello?), she think I'm awesome
Jackboys wanna rob me (Me?), I'm so awesome
Out here like a possum (Yeah), I'm so, I'm so awesome
I'm so fucking awesome (Aww, aww, aww), I'm so awesome
I'm so fucking awesome (Aww, aww, aww), I'm so awesome
I'm so fucking awesome (Aww, aww, aww), I'm so awesome
I'm so fucking awesome (Aww, aww, aww), I'm so awesome

Oh my fucking God, pull up in that, oh my gosh (Skrr)
These niggas so soft, get that arrow out your heart (Aww)
You can be a boss or you can get a job
You do not go hard, you's a motherfucking fraud (Boy)
Young Jefe,  I got blow you can sell away (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Broke boy, you are not my friend (Woo), you need to get away (Get away)
Call up my driver tell him scoop me in his Escalade
Night Sunday, bet a thousand bucks on Tampa Bay (Whee)
Got a lot of spots like a motherfucking cheetah
All we do is trap, my OGs still got beepers (Change)
Bad little kiddy, momma took my ass to jeepers (Goddamn)
Tryna get a ticket like no money in the meter (Goddamn, goddamn)

Swish, I'm balling, I'm so awesome
Old bitch keep calling (Hello?), she think I'm awesome
Jackboys wanna rob me (Me?), I'm so awesome
Out here like a possum (Yeah), I'm so, I'm so awesome
I'm so fucking awesome (Aww, aww, aww), I'm so awesome
I'm so fucking awesome (Aww, aww, aww), I'm so awesome
I'm so fucking awesome (Aww, aww, aww), I'm so awesome
I'm so fucking awesome (Aww, aww, aww), I'm so awesome

Make these niggas sick, chicken noodle soup (Soup)
Chickens in my coupe (Bah), it's a fucking chicken coop (Vroom)
Young nigga a fool (Aww), I just saw your boo (Who that?)
My bitch, she so cute (So cute), that's my little boo (Mwuah)
She from down in Austin (Aus'), her family balling (Swish)
Baby, I'm a stunner, just like Stone Cold Steve Austin (Aus')
One bitch gave me blue balls, I think she from Slauson (Aus')
Walking around with two dogs, boom, John Wallin (Whoo)
Higher then a blimp (Yeah), leaning like I'm pimp (Yeah)
40 by my Fendi, got me walking with a limp
I'm not signing no bitch unless she nasty like Lil' Kim
I got a lot of weight and I do not go to the gym

Swish, I'm balling, I'm so awesome
Old bitch keep calling (Hello?), she think I'm awesome
Jackboys wanna rob me (Me?), I'm so awesome
Out here like a possum (Yeah), I'm so, I'm so awesome
I'm so fucking awesome (Aww, aww, aww), I'm so awesome
I'm so fucking awesome (Aww, aww, aww), I'm so awesome
I'm so fucking awesome (Aww, aww, aww), I'm so awesome
I'm so fucking awesome (Aww, aww, aww), I'm so awesomeWrist, trill, wrist, trill
Wrist, trill, wrist, drippin' and drippin'
Wrist (Skrt, skrt), tip (Woo), four, tip (Woo)
Wrist drippin', drippin', drippin', drippin', drippin', drippin', drippin, drippin' (Woo)

My wrist 'bout 30 below (Low)
Why would I be worried 'bout hoes? (Why would?)
And if you ain't ever leanin', swervin' in traffic
You ain't sip that dirty before (That dirty dirty)
Catch me tippin' on 4's (Skrt)
Diamonds drippin', prolly sippin' on 4's
Ferragamo slippers dipped 'em in gold
With so many women, think I'm pimpin' them hoes

Wrist drippin', 4's tippin'
Wrist drippin', 4...

'Cause my wrist still drippin', 44's still tip
In the cut with my hittas (Gang) No, they do not miss
I'm a champagne-pourin' nigga, I love big asses and tits (Show me them tits)
And if you're here just to witness, I just promise this

Hold my wrist (Skrt, skrt), tip, four (Four), tip
Wrist, drip (Drip), 44's tip
Hold my wrist (Wrist), tip (Tip), four (Four), tip (Tip)
Wrist (Wrist), drip (Drip), 44's tip (Drippin', drippin', drippin')

No he not ballin' like us, who the fuck he think he is? (He a lame ass boy, nigga)
You gotta come to my city, you gotta see how we live (Pull up with the drug dealers)
You should just come on the bed, I should just fuck you right now
Oh just forget what I said, I just be thinkin' out loud
Thinkin' out loud, thinkin' out loud
Can I hit in the mirror? (Yeah) I wanna see your body clearer
Let's think out loud, think out loud
Got my wrist doin' 85 in a 35, 35, 35

Wrist, tip, four (Oh), tip (Hold my wrist)
Wrist, drip, 44's tip (Oh)
Hold my wrist, tip (Hold it), four, tip
Wrist, drip (Oh my), 44's tip (Skrt, skrt)

My wrist 30 below (Woo)
It cost 'bout 40, it's 50 on me (Ah)
My neck is retarded, but nigga, I'm geeked
My bitch is a baller, but she from the streets
So don't get her started
Handcuffs like I got arrested homie
Ferragamo's on me, got me flexin' on 'em
Mud, mud, I got all these taxes on me
Diamonds shinin', that's them VVS's on me
Leanin' off Activis (Ah)
Tippin' on fours, thinkin' 'bout when them hoes used to sleep on me like mattresses (Mattresses)
But that's how it go, now I'm gettin' that dough, and I'm 'bout to count up like it's calculus (Calculus)
(Actually) I got my name off that trappin' shit (Ah)
But I got the fame off this rappin' shit (Rappin' shit)
Now my watch and my chain is immaculate (Oh)

Bitch, go 'head, look at my
Wrist, tip (Oh my), four, tip (Oh my)
Wrist, drip (Oh my), 44's tip (Oh my)
Hold my wrist, tip (Oh my), four, tip (Oh my) (Wrist)
Wrist, drip (Oh my), 44's tip (Oh my) (Yeah)
Wrist, tip, four, tip (Oh my)
Wrist, drip, 44's tip (Oh)Iceberg Simpson!

Seven butt-nakeds sippin' drank in my sauna
Only fuck with hoes who rock Dolce & Gabbana
Seven butt-nakeds sippin' drank in my sauna
Only fuck with hoes who rock Dolce & Gabbana

I'ma stay with shades
Fendi on my braids
Gotta stay paid
Stay on the front page
Stayin' in the press
Teeth on my chest
Iceberg Season with some slugs cross my vest
I got these bitches actin' hard
Swang the boulevard
Riff Raff pullin' up with five ace cards
Maybe five jokers
Your bitch playing strip poker
I'm outside eatin' fried okra
(With who?) With Oprah
Diamonds 'cross my lemur
Diamonds 'cross my tuxedo
Bitches act like Aquafina
I'ma be a steamer
I'mma steam clean 'em
Diamonds on my Bimmer
Diamonds on the BMdub, never been a scrub
Iced out my shoulder shrugs
Suit made by Cavali
Diamonds on my piece and chain looking like Mufasa
Look like Lion King
Drive a Sebring
50 thousand dollars, bought myself a wedding ring

Seven butt-nakeds sippin' drank in my sauna
Only fuck with hoes who rock Dolce & Gabbana
Seven butt-nakeds sippin' drank in my sauna
Only fuck with hoes who rock Dolce & Gabbana

I'ma rock shades
Stunts like Super Dave
On the front page
Ballin' on these waves
I'm a silverback
Drunk and still leanin'
Aquafina jets with the papaya steamer
I'mma steam clean 'em, got the jets sittin' low
The slab outside still sittin' on fo'
I swang on elbow
I'm sittin' in Tahoe
You already know, rap (rap) game Bo (Bo)
Rap game Bo Jackson
My trunk still relaxin'
I'm cool with the mathematics
Motherfuck subtraction
I keep my paper stackin'
I keep that shit movin'
Rap game Action Jackson and my life is like a movie
It's a scary movie
Diamonds on my jacuzzi
I pull up at Ruby Tuesday's
Rap game Oklahoma Sooners
You know how I get down
You know how I'm known to clown
Pop trunk, show surround
Leave the whole block drowned (wet)

Seven butt-nakeds sippin' drank in my sauna
Only fuck with hoes who rock Dolce & Gabbana
Seven butt-nakeds sippin' drank in my sauna
Only fuck with hoes who rock Dolce & GabbanaYeah!
R.I.P. Dex Osama, Lil Snupe
All the fallen soldiers
Scooter, Truce

When they killed my nigga Snupe, I seen my young nigga
In the casket he ain't even have no blood in him
Prolly the reason why I keep taking these drugs quicker
Ain't got no patience for these motherfuckin' fuck niggas
I watch everybody change, they thought I lost it
But now they all bustin' U-ies its gon' cost 'em
I seen Chino shut the casket on the coffin (Truce)
Killed his only big brother and we lost him
So I'ma hold it down 'til we all win
We've been at the Clearport ballin'
I just want to see my niggas flossin'
Hundred bands everytime I walk in
If you keep it trill you'll get a blessing for it
Deep down in the trenches with that Wesson on me
My mama, she can't sleep, I come here early mornings (mama)
But mama I got thirty in this dirty .40
Any weapon formed against me shall not prosper
Used to pray them Ramen noodles turned to lobster
Gotta watch my own homies on the roster
Cause this the type of money'll get your lined up

And I can't trust nobody
They hit your homie and they knocked the soul out him
They said that they would ride or die but ain't nobody roll 'bout it
Three felonies, ain't graduate, no I am not your role model
I hope the Lord got us

When they killed my nigga, I seen the footage on the tape
Man I must've threw up everything I ever ate
Man I know he got some dice at the Heaven gates
Kicking shit with all these bitches like he's Kevin Gates
Relax your mind and kick your feet way up
Selling dog food tryna feed my pups
Young rich nigga and I'm built Ford Tough
And I'm going through stuff
I don't feel no love
I shake your body and you still wake up
Taking Perkys, man I fill my cup
The feds watching and they still might come, I'm gone
I wan' see my brother with the Patek, not the static
Gucci wrap your toe up, got retarded with my daddy
All they seen was red bottoms bleeding by the casket
Perkys got me focused, I done noticed all the damages
I don't see no purpose, in the county eating sandwiches
Lost so many niggas, I went crazy, I couldn't balance it
You can't question God, yeah, yeah, and then there's challenges
Sipping on this Actavis, I swear, I gotta manage it
SRT the challengers
Make that work do acrobatic flip, accurate
And I'm leaning like a project banister
I'm a boss, I ain't never need a manager
Got rich, with thugs scandalous, ayy

Fuck it, we ball, yeah
All the soldiers we lost, yeah
Fuck it, we ball-ooh-all
For all the soldiers we lost
Shawty on percocets in the bag
(All the soldiers we lost)
Got a Rollie and a Pateky in my bag
(All the soldiers we lost)
She just got a nose job and it wasn't that bad
(Fuck it, we ball)
I was juggin' round the city, I came back, ayy
Fuck it, we ball
Yeah, fuck it, we ball
Tear down the mall, yeah
Fuck it, we ball
Tear down the mall, ayyYou're now tuned into the muh'fuckin' greatest (Jigga)
Turn the music up in the headphones (Jigga)
Tim, you can go and brush your shoulder off, nigga
I got you, yeah, uhh

If you feeling like a pimp
Nigga, go and brush your shoulders off
Ladies is pimps too, go and brush your shoulders off
Niggas is crazy, baby, don't forget that boy told you
Get that dirt off your shoulder

I probably owe it to y'all, probably be locked by the force
Tryin' to hustle some things that go with the Porsche
Feelin' no remorse, feelin' like my hand was forced
Middle finger to the law, nigga, grippin' my balls
Said the ladies, they love me, from the bleachers they screamin'
All the ballers is bouncin', they like the way I be leanin'
All the rappers be hatin' off the track that I'm makin'
But all the hustlers, they love it, just to see one of us make it
Came from the bottom of the bottom, to the top of the pops
Nigga, London, Japan and I'm straight off the block
Like a running back, get it? Man, I'm straight off the block
I can run it back, nigga, ‘cause I'm straight with the Roc

If you feeling like a pimp
Nigga, go and brush your shoulders off
Ladies is pimps too, go and brush your shoulders off
Niggas is crazy, baby, don't forget that boy told you
Get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder

Your homie Hov' in position, in the kitchen with soda
I just whipped up a watch, tryin' to get me a Rover
Tryin' to stretch out the coca, like a wrestler, yessir
Keep the Heckler close, you know them smokers'll test ya
But, like, 52 cards went out, I'm through dealin'
Now 52 bars come out, now you feel 'em
Now 52 cars roll out, remove ceilin'
In case 52 broads come out, now you chillin'
With a boss, bitch, of course, S.C. on the sleeve
At the 40/40 club, ESPN on the screen
I paid a grip for the jeans, plus the slippers is clean
No chrome on the wheels, I'm a grown-up for real

If you feeling like a pimp
Nigga, go and brush your shoulders off
Ladies is pimps too, go and brush your shoulders off
Niggas is crazy, baby, don't forget that boy told you
Get, that, dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder

Your boy back in the building; Brooklyn, we back on the map
Me and my beautiful bee-itch in the back of that 'Bach
I'm the realest to run it, I just happen to rap
I ain't gotta clap at 'em, niggas scared of that black
I drop that Black Album, then I back out it
As the best rapper alive, nigga, ask 'bout me
From bricks to Billboards, from grams to Grammy's
From O's to opposite of Orphan Annie
You gotta pardon Jay, for sellin' out the Garden in a day
I'm like a young Marvin in his hey'
I'm a hustler, homie, you a customer crony
Got some dirt on my shoulder; could you brush it off for me?

If you feeling like a pimp
Nigga, go and brush your shoulders off
Ladies is pimps too, go and brush your shoulders off
Niggas is crazy, baby, don't forget that boy told you
Get, that, dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder

You're now tuned into the mu'fuckin' greatest
Best rapper alive, best rapper aliveThree days before Armistice Sunday
and poppies had already been placed
on individual war graves. Before you left,
I pinned one onto your lapel, crimped petals,
spasms of paper red, disrupting a blockade
of yellow bias binding around your blazer.
Sellotape bandaged around my hand,
I rounded up as many white cat hairs
as I could, smoothed down your shirt's
upturned collar, steeled the softening
of my face. I wanted to graze my nose
across the tip of your nose, play at
being Eskimos like we did when
you were little. I resisted the impulse
to run my fingers through the gelled
blackthorns of your hair. All my words
flattened, rolled, turned into felt,
slowly melting. I was brave, as I walked
with you, to the front door, threw
it open, the world overflowing
like a treasure chest. A split second
and you were away, intoxicated.
After you'd gone I went into your bedroom,
released a song bird from its cage.
Later a single dove flew from the pear tree,
and this is where it has led me,
skirting the church yard walls, my stomach busy
making tucks, darts, pleats, hat-less, without
a winter coat or reinforcements of scarf, gloves.
On reaching the top of the hill I traced
the inscriptions on the war memorial,
leaned against it like a wishbone.
The dove pulled freely against the sky,
an ornamental stitch, I listened, hoping to hear
your playground voice catching on the wind.I don't know if it's because my heart hurts or if I'm insecure
I'm not sure
(Yeah, I like that)
Uh

Yeah, I'm not sure
I don't know if it's because my heart hurts or if I'm insecure
Baby, you're not her
My last girl had me so fucked up, it was a blacked out blur
Baby, you jump first
It's a long way to hell, I ain't really tryna leave this Earth
Baby, do your worst
I've come to the conclusion you can't kill me if I kill you first

I've been through the wringer
Tryna put a diamond ring on her finger
She love drama, she be watching Jerry Springer
Next thing you know, we all on Jerry Springer
I play love games, but no, I'm not a cheater
She hate it when I sip codeine, I'm a leaner
The devil on my shoulder keep on telling me to keep her
Should I take her out or should I take her to the cleaner?
Love don't end good for me, no good for me
She's good for me, too good
These hoes love playing me, heartbreaking me
Don't pray for me, just give me drugs (Bring me drugs)

Just give me drugs
Just bring me drugs
Just give me drugs

Yeah, I'm not sure
I don't know if it's because my heart hurts or if I'm insecure
Baby, you're not her
My last girl had me so fucked up, it was a blacked out blur
Baby, you jump first
It's a long way to hell, I ain't really tryna leave this Earth
Baby, do your worst
I've come to the conclusion you can't kill me if I kill you first

I told her, "Run around and get away"
I think I need a getaway
I need to call a timeout, I need to set another play
I need a umbrella 'cause every day feel like a rainy day
I need something other than Xannies to take the pain away
I ran away to California, I'm tryna cut corners
Satan bossin' me around, but you know I don't take orders
Yeah, I had to move around, I was startin' to feel cornered
Startin' to feel cornered, I can't see the front door
Startin' to feel cornered, startin' to feel slaughtered
Started to not give a fuck, screamin' out, "Why bother?"
My ex-bitch too bad, my next bitch way hotter
We met in a car crash, she ride it like full throttle

Yeah, I'm not sure
I don't know if it's because my heart hurts or if I'm insecure
Baby, you're not her
My last girl had me so fucked up, it was a blacked out blur
Baby, you jump first
It's a long way to hell, I ain't really tryna leave this Earth
Baby, do your worst
I've come to the conclusion you can't kill me if I kill you firstYeah, yeah

Batman, Batman, Batman
Joker just put me on acid
Huh, you on the wave like a Maverick
You need to make something happen
Batman, Batman, Batman
Please put me on new fashion
Huh, I ain't learn nothing since last year
You got the renegade fabrics
Batman, Batman, Batman
Please put me up on a Tesla (Skrrt!)
I'm tryna be hella extra
Please hand-me-down a new sweatshirt
Batman, Batman, Batman
Heard that you ain't got a mattress
Heard that you king of Manhattan (Queens)
So why you stay in the 'Basas?
Batman, Batman, Batman
We need to settle the scores
Jokers they still want a war
Watch out, I'm closing the doors
Batman, Batman, Batman
I heard you married a Porsche
That shit is all in the past, plus we got very divorced
You ain't ready for the war, Skywalker with the force
One, two, three, four, D'artiste is making noise
In the suburbs with the boys, on a roll, no Royce
Had to save the day every single way, we don't really got a choice
Batman, Batman, Batman
Please save the day from the demons
I was sleep and he was leaning
We drove right into a precinct

Batman, Batman, Batman
Why you look flyer than hell?
Don't think the album will sell
But this shit might fly off the shelf
Batman, Batman, Batman
So fly that you mad at yourself
You the one who got the juice, city crying for your help

Shooting up on Skid Row, out your window
Look and you could tell
Get it from under their spell
If I don't do it, then who else?
Need me to shoot up the signal
I'll be there to get the info
Skrrtin' through the residential (Skrrt!)
I wish it wasn't plain and simple
Lemme pull up to the party, need like 35 credentials

Batman, Batman, Batman
Why you look flyer than hell?
Don't think the album will sell
But this shit might fly off the shelf
Batman, Batman, Batman
We need to settle the scores
Jokers they still want a war
Hold up, I'm closing the doors
Batman, Batman, Batman
So fly that you mad at yourself
You the one who got the juice, city crying for your help

Batman, Batman, Batman
That was not part of the deal
You was protecting the bank and then you walked off with a mil'Тут Соня Мармеладова, а вот тебе бы надо бы
Пару ингаляторов, удар дефибриллятора
Чтобы зачитать, как я, звезда амфитеатра
Ведь Соня на битах, как сеанс у педиатра
А дети все кричат: "О Соня!"
Мышке твой хуй больно в кишках колется
Весь кишлак гомик, я как КиШ - на троне
Ты летишь, как Коби. Разряжаю весь патронник
Ра-та-та ты под землёй, как кобальт
Разрываюсь на битах, словно здесь Чернобыль
Школьница Дэма
Отряд камикадзе — тут школьница эмо
К-К-КОМБО как Кимбо Слайс,
Тут MGK, Соня - киборг Сайракс
Ты Майли Сайрус, я Savage-Savage
Двойная рифма - Double Damage
Я Дамблдор, ты тут долдон
Забываешь свой текст, как купить гандон
Жирный flow, Ким Дотком
Илюха поц норм, но он ебанько
Читает свой рэп с таким ебалом
Словно занят прямо щас тройным аналом
Двойным аналом, у всех изъяны, бро
У твоего грайма лицо Марьяны Ро
Это как так? Ты мудак, тик-так время утекло
Ты не вагван, ты не ванван
Твой Декамерон - плак-плак на битах
Илюха поц норм, но он ебанько
Ебанько
Ебанько
Ебанько
Ебанько
Ебанько
У твоего грайма лицо Марьяны Ро
Это как так? Ты мудак, тик-так время утекло
Ты не вагван, ты не ванван
Твой Декамерон - плак на битах
Не успел попасть в бит, пиф-паф по пятам
Эй, да у нас тут дырка
Мини Маус - МС Подстилка
В тебе грайма нет, слушай Меззу
Твой флоу — Рогатка, давалка с Версус
Флоу — шлюшка. Гулял с другими
Флоу — пушка. Слова, как гири
Чейни, помнишь на финале тебя знатно слили?
Ты хотел мне отплатить? Сука, скинь на Qiwi
Просто мусор, просто клининг
После тусы топить под lean'ом
Последний чирик, свое горе пятаки
Воскрешаю русский grime, будто Соня клирик
Я зомби-критик. Под зомби Риддим
Качусь в темноте мимо зон бикини
Но меня не проведешь, как Иисуса на мякине
Пусть твоё очко не клумба, но мы всё же засадили туда
Семя антихайпа
Я сожру тебя с говном со всеми котяхами
Ты боишься насекомых, ебанный гук
Тебя собьет мой Volkswagen Жук
Какие панчи?
Какие люди, такие панчи
Эти 2 подружки, сестрички Олсен
И отсосут сестрички awesome
Сестрички awesome
И отсосут сестрички awesome (Ах)
Эпидемия (ях), говнорэперов (рав!)
Я не буду даже сильно тут батлить вас
Эпидемия (ях), говнорэперов (рав!)
На десерт у меня твой шоколадный глаз

Я рву бит каждый день. Это моя тактика
Я хочу, чтобы в зале кричали: "Нахуй Антихайп"
Я рву бит каждый день. Это моя тактика
Я хочу, чтобы в зале кричали: "Нахуй Антихайп"
Я рву бит каждый день. Это моя тактика
Я хочу, чтобы в зале кричали: "Нахуй Антихайп"
Я рву бит каждый день. Это моя тактика
Я хочу, чтобы в зале кричали: "Нахуй Антихайп"

Какой антихайп? Ты продался
Делая то что модно и что хочет челядь
Но чем больше сосешь, тем больше челюсть
Ты боишься Мирона, будто он чеченец
В тебе грайма нет и не было никогда
Переоценен, как в Юнайтед Погба

Я рву бит каждый день. Это моя тактика
Я хочу, чтобы в зале кричали: "Нахуй Антихайп"
Я рву бит каждый день. Это моя тактика
Я хочу, чтобы в зале кричали: "Нахуй Антихайп"
Я рву бит каждый день. Это моя тактика
Я хочу, чтобы в зале кричали: "Нахуй Антихайп"
Ты убит на бите. Это моя тактика
Я хочу, чтобы в зале кричали: "Нахуй Антихайп"

Какой антихайп? Ты продался
Делая то что модно и что хочет челядь
Но чем больше сосешь, тем больше челюсть
Ты боишься Мирона, будто он чеченец
В тебе грайма нет и не было никогда
Переоценен, как в Юнайтед Погба
Тебе дали хайпа, чуть больше бабла
И ты отрекся от того что раньше сказал
"Я лучше сдохну ебанным ноунеймом
Чем прославлюсь и стану тобой"
Вот это жопа, прям как у J. Lo
Можешь убить себя прям перед толпой
Ой, что передумал?
Где же совесть ты нашел Яндекс или Google
Скрывался, ставил на mute трубку
Ты продал имя, как свою куртку
Твой слушатель дети 12 лет
Ты певец малолеток и это твой удел
Посасывать хуец за монету тут пиздец
Опонненту, как членом бы ты не дудел
Штамповка! Где прежний запал и дух интеллекта
Андрюха сказал - Слава в миг исполнил, потому как Андрюха директор
Это хайп машина по продаже мерча и походу она грузовая
Нахуй качество, писать на количество легче, похоже на игру Замая
Слушатель, ты не поверишь глазам
Все его заслуги - это zero
Всю твою известность сделал ты сам?
Всю твои известность сделал Мирон
Куплеты тоска
Ведь это говно или подснежник
Да бля!
Замая ведь отсюда и так срежут

Каждый день. Это моя тактика
Я хочу, чтобы в зале кричали: "Нахуй Антихайп"
Ты убит на бите. Это моя тактика
Я хочу, чтобы в зале кричали: "Нахуй Антихайп"

Нахуй вас пидоры
"Нахуй Антихайп"
"Нахуй Антихайп"
"Нахуй Антихайп"
"Нахуй Антихайп"

У него антихайп головного мозга
Головного мозга...

Слава не забыл свои корни просто
У него Антихайп головного мозга
Замая мы просто ебали в дёсна
У него Антихайп головного мозга
Слава не забыл свои корни просто
У него Антихайп головного мозга
Замая мы просто ебали в дёсна
У него Антихайп головного мозга

Как наступить на это борзое ебало
Чтобы порция навоза нам на кросы не попала
Батл, не выходим босыми - мы два сапога пара
Кто-то не выходит Боссом из того самого бара
Парень, на их поле боя ты – воин не великий
Без пробы свежей крови – не ровня для элит
Хмурил брови на них, а они бровью не повели
И все от мала до велика тебя продинамили
И тут бам – без разбора
Будут на органы все из вас порваны
Здесь царь бомба, есть в нас порох
Сделать раздолбанным весь танцол
Ведь здесь сто сорок, а его пульс иной
Переплюнул тебя, убери соплю, не ной
Как морозить хуйню, так ты в плюсе, но
На этом минусе ты абсолютный ноль
Вам шах и мат, всего в один ход
Ты падший примат, а не злобный Кинг Конг
Динозавр, а залы с тех пор не битком
Твой рэп – это сайт испортил бит.ком
Ком этот встанет в горле белком
Его я заставлю ссать кипятком
Я бы на месте Мирона вас слал далеко
Вы не антихайп - вы Слава и Ко
Слишком жестко, воу
Ты мне на батле не товарищ, а тамбовский волк
Это повесть Крылова – лаять брось, хуйло
Ведь у меня глаза, как у Слона, на Моську, лох
До вызова Мирона вас врозь вело
Замай притянутый за уши - в твой силок
Ты его бросил в лодку, но с его скиллом
Это говно не улов - оно само всплыло
Или как Бог над водой –
Иконой для потомков Тупака, Кападонны
В рэпе ты дедок, типа тебе так удобно?
А рвать на биток так – нихуя подобного
Вдох – снова под воду. И потом
Если вы, гондоны, тупо из-за опыта готовы
Называть воды потоком этот топовый потоп
То у кого-то много опыта тут только допотопного

Пробил как дно эхолот
Это мой прорыв года через твой потолок
Ты в ступе годы, а не воду толок
В говно по локоть - ты не воин болот
Замая мы просто ебали в дёсна
У тебя Антихайп головного мозга
Слава не забыл свои корни просто
У него Антихайп головного мозга
Я бы мог это доказывать, но
Мне без мазы из пальца высасывать гной
Одной твоей фразой пересказанной мной
Я за раз смою 2 заразы в одной
Суй в анус весь fame, Слава
Пиздуй нахуй звездой батлов
Долбись в сраку, я останусь
Ведь сверху, падла, больнее падать

Чейни!
Ты не прав, Чейни!
Пошел нахуй

Рвать на битах
Нахуй твой грайм
Рвать на битах
Нахуй твой грайм
Рвать на битах
Рвать на битах
Нахуй твой грайм
Е-е-е

Самый вырезаемый МЦ
А ты кто? Просто прицеп
В этой рэп игре, Ден Чейни
Я тут хан, а ты челядь
Че ты хочешь? Блять, я не понял
Позвал на бой, ты шоли гомик
Тебя в порнухе позовут на бис
Ведь меня учил стилю Рома Tills

Рвать на битах
Рвать на битах
Нахуй твой грайм
Рвать на битах
Рвать на битах
Рвать на битах
Нахуй твой хайп

Твой грайм - грим, ты не grime green
Твой блинк-блинк - это блин, блин
Ты не Кингпин, кретин
Твои панчи в молоко или кефир?
Тараторка года, ты как ебаный робот
Бит не замечаешь вовсе
Но бомбит, когда пролетаешь мимо орбит
Хайпа
Ты просто калека, ты мне не коллега
Я буду рвать тебя на битах
Мне похуй, Чейни
Рвать на битах
Рвать на битах
Нахуй твой грайм
Рвать на битах
Рвать на битах
Нахуй твой грайм
Я хан Замай
Рвать на битах
Рвать на битах
Нахуй твой грайм
Нахуй твой грайм
Че? Че? Рвать на битах
(Пошел нахуй Чейни я ебал тебя в рот)
Рвать на битах
Рвать на битах
Нахуй твой грайм
Нахуй твой грайм


Хуевый, плохой, злой
Хуевый, плохой, злой
Хуевый, плохой, злой

Тысячи, тысячи, не совершенных грехов, еще
Тонны бумаги, тыщи, не марами дворов, трущоб
Килограммы на форматы, класть еще плотью тюки
Ведь я в лучах звездной болезни, как Склодовская-Кюри
И подохну когда придавит плитой ядерный гриф
Но позже чем, дядька Сэм тебя Микки Маус раскабалит
Ты как в цирке на туловище маска и парик
А я по жизне ебанутый, Дай мне 9 грамм, Айболит
Из чрева вылезает новый парадокс герой
Опустели кинозалы, просмотровое окно
Горит одно лишь, будто пуканы, всех этих прото звезд
Я Рокко Сиффреди, трахал вас в разных позах, но всерьез

Слово СПБ, холопы ТНТ
Вы уздечку на битах порвали? Не смеши людей
Ден Чейни, Микки Маус в белом доме комикс
Хуевый, плохой, злой Замай и Соня
Слово СПБ, холопы ТНТ
Вы уздечку на битах порвали? Не смеши людей
Че-че? в белом доме комикс
Хуевый, плохой, злой - это Замай и Соня

Рвать на битах свою сраную глотку
Я не стану, мне надо бомбу
Набить гвоздями, подайте хавчик
И покурить, словно я Крысавчик
От фитиля
Что за жаркий пудель? Мс. Фигляр
Дикий Чейни, как Джеки Чан, но
Одену его туз, как футляр (р-р!)
Кого порвать? На каких битосах? Ты что Кобейн?
Любишь 2 ствола во рту. Порнохабу ты сказал: "god damn"
Видя, как сосут эти малышки на битах
Ваша крыша уже едет, словно Чейни cadillac
Тучно, белая корова. Назовитесь "Як-як-як"
Но я прожарю это мясо, словно в передаче "Смак"
Отъезжаю от напасов, но верю все не напрасно
Моя туса, строго в красном. Зюганов и Карла Маркса
Борода светит вам
Твой черный flow - у меня Ку-клукс клан
Dead party, со мной Кыргызстан
Домой дойдете, но по кускам
Слова из книги "О великом Чейни"
Но тут не слова о великом Чейни
Ведь это книга о великом Чейни
И тут не строчки из великой, сука, книги Чейни
Слово СПБ (книга Чейни), холопы ТНТ (книга Чейни)
Вы уздечку на битах (книга Чейни) порвали, не смеши людей
Чейни, Mickey Mouse, пошел-ка ты нахуй
Книга Чейни
Не смеши людей
Mickey Mouse и Чейни в белом доме комикс
Хуевый, плохой и злой - это Замай и Соня


Я живу не чтобы фан меня любил и целовал
Мое имя на могиле набивает цену вам
Или двигаться по фану из вагины в целлофан
На свет в конце туннеля, чтобы кинуться на фары
Будто пес, что бежит под колеса машины
Пока я жив ты просто скажи мне, что
Разменять мой возраст ошибок
На вшивую жизнь, этих полных фальшивок?
Нахуй вам жить на полусогнутых
Если на них не доходили до высот вы
Если вы, до выноса команды Зондер
Вскрылись и выдохлись, как банки содовой
Щека Бога, твоя щека
Я вещаю из убогого ящика, в будущем
Но 4 года маячив тут
Ставил крест на своем настоящем
А вы таращиться будете, да
На нем суммы просмотров без букв и дат
Но мне лететь на удар, в темноту не беда
Мне ничто осветит этот путь в никуда
Камикадзе все ближе к земле
И вселенная дышит этим выбросом лет
Один вдох, все выжать в себе
В забеге к себе, ведь ты же сильнее
Батл-рэп мне как, Мекка она теперь
Меня доведет от фаната до фанатика
Если эту секту придать, то анафеме
На волоске висят, как на канате
Проклинать его, он тянет вниз
А время альпинист, вниз это немыслимо
Снова чистый лист, но хуже для Дениса
Это рвать на битах душу атеиста

Пока мы летаем там, где Икар не летал
Вы стоите на своем, как Земля на китах
Мне на плечи давит дар, я как планку Титан
Держу SLOVOSPB и буду рвать на битах
Пока мы летаем там, где Икар не летал
Вы стоите на своем, как Земля на китах
Мне на плечи давит дар, я как планку Титан
Держу SLOVOSPB и буду рвать на битах

Работал долго, ведь был никем
Выборг не Лондон, а Бирмингем
Я все вам отдал, чтобы быть свободным
Тут безысходность под BPM
Мы делали батлы по фану
До того, как это стало мейнстримом
Всем было поебать на рекламу
Если в кругу, то стадо не стимул
Путь от Альфа бара, до финала в А2
Будто полный зал или ебаный подвал
Я прошел не за день, не надо бабла
И мой flow теперь тебе достанет до гланд
#SLOVOSPB
И это значит то что я уже весь в игре
Не замечал ухмылок в спину и спесь гиен
Мы им брезгуем, время отсекало лишних, как лезвием
Я проклят
И в этом вся моя карма
Мой город Gotham, мой мир DC
А не счастливый и красочный Marvel
Скажи мне сука хоть что-то
То, что я и так не знал о себе
Меня не любили паблики ваши элитные
Зато самоотдача стала сильнее
И ярость огней я не замечал
Меня не остановить дернув за рычаг
И кажется мне я прожигал каждый свой день
Как до записи летела неделя за час
И я рву на битах, ведь другого выхода нет
Первые струны (что выдавали аккомпанемент)
Нас копировали всех под один трафарет
Ведь мы #SLOVOSPB и нас хранит Бафомет

Мы летаем там, где Икар не летал
Вы стоите на своем, как Земля на китах
Мне на плечи давит дар, я как планку Титан
Держу SLOVOSPB и буду рвать на битах
Пока мы летаем там, где Икар не летал
Вы стоите на своем, как Земля на китах
Мне на плечи давит дар, я как планку Титан
Держу SLOVOSPB и буду рвать на битах
Пока мы летаем там, где Икар не летал
Вы стоите на своем, как Земля на китах
Мне на плечи давит дар, я как планку Титан
Держу SLOVOSPB и буду рвать на битах
Пока мы летаем там, где Икар не летал
Вы стоите на своем, как Земля на китах
Мне на плечи давит дар, я как планку Титан
Держу SLOVOSPB и буду рвать на битахI-I-I love how she dancing, got me fiending for you
You say that you love me, I don't know if it's true
When I go to sleep all I ever see is you
I can be your savior, everything that we've been through
I love how she dancing, got me fiending for you
You say that you love me, I don't know if it's true
When I go to sleep all I ever see is you
I can be your savior, everything that we've been through

I be, I be grinding, making money, it's for me and you
I love the way you dancing and your top is see-through
We can go up to the stars, see clouds and fall through
Money in my pocket and you know I want you
I've been busy, got so much work, I can't always be with you
Percocets my system, when I go to sleep I know it's you
When I was in the hospital, I saw you
I know what you feel inside 'cause I feel you
I gotta stay true
My money rain blue
Hennessy and Sailor Moon, I just wanna be with you
I know what your feelings are 'cause I know I feel you
My money rain blue, Hennessy and Sailor Moon

I-I-I love how she dancing, got me fiending for you
You say that you love me, I don't know if it's true
When I go to sleep all I ever see is you
I can be your savior, everything that we've been through
I love how she dancing, got me fiending for you
You say that you love me, I don't know if it's true
When I go to sleep all I ever see is you (All I ever see)
I can be your savior, everything that we've been through

She shouldn't have to ask, whatever she wants
I stay up till dawn, barbed wire on my arm
They wanna see me fall, they wanna see me fall
I don't care at all, I'm a young rockstar
Livin' in the dark, livin' in the dark
Leandoer the God, we've been goin' hard
Ever since she called, I don't have a heart
I went to the stars
What you want from me? I can get it for you
Get-get-get-get-get it for you
You-you-you don't, you don't want me, do you? (Do you?)
You don't want me, do you? (Do you?)
Know what I'll do to you

I-I-I love how she dancing, got me fiending for you (Fiending for you)
You say that you love me, I don't know if it's true (Don't know if it's true)
When I go to sleep all I ever see is you
I can be your savior, everything that we've been through
I love how she dancing, got me fiending for you (Fiending for you)
You say that you love me, I don't know if it's true (Don't know if it's true)
When I go to sleep all I ever see is you
I can be your savior, everything that we've been throughFirst off, I'ma start charging y'all per compliment
You give to me, see how much purse I can earn off of it
As far as bars, you heard wrong if you heard continent
It's incontinence, inconsequent turned sponsorin'
Rockin' a fur smock with some RC and
Go from rockin' a beat to just curb stomping it
Serve consonants hotter than hot combs
And surfin through brown permanent germs that'll jump off of it
Hot dogging with no condiments
Flow proper this show stopper be Bogarting it
Other niggas be going hard, and Early be going artisan
And lick fo' shot of the focus, more talkative
Too talkative, let the robbers in

Off a couple Sake shots
Watching pot grow in short shorts and some soggy Crocs
Shoddy lot of black faces trading body shots
For all of the belongings in your pocket, park it
Hardly not, gnarly tots, nollie pops
Use a bit, it got me; then she buzzin' like a walkie talk
Staying gold like the only watch that Lonny rocks
Grimy socks, you know you don't wanna play with Papa Swamp

So unorthodox
Chillin' with a shaman, eating ramen in a parking lot
I brought a bag of dreams with me, breathe the kundalini in
Exhale the meaning and the feeling of Elysium
Even the reason leavin' 'em lost, lyrical boss, harder than most
So kill me, martyrs at most my Holy ghost
Host a party in 'em, I brought my unruly souven-
Here on her blouse like a "Yours Truly" steel pin
Ether (Ha ha ha); they can't get past the deep voice
Conceived in a Rolls Royce, abortion life, pro choice
Goth hop, put a beanie on pitch bent like a leanin' song
Learn to fly and high at the first sign that I'm dreamin' on
The Force is strong with this one though
Over 9,000 midi-chlorians say so
Really show no mercy, all master, no Percy
Show these little bastards in the journeys of my troubled mind
Saddled by your blasphemy, look at what you found inside now
You can't imagine me, running high the casualty and fucking die
This is why we had to bring the guns out
Rattled neighbors' windows every night until the sun's out
Two dudes, two odd crews with strange leaders
Kitty cats, a couple blunts, my nigga, WangfeederLe-Le-Leandoer
S-Sad Boys
Never
Sad Boys

Ice droppin', red bottom sky
Intrigued by the moment, look like she know why
Ice droppin', red bottom sky
Ice on my feet, I keep slippin' (Slippin' away)
Ice droppin', red bottom sky
Intrigued by the moment, look like she know why
Ice droppin', red bottom sky
Ice on my feet, I keep slippin' (Slippin' away)

Soldiers in the night and we lurkin'
Medieval flowers in my church, we workin'
I'm in the bottomless pit, Silver Surfer surfin'
I lived a thousand lives, but I'm still searchin' (Where they at?)
Broken glass in my hands, sister's twerkin'
Money on the floor and she nervous
Paint a picture like Van Gogh, I'm cursed man
Skrrt skrrt to the moon, bitch, I'm swervin' (Skrrt)
Hit the curve and my shit broke bitch hurtin'
I was down, so deep down but time's turnin' (Darkness on my)
Darkness in my mind, flip the mattress, I got dough (Dough)
Harvest on my line, I live the story I was told (Told)

Ice droppin', red bottom sky
Intrigued by the moment, look like she know why
Ice droppin', red bottom sky
Ice on my feet, I keep slippin' (Slippin' away)
Ice droppin', red bottom sky
Intrigued by the moment, look like she know why
Ice droppin', red bottom sky
Ice on my feet, I keep slippin' (Slippin' away)

I heard shooters on the roof, yeah they tryna shoot ya
I'm in a dark room, candles singin' hallelujah
You think I'm gone too much, well, I think I suit you
You say I'm in my mind too much, well, I know that suits you
I lost everything, only thing I'm scared is to lose you
I heard voices in my head, yeah, they whispered to us
Paranoid, sledgehammer, that's my Ruger
Woke up, realized I had to move up (Leandoer)
Worked my soul away everyday, now my loot up
But the truth is, I wish I never knew us
God of violence, pink dreams in my two cup
I've told you this was gonna end, but I fooled you

Ice droppin', red bottom sky
Intrigued by the moment, look like she know why
Ice droppin', red bottom sky
Ice on my feet, I keep slippin'
Ice droppin', red bottom sky
Intrigued by the moment, look like she know why
Ice droppin', red bottom sky
Ice on my feet, I keep slippin'

Feels like I'm walkin' on water, not wine
Cut off my fingers to touch your smile
Feels like I'm walkin' on water, not wine
Cut off my fingers to touch your smile

Ice droppin', red bottom sky
Intrigued by the moment, look like she know why
Ice droppin', red bottom sky
Ice on my feet, I keep slippin' (Slippin' away)
Ice droppin', red bottom sky
Intrigued by the moment, look like she know why
Ice droppin', red bottom sky
Ice on my feet, I keep slippin'I used to think that I could not go on
And life was nothing but an awful song
But now I know the meaning of true love
I'm leaning on the everlasting arms

If I can see it, then I can do it
If I just believe it, there's nothing to it

I believe I can fly
I believe I can touch the sky
I think about it every night and day
Spread my wings and fly away
I believe I can soar
I see me running through that open door
I believe I can fly
I believe I can fly
I believe I can fly (Woo)

See I was on the verge of breaking down
Sometimes silence can seem so loud
There are miracles in life I must achieve
But first I know it starts inside of me, ho-oh

If I can see it (Woo), then I can be it
If I just believe it, there's nothing to it

I believe I can fly
I believe I can touch the sky
I think about it every night and day
Spread my wings and fly away
I believe I can soar
I see me running through that open door
I believe I can fly
I believe I can fly
Oh I believe I can fly (Woo)

Hey, 'cause I believe in me
Ohhh

If I can see it (Woo), then I can do it (I can do it)
If I just believe it, there's nothing to it (Hey!)

I believe I can fly (Woo!)
I believe I can touch the sky
I think about it every night and day
Spread my wings and fly away
I believe I can soar
I see me running through that open door
I believe I can fly (I can fly)
I believe I can fly (I can fly)
I believe I can fly (I can fly)
Hey, if I just spread my wings (I can fly)
I can fly (I can fly)
I can fly (I can fly)
I can fly, hey (I can fly)
If I just spread my wings (I can fly)
I can fly (I can fly) (I can fly)
(Woo!) (I can fly)

Fly-eye-eyeThe Biggie Duets! (Uhh!)
Jazzy Fizzle, Jagged Edge (Biggie Smalls)
Ladies and gentlemen!

I go on and on and on and
Don't take 'em to the crib unless they bonin
Easy, call 'em on the phone and
Platinum Chanel cologne and
I stay dressed to impress
Spark these bitches interest
Sex is all I expect
If they watch TV in the Lex, they know
They know, quarter past 4
Left the club tipsy, say no mo'
Except how I'm gettin home tomorrow
Cease will drop you off when he see his P.O
Back of my mind I hope she swallow
Man she spilled a drink on my cream Wallows
Reach the gate, hungry just ate
Riffin, she got to be to work by eight
This must mean she ain't tryna wait
Conversate, sex on the first date
I state, "You know what you do to me"
She starts off, "Well I don't usually"
Then I whipped it out, rubber no doubt
Step out, show me what you all about
Fingers in your mouth, open up your blouse
Pull your G-string down South
I threw that back out, in the parking lot
By a Cherokee and a green drop-top
And I don't stop until I squirt
Jeans, skirt, butt-naked - it all work

Gotta love my lil' nasty girl
Know I love my lil' nasty girl
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G
My lil' nasty girl
All my women from around the world
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G

You know I like nasty girls...
I need you to dance, I need you to strip
I need you to shake your lil' ass and hips
I need you to grind like you workin' for tips
And gimme what I need while we listen to Prince
Cause miss you ain't seen the world yet, rocked La Perla yet
Rocked them pearl sets, flew in a pearl jet
My style make a low profile girl smile
Blow a chick back like I blow through a trial (take that)
And now you and me can drink some Hennessy
Then we get it on
Made women wantin' to bone Sean Combs, sippin' on Patron
Speedin' be leanin' got 'em fiendin'
Then when I did it to you throw it right back (right back)
And tell me "Yeah Diddy I like it like that" (like that)
Lift your shirt, you know how I flirt
Heels & skirt let's take it off now let's work (LETS WORK!)

Gotta love my lil' nasty girl
Know I love my lil' nasty girl
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G
My lil' nasty girl
All my women from around the world
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G

J-E & B-I-G (what! what!)
Got the keys from Diddy (uh! uh!)
We're a Man lookin' no stress
Meet us upstairs in ya best, yes!
Dress, to impress, spark this bitch's interest
Jazzy on the beat so sweet
Ladies if ya feel me grab ya titties for B-I-G

Okay ma, what's ya preference? (Whats ya preference?)
Nice and slow or fast and reckless (Fast and reckless)
Pull your hair girl, bite cha necklace! (Oh, yeah)
Lemme show you what a nigga from the Lou' is blessed with (hey!)
I make ya sprang a leak
When I'm done flip the mattress change the sheets (gotta change 'em)
I'm like the radical one
I vibrate a lil' more than your mechanical one
From yo' titties to ya thong
Either way mama I'mma make you do what it do
Girl I'm about to make you cum
Guaranteed when you fuckin wit me, girl
'Cause I'll go on and on and on
On and on and on (You hear me? Oh!)
On and on
Ladies if you feel me, grab them thangs for Biggie

Gotta love my lil' nasty girl
Know I love my lil' nasty girl
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G
My lil' nasty girl
All the women from around the world
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G
Gotta love my lil' nasty girl
Know I love my lil' nasty girl
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G
My lil' nasty girl
All the women from around the world
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G

Ladies & gentlemen you are now in tune into the very best
Jazzy Fizzle... Nelly man, Jagged Edge
The Notorious... NOTORIOUS! B-I-G
THE BIGGIE DUETS! NOTORIOUS!
BAD BOY! SHO NUFF SHO NUFF!
NOTORIOUS!
NOTORIOUS!
Ladies & Gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen...
LET'S GO!
LET'S GO!
LET'S GO!
LET'S GO! hey hey hey heyCatch a feelin' for me
Catch a feelin' for me
Catch a feelin' for my lifestyle (Feelin' for my lifestyle)
Poppin' pills for free
Poppin' pills for free
Pop that pussy for me right now (Right now)
Leanin' back in my seat
Leanin' back in my seat
Got me thinkin' bout my life now (Life now)
I wish that I could see you right now (Right now)
Bury me with all the lights out

Woke up surprised
Am I really alive?
I was trying to die last night, survived suicide last night
Woke up surprised
Am I really alive?
I was tryin' to die last night, survived suicide last night

Catch a feelin' for me
Catch a feelin' for me
Catch a feelin' for my lifestyle (Feelin' for my lifestyle)
Poppin' pills for free
Poppin' pills for free
Pop that pussy for me right now (Right now)
Leanin' back in my seat
Leanin' back in my seat
Got me thinkin' bout my life now (Life now)
I wish that I could see you right now (Right now)
Bury me with all the lights out

Woke up surprised
Am I really alive?
I was trying to die last night, survived suicide last night
Woke up surprised
Am I really alive?
I was trying to die last night, survived suicide last night

Everything you say about me
All I ever think about
Every time I hear your name it
Makes me wanna fuckin' shout
Everything you say about me
All I ever think about
Every time I hear your name it
Makes me wanna fuckin' shout
I can't feel the tension, we know
We can't feel the tension, I know
You can't feel the tension, let's just
Run away forever, let's just

Catch a feeling for me
Catch a feeling for me
Catch a feeling for my lifestyle (Feelin' for my lifestyle)
Poppin' pills for free (Poppin' pills for free)
Pop that pussy for me right now (Right now)I hit the club with all my ice on
I turn the lights on
My tool on me
Who this nigga staring at my jewelry
Gang with me
Bang with me
We start shooting in the club
If you scared to tote a gun, you can't hang with me
Run up in yo bitch house
Where them kilos?
Got some bald headed Mexicans
Shout out my Migos
I knock on a nigga door, shoot him through the peep hole
I just knocked a nigga out, what he was mugging me for?
Nun but killers in my squad, don't make call up Tito
Young nigga, but is extorting niggas like I'm Debo
They ain't let me in with this pole, they should've searched me at the door
This nigga blood on my shoe, we stomped a nigga in the floor
Say ya love me baby, whats the meanin of that shit?
I don't drink codeine, I ain't with that leaning and shit
Got a new tool, put a red beam on that bitch
Never wife a bitch, I never bought a ring for a bitch
You gone make me pull up on yo motherfuckin block
Get to clappin
I shoot yo ass, 187 fuck this rap shit
Tec-9's, AR-15's, and a MAC 10
Im out west, where we gang bang and kidnap shit
Its shooters in yo house, bitch, since you wanna sneak diss
On the internet
Twitter beef
Nigga tweet this
9, I run up on yo ass from behind
Are ya lackin? bullets hit yo ass in yo spine
Boy Ya Actin, ya get caught in that jam, and drop a dime
Bitch was givin my mans top, while i was hittin her from behind
This that street shit, call foe nem, we on that heat shit
Hot shit
Pull up on yo block, then drop shit
We pop shit
I'm Robbin jeans saggin, i ain't with all of that Rocks shit
My tooley come
Call my gun connect, he bring me stupid Glocks
Stupid watch
Filled with stupid diamonds
I dont even know what time it is
I barely know where my mind is
No time to waste, these bullets gone hit yo face
Gone make me catch a case
Young nigga with felonies
Couldn't stay with my OG, she was on section 8
No Discriminate we pull up on yo block
And then kill any race
Mini man, Im yelling many man
4nem jump out that mini van

I fell off in the club with some thugs
And the semi tucked
Heard you want a war with a thug, you ain't hood enough
I fuck a nigga up, paramedics gotta pick him up
She say she wanna fuck with a thug, cause my money up
I fell off in the club with some thugs
And the semi tucked
Heard you want a war with a thug, you ain't hood enough
I fuck a nigga up, paramedics gotta pick him up
She say she wanna fuck with a thug, cause my money up

You don't wanna get caught in the street
Chest full of lead, and a head full of heat
Whats with all this twitter beef? we can meet
Give a fuck, imma see ya on the streets
You better run, boi we do this shit for fun
You'd be smart if you go and buy a gun
I got a fucked up attitude, very rude
Say its beef, now I'm shooting up a school
I lay that murder game down, I'm a fool
I'm a rapper but don't get this shit confused
That boy don't wanna use his head, he gone lose
Then i shoot him and that bitch with this Uzi
Red Beams everywhere
Bullets flyin everywhere
Better run nigga, move it
I kick a nigga door in, shooters on the low end
Call em up and they shootin
This stupid bitch tryna fool me
We got enough clips in this bitch to shoot a movie
Cops in my rear view, flashing through the traffic
Kill yo mans, he tried to testify, catch his ass in traffic
Nigga get yo rolls up
Nigga get yo poles up
Young wild niggas
They gone bring the poles up
You ain't gang nigga
You dont bang nigga
You dont slang
We gone hit yo block
We gone find out where you hang, Dangling

I fell off in the club with some thugs
And the semi tucked
Heard you want a war with a thug, you ain't hood enough
I fuck a nigga up, paramedics gotta pick him up
She say she wanna fuck with a thug, cause my money up
I fell off in the club with some thugs
And the semi tucked
Heard you want a war with a thug, you ain't hood enough
I fuck a nigga up, paramedics gotta pick him up
She say she wanna fuck with a thug, cause my money upI was at Coachella, leanin' on your shoulder
Watchin' your husband swing in time
I guess I was in it, 'cause, baby, for a minute
It was Woodstock in my mind
In the next mornin', they put out the warnin'
Tensions were rising over country lines
I turned off the music, tried to sit and use it
All of the love that I saw that night

'Cause what about all these children
And what about all their parents?
And what about all their crowns they wear
In hair so long like mine?
And what about all their wishes wrapped up like garland roses
Round their little heads?
I said a prayer for a third time

I'd trade it all for a stairway to heaven (A stairway, stairway to heaven)
I'd take my time for the climb up to the top of it (A stairway)
I'd trade the fame and the fortune and the legend (A stairway)
I'd give it all away if you give me just one day to ask him one question
I'd give it all away if you give me just one day to ask him one question

I was at Coachella, leaning on your shoulder
Watching your husband swing and shine
I'd say he was hella cool to win them over
Critics can be so mean sometimes
He was on his knees and I thought he was breaking 'em down
With his words and his voice divine
Doesn't take a genius to know what you've got going
And to not wanna lose it 'cause they lost their minds

What about all these children and all their children's children
And why am I even wondering that today?
Maybe my contribution could be as small as hoping
That words could turn to birds and birds would send my thoughts your way

I'd trade it all for a stairway to heaven (A stairway, stairway to heaven)
I'd take my time for the climb up to the top of it (A stairway)
I'd trade the fame and the fortune and the legend (A stairway)
I'd give it all away if you give me just one day to ask him one question
I'd give it all away if you give me just one day to ask him one question

A stairway, stairway to heaven
A stairway
Got a million things I wanna say
Like, what's it all for? Will it be okay?
Million things I wanna say
Like, what's it all for?
Stairway, stairway to heaven
Stairway
Stairway, stairway to heaven
StairwayI'm leanin' right now
Got to be a bitch with ass, BWA
How you know us, we don't even know your name
It's marijuana time
I'm leanin' right now
Nina on me now don't make me bring that .40 out
What you talking 'bout don't make me bring that choppa out
I'm leanin' right now

A lot of niggas flexing, say they know 100it gang
But how you know us and we don't know your name
Light it up, it's marijuana time
Pour it up, I'm leanin right now
Shorty super fine and I just wanna dick her down
Bring me the pussy I'mma kill it from behind
Light it up, it's marijuana time
Pour it up, I'm leanin right now

Got a bad bitch in Lafayette, and like 50 grand on that fuck shit
B.G.'s and VSA's, give 'em the word they gon' bust quick
Niggas throwing water cause they know they watered down
(Brookstown) With more bread than dough right now
Lingo, what up? (Yo) What up? (I go) dumb (and) retawdid' (What else?)
Know its got a name, (But what?) don't know what to call it
2 and a 16 ounce Sprite, I'm leaning right now
My phone be going dumb and that bitch ringing right now
Pull up in them ghosts (runny runny)
Me and Mozzy Floats
Half pound of loud running off at the mouth, shorty need some culture
Car full of killers, bout they business, tinted windows, in Toyota Corollas
Play with me or Nook, Gutta and Boobie ain't gon' stop unloading

A lot of niggas flexing, say they know 100it gang
But how you know us and we don't know your name
Light it up, it's marijuana time
Pour it up, I'm leanin right now
Shorty super fine and I just wanna dick her down
Bring me the pussy I'mma kill it from behind
Light it up, it's marijuana time
Pour it up, I'm leanin right now

Hey bro look, look over there (I see) She want, me
Her booty like a joystick, Nintendo... WII!
With Percyalago, in a Maserati
Jet Life out his body, beat it, Brasi!
People get behind me I ain't slowing or I'm going, I'mma cum all on ya first for I even pull out
Video coming on MTV, I don't really give a fuck, long as every hood know it
Hashtag BMTP, bring me the pussy and bring ID
Not the average girl from the videos, bumping India Arie
If you pussy, change the subject, paparazzi
Caught me tongue kissing a pint while out in public, caught me
Got to be a bitch with ass to be BWA
Can't fuck with bartender Cherrish cause, that ho pussy stank

A lot of niggas flexing, say they know 100it gang
But how you know us and we don't know your name
Light it up, it's marijuana time
Pour it up, I'm leanin right now
Shorty super fine and I just wanna dick her down
Bring me the pussy I'mma kill it from behind
Light it up, it's marijuana time
Pour it up, I'm leanin right now

I'm cryin' "shame", nigga main line wanna fuck with Luca Brasi
Every time we around each other I can feel her eyes watching
My Roley game time give a Colorado rocky
Met a freak from Denver called her freaky Colorado
Pussy ooh, juicier than sushi with no avocado
And I don't do insecure and he don't want her for the motto
What it do, Bailey's Irish Cream, drinking out the bottle
She get loose, like drinking chocolate martini moscatto
Pouring juice, lick it off her nipples in love what I got her
Told her crew, freaky things we do, now they wanna holla
Confused, but what's it to you? On twitter they follow
Stuck my tongue all in her ass this nigga go in like all the way in you alreadyDrums Please!

Summer, summer, summertime
Time to sit back and unwind

Here it is the groove slightly transformed
Just a bit of a break from the norm
Just a little somethin' to break the monotony
Of all that hardcore dance that has gotten to be
A little bit out of control it's cool to dance
But what about the groove that soothes that moves romance
Give me a soft subtle mix
And if ain't broke then don't try to fix it
And think of the summers of the past
Adjust the bass and let the Alpine blast
Pop in my CD and let me run a rhyme
And put your car on cruise and lay back 'cause this is summertime

Summer, summer, summertime
Time to sit back and unwind

School is out and it's a sort of a buzz
But back then I didn't really know what it was
But now I see what have of this
The way that people respond to summer madness
The weather is hot and girls are dressin' less
And checkin' out the fellas to tell 'em who's best
Riding around in your Jeep or your Benzos
Or in your Nissan sittin' on Lorenzos
Back in Philly we be out in the park
A place called the Plateau is where everybody goes
Guys out huntin' and girls doin' likewise
Honkin' at the honey in front of you with the light eyes
She turn around to see what you beepin' at
It's like the summer's a natural aphrodisiac
And with a pen and pad I compose this rhyme
To hip you and to get you equipped for the summertime

Summer, summer, summertime
Time to sit back and unwind

It's late in the day and I ain't been on the court yet
Hustle to the mall to get me a short set
Yeah I got on sneaks but I need a new pair
Cause basketball courts in the summer got girls there
The temperature's about 88
Hop in the water plug just for old times sake
Break to ya crib change your clothes once more
Cause you're invited to a barbecue that's startin' at 4
Sittin' with your friends cause y'all reminisce
About the days growin' up and the first person you kiss
And as I think back makes me wonder how
The smell from a grill could spark up nostalgia
All the kids playin' out front
Little boys messin' round with the girls playing double-dutch
While the DJ's spinnin' a tune as the old folks dance at your family reunion
Then six o'clock rolls around
You just finished wipin' your car down
It's time to cruise so you go to the summertime hangout
It looks like a car show
Everybody come lookin' real fine
Fresh from the barber shop or fly from the beauty salon
Every moment frontin' and maxin'
Chillin' in the car they spent all day waxin'
Leanin' to the side but you can't speed through
Two miles an hour so everybody sees you
There's an air of love and of happiness
And this is the Fresh Prince's new definition of summer madness
 repeated till it fade out
Summer, summer, summertime
Time to sit back and unwindDJ Swift on the track
My mama always told me 'bout that water, boy
Dubba-AA flexin'
She said, "Boy that water deep, boy don't get in that water"
I still got in that water
This is the sound

My mama always told me 'bout that water
And I said, "Okay ma, I'm just gon' put my feet in"
I'm sorry ma, I got right in that water
I ain't never notice I was going deep in
Lately I've been working overnight
I can't party on the weekends
Like, why the hell you even in my life?
Tell me what's your real reason
I pulled up, drop my ceiling
I'm catchin' flights, you catchin' feelings
My diamonds wet, her pussy leaking
Ran up a check, then went to Neiman's

Like a kickstand I'm in here leaning
Them crackers let me out, swear it feel like I'm dreaming
Michael Jackson, yeah, that case I beat it
Fuck them hard slabs, now I sleep on Tempur-Pedic
I'm going hard 'cause my family need me
Mama said if I believe it, I can achieve it
Can't trust these niggas, they misleading
Can't trust these hoes, they so deceiving
I let him eat then he got greedy
I need a lifeguard, I'm in the deep end
I told that bitch I'm never leaving
I'm outta here, I'm going to Venus
My mama always told me, I ain't listen
So now I'm dealing with the consequences
I dive right in that water, went to swimming
Gotta watch out for these niggas, they be fishing

My mama always told me about that water
And I said, "Okay ma, I'm just gon' put my feet in"
I'm sorry ma, I got right in that water
I ain't never notice I was going deep in
Lately I've been working overnight
I can't party on the weekends
Like, Why the hell you even in my life?
Tell me what's your real reason
I pulled up, drop my ceiling
I'm catchin' flights, you catchin' feelings
My diamonds wet, her pussy leaking
Ran up a check, then went to Neiman's

Down on my ass, I had to get my feet in
They had told me change my ways but I ain't wanna listen
I looked my son in his eyes, I can't fail my mission
I say my prayers and tote my thang, I know they wanna kill me
Wake up in the morning, ain't got none' to eat
I had to man up to get on my feet
I go to Bay just to fuck with KD
Can't even swim but I'm deep in that sea
Got my first gun and I ain't pay a thing
Since I was young I've been slanging that heat
It be some massacres right on my street
It be some massacres right on my street
Remember they ain't gave me shit when I ain't had nothing
They want my spot but fuck them niggas, I'm focused on money
On everything, she say she love me I know she don't love me
3Three ain't round for to watch me, think I'm feeling something
My momma told me stack my M's, told me watch my homies
But I ain't listen Joe got shot, and he told on me
My uncle told me they ain't right, all them niggas phony
Can't lose it all for somebody who don't care about you

My mama always told me about that water
And I said, "Okay ma, I'm just gon' put my feet in"
I'm sorry ma, I got right in that water
I ain't never notice I was going deep in
Lately I've been working overnight
I can't party on the weekends
Like, Why the hell you even in my life?
Tell me what's your real reason
I pulled up, drop my ceiling
I'm catchin' flights, you catchin' feelings
My diamonds wet, her pussy leaking
Ran up a check, then went to Neiman'sMy arms are always open, your fears always rollin'
In the deep, and you can't control it
What you want, what you want? Emotion?
My arms are always open, your fears always rollin'
In the deep, and you can't control it
What you want, what you want? Emotion?

I need to step out with no frustration
I need a permanent getaway vacation
They got a permanent hit list, my nigga
A million reasons to get rich, my nigga
50 did it right

I could've been homeless
I thought I moved to orphanage for the summer
I could've been homeless
Before I had a goal, I had a course

A million reasons to get rich, my nigga
A million reasons to get rich, my nigga
A million reasons to get rich, my nigga
Nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga

My people still dry snitchin' whenever they touch the mic
That's what happens when a therapist isn't somewhere in sight
Take flight, never leaned to the left, or the right
'Cause they turn the other cheek when our niggas start to die
When our women start to die, when our children start to die
I don't feel their empathy, we been displaced too many times
Every summer in the city start to feel like Columbine
'Cause you gotta get yours, and I gotta get mine
One time for the paragons of the paradigm
When you underground, they gon' only try to undermine
Use the track as a gymnasium to get into the stadium
You couldn't match my alien, I'm glowing like uranium

One time for the— one time—
One time— nigga, one time— nigga
One time— nigga, one t—
Nigga (Yes) nigga, nigga (Yes)
A million reasons to get rich, my nigga
50 did it right, 50 did it right (Yes)
Wish I could call every successful black rapper for advice
How the fuck do I make this shit last my whole life? (Yes)
What if they don't want to come to the concert tonight? (Yes)
 (Yes)
Nigga (Yes) nigga, nigga (Yes) nigga

(Oh) Tuggin' on my pinky ring (Yes)
Smelling like chrysanthemum
(Honestly, I just want that) (Yes)
I just want that, I just want that, I just want that, I just want that
(Oh) Tuggin' on my pinky ring (Yes)
Smelling like chrysanthemum
(Honestly, I just want that)  (Yes)
I just want that, I just want that, I just want that, I just want that
(Just give me what I need)
(Oh) Tuggin' on my pinky ring (Yes)
Smelling like chrysanthemum
(Honestly, I just want that) (Yes)
I just want that, I just want that, I just want that, I just want that
All my jewelry, and all my niggas (Yes)
All my jewelry, and all my niggas got that, yeah  (Yes, yes)

Ooh, ooh (Yes, yes)
And you know I got it (Yes)
Just give me what I need (Yes, yes)since feeling is first
who pays any attention
to the syntax of things
will never wholly kiss you;
wholly to be a fool
while Spring is in the world
my blood approves
and kisses are a better fate
than wisdom
lady i swear by all flowers. Don't cry
—the best gesture of my brain is less than
your eyelids' flutter which says
we are for each other: then
laugh, leaning back in my arms
for life's not a paragraph
and death i think is no parenthesisJag har skrivit ditt namn på en spegel med läppstift
Och jag vet det låter klyschigt
Och du har ritat ett hjärta på spegel med läppstift
Men nu faller vi helt fritt, Uh
För du sa att mitt stjärntecken var ett problem för vi båda var dragna till drama
Men jag tror inte astrologi är den saken som fick oss och dala
För du frågade om jag dör för dig
Men baby jag vill leva nu
Och det är 02:00
Och du ringer non-stop
Och vi gör det som förut

Och du kan catcha mig i sängen gör ba' grejer som hon älskar nu
You took my breath away, vill ändå aldrig andas ut

Du var min Mandy Moore, Mandy Moore
Och jag går tillbaks för ofta fast vår kärlek är på låtsas
Du min Mandy Moore
Du min Mandy Moore
Alla tårar har jag torkat när mitt hjärta blivit krossat

Jag ser bara gyllende portar
På huvudet sitter en gloria
I mina ögon så finns en historia
Den sista förloraren har nog den fulaste kronan
Så snurra min flaska igen
Sanning på sanning, det blir konsekvens
Älskar det stökiga i våran cell
Den brukar va' grå men den lyser ikväll
Och rött är så vackert
Så blodet ja' blöder det droppar i timmar ibland
Och rött är så vackert
Jag gör vad som helst
Jag kan köpa dig rosor i plast

Så catcha mig i sängen gör ba' grejer som hon älskar nu
You took my breath away, vill ändå aldrig andas ut

Du var min Mandy Moore, Mandy Moore
Och jag går tillbaks för ofta fast vår kärlek är på låtsas
Du min Mandy Moore
Du min Mandy Moore
Alla tårar har jag torkat när mitt hjärta blivit krossat

If we're talking 'bout someone who's never been upfront, we should be talking about you
Well I'm gonna be upfront now, I'm not over you

En akilles häl och en ängel
En explosion och min låga
Min första kyss i regnet
Och den enda som fått mig att komma
Mitt bästa sex och mitt enda ex och mitt andetag och vårt nederlag
Kritiker står där på bion idag
Recensionen är bra
Jag får gåshud när jag ser dig nu
Och hur mår du när allt är diffust?
Catcha mig för sista gången så att vi kan andas ut

Du var min Mandy Moore, Mandy Moore
Och jag går tillbaks för ofta fast vår kärlek är på låtsas
Du min Mandy Moore
Du min Mandy Moore
Alla tårar har jag torkat när mitt hjärta blivit krossat

Why don't you just be honest with me and tell me which hand you're leaning towards?
HisGambino: Yeah, where'd you guys go?
Girls: To where, In Atlanta?
Strip Club Queen: When I used to live here, I was the strip club queen
Fam: Wait, wait, so what's up with Follies? Like lemme know
Strip Club Queen: Follies is my favorite strip club ever, in Atlanta
Gambino: Follies is the realest
Strip Club Queen: I swear to god-Follies is the realest, more-so because they have international bitches in there, you got bitches from Cambodia, you got bitches from fucking Italy, you got bitches from fucking Africa, you got bitches from...Kansas, you got bitches from everywhere in Follies

Situations will arise, in our lives
But you gotta be smart about it
Celebrations, with the guys
I sacrificed, 'cause you could not sleep without it
Girl I, 'cause I loved you
You were my girl
See I, thought the world of you
But so you know
You don't have to call baby no
'Cause I'mma be alright tonight
You don't have to call baby no
I'mma be alright tonight

I mean
I waited, and waited, and waited
For that phone call
And then I served you what she was asking for
Nah, you ain't gotta make that call now
Stone Mountain, yeah, you started running that thing after us

(Don't you ever go away)
We are very rare
(Please don't leave me girl)
10% of a foster home trying to Cinderella this shit
This melanin pit they placed us in and said get out
(I always knew baby)
No blueprint, hell's cruise ship
(You don't have to call, just text me)
Took him and her, who made him and her
Who made him and her who made her
Who ran away from the south at 14 pregnant
Who made her who came back to the south
Atlanta, Georgia who made me
Funny hairline, white name
Blonde dreads, African name , both of our parents
Original black hippies, so what?
(Deep inside, I'm deep inside your heart)
(Please don't call me girl)
Little 5 points to Avondale to Stone Crest
You out in Lithonia though
But fuck that, I'm a high class nigga
I catch you out at Lenox
Nah fuck that, I'm looking for hoes at Atlantic Station
Nah fuck that, I'm at South DeKalb Mall
Really in the parking lot, leaning on some broke niggas Camry
The pic you sent last night says you really with the shits
(You wanna go, you know where i am)
My leather passenger seat exhales
Wasn't ready for all that
'Cause it's not me
I mean who is right?
(I just wanna die, i just wanna die, inside of your love)
I'mma take you to Tongue & Groove
There's $20 to wear my hat inside
I give em $100 and tell em to pay forward for the niggas behind me
They playing Jeezy like that shit came out yesterday
Thug motivation, I was never a thug and they used to respect me for it
But now the game's fucked up and I gotta Michael Corleone these niggas
Quiet, confident, I talked to her
She came with you, but she left with me
And now she's in the passenger seat
So, where we going?
Just away (Away, away, away, away)
Which leaves you standing there thinking
You don't have to call, baby09, we tote; my niggas ain't no joke
And we keep them blows, so please don't get smoked
Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smoked
Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smoked

I'm rollin', all my niggas rollin'
30 clip and them hollow tips have his ass sitting in Roseland
Rollin' off a pill , pussies better chill
My niggas in the field; you might get killed
Pancake-ass nigga, I keep that shit real
40 hit his face, BBQ his ass like a grill
Y'all niggas ain't real, lame niggas get killed
I'm here for real; I'm doing this for real
I'm finna get on, finna do another song
Bitch calling my phone, leave me alone
I'm trying to bone, then pass it to lil bro
Then leave that bitch, tell that ho, "So long"
Different colored shirts, rolling up that purp
Leaning off that hurt, so please don't get murked
Girls lifting they shirts, Gucci Truey shirts
Polo wear and crop shirts, my bitch she'll twerk

09, we tote; my niggas ain't no joke
And we keep them blows, so please don't get smoked
Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smoked
Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smoked
09, we tote; my niggas ain't no joke
And we keep them blows, so please don't get smoked
Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smoked
Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smoked
Corlay RIP him, Darnell RIP him
If you disrespect them, then you gone meet them
My niggas rollin', four-seater; that bitch going, she a eater
She was a good girl, I turned her to a eater
Hit squad move up band, yea nigga want free bands
30 clip and them hollow tips make him do the running man
Glock 40 I'm thumpin man, I'm rolling with my hitters
I'll send my hitters out to go get you
Hella band, hella band, hit the club throwing hella bands
Heavy load, throwing hella band, in the club doing the money dance
Hella band, hella band, hit the club throwing hella bands
Heavy load, throwing hella band, in the club doing the money dance
Niggas talking shit in the club, he better watch his self
Melly got the 30 on his hip, he gone need some help
I'm a gangster, nigga, and I could do this shit my fucking self
Pistol to his melon; it ain't gone be nothing left

09, we tote; my niggas ain't no joke
And we keep them blows, so please don't get smoked
Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smoked
Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smoked
09, we tote; my niggas ain't no joke
And we keep them blows, so please don't get smoked
Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smoked
Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smokedSeasons changing, summer starts to leave
Autumn falls on me, fall, winter, and spring
80 degrees, warmin' up for me
I fell deep, sun ain't have to leave
Open my eyes and see
We will float over water, leaning into shore
As we make our nirvana, sacred, so pure
Lift up the child, I know we will

I chose not to be a slave
Dropped the Wave Runners, now we run the wave
Like we ain't have all the hood rats in Mud Rats
Like you ain't had 'em, good stats and all that
Nobody gon' ruin me
I just called my wife up, let's get Hoover free
I put all my ice up and my Louis V
I just copped my momma crib, I'm back over East
Let me get your ear like Holyfield
From the home of Soldier Field
Coming home, that’s how a soldier feels
All that killing over, that's just overkill
Yeezy back in the Chi, this that Oprah feel

Seasons changing, summer starts to leave
Autumn falls on me, fall, winter, and spring
80 degrees, warmin' up for me
I fell deep, sun ain't have to leave
Open my eyes and see
We will float over water, leaning into shore
As we make our nirvana, sacred, so pure
Lift up the child, I know we will


Seasons changing, summer starts to leave
Autumn falls on me, fall, winter, and spring
80 degrees, warmin' up for me
I fell deep, sun ain't have to leave
Open my eyes and see
We will float over water, leaning into shore
As we make our nirvana, sacred, so pure
Lift up the child, I know we willAin't no way to explain or say
How painful the hangover was today
In front of the toilet, hands and knees
Trying to breathe in between the dry heaves
My baby made me some coffee
Afraid that if I drink some it's probably coming right back out me
Couple of advil, relax and chill
At a standstill with how bad I feel
I think I need to smell fresh air
So I stepped out the back door and fell down the stairs
The sunlight hit me dead in the eye
Like it's mad that I gave half the day to last night
My bad sight made me trip on my ass, right into that patch of grass like that's life
All of a sudden, I realize something
The weather is amazing, even the birds are bumpin
Stood up and took a look and a breath
And there's that bike that I forgot that I possessed
Never really seen exercise as friendly
But I think something's telling me to ride that 10 speed
The brakes are broken, it's alright
The tires got air and the chain seems tight
Hopped on and felt the summertime
It reminds me of one of them Musab lines like

Sunshine, sunshine, it's fine
I feel it in my skin, warming up my mind
Sometimes you gotta give in to win
I love the days when it shines, whoah let it shine
Sunshine, sunshine, it's fine
I feel it in my skin, warming up my mind
Sometimes you gotta give in to win
I love the days when it shines, whoah let it shine
Sunshine, sunshine, it's fine
I feel it in my skin, warming up my mind
Sometimes you gotta give in to win
I love the days when it shines, whoah let it shine
Sunshine, sunshine, it's fine
I feel it in my skin, warming up my mind
Sometimes you gotta give in to win
I love the days when it shines, whoah let it shine

If I could I would keep this feeling in a plastic jar
Bust it out whenever someone's actin hard
Settle down, barbeque in the backyard
The kids get treats and old folks get classic cars
Every day that gets to pass is a success
And every woman looks better in a sun dress
The sunshine's an excuse to shoot hoops, get juice
Show improve their moves and let loose
I hear voices, I see smiles to match em
Good times and you can feel it in the fashion
Even though the heat cooks up the action
The streets still got butterflies
Enough kids to catch 'em
Ridin my bike around these lakes man
Feelin like I finally figured out my escape plan
Take it all and the day started off all wrong
Somehow now that hangover is all gone
Ain't nothing like the sound of the leaves
When the breeze penetrates these southside trees
Leanin' up against one, watchin the vibe
Forgettin' all about the stress, thanking god I'm alive
It's so simple, I had to keep the song simple
When I get home I'm gonna open all the windows
Feelin' all right, stopped at a stop sign
A car pulled up, bumpin Fresh Prince's Summertime
Summer summers fine
Feel it in my skin, warming up my mind
Sometimes you gotta give in to win
I love the days when it shines, woah let it shine
Woah let it shine
Woah let it shine
Woah let it shine
Woah let itAh, ooh
I hit the bitch from the back and she like, "Ah, ooh," ayy
Hold up, baby, ah, ooh (Ooh)
I hit the bitch from the back and she like, "Ah, ooh," ayy
Hold up, baby, ah, ooh
I hit the bitch from the back and she like, "Ah, ooh," ayy (Hit that bitch from the back)
Hold up, baby, ah, ooh
I hit the bitch from the back and she like, "Ah, ooh," ayy

1400 Gang, bitch, I keep me some shooters
My chain shine hard like your momma medulla
I'm stoned up in the club, bitch, I feel like Medusa
You talk down, yeah, pussy boy, I'ma shoot you
I'm a gorilla, ayy
Yeah, big bank, I'm about my skrilla, ayy
Yeah, I'm gettin' all this money, big drug-dealer, ayy
Trippie Redd, bitch, know I'm with the fitted, ayy
Oh yeah, bitch, I'm really in the villainy
Huh, yeah, all the money (Big money)
Throwin' all the money (Big racks)
Throwin' all the hundreds, yeah (Big racks, ayy)
Throwin' all the money
Throwin' all the hundreds, yeah

Hold up, baby, ah, ooh
I hit the bitch from the back and she like, "Ah, ooh," ayy
Hold up, baby, ah, ooh
I hit the bitch from the back and she like, "Ah, ooh," ayy
Hold up, baby, ah, ooh (Ooh)
I hit the bitch from the back and she like, "Ah, ooh," ayy (Ooh)
Hold up, baby, ah, ooh (Ooh)
I hit the bitch from the back and she like, "Ah, ooh," ayy

I just fuck 'em, I dub 'em
No kissin', no lovin' (Ooh)
Y'all bitches is buggin', my niggas savage, they thuggin' (Yeah, squad)
You run up, we bustin'
We not with the fuck shit (Ooh)
We pull up to function and air it out, no discussion (Yeah)
Y'all thought I was screamin'
I laugh, I'm the demon (Ayy)
I pop me a bean, now I'm cool and I'm leanin' (Scum Gang)

Hold up, baby, ah, ooh
I hit the bitch from the back and she like, "Ah, ooh," ayy
Hold up, baby, ah, ooh
I hit the bitch from the back and she like, "Ah, ooh," ayy
Hold up, baby, ah, ooh (Ayy)
I hit the bitch from the back and she like, "Ah, ooh," ayy (Ayy)
Hold up, baby, ah, ooh (Ooh)
I hit the bitch from the back and she like, "Ah, ooh," ayy

Ooh (Yeah), ooh (Ayy)
Ooh (What?), she like, "Ooh" (Yeah)
Ooh (What?), ooh (Yeah)
Ooh (What?), she like, "Ooh" (Yeah)
Ooh (Dig), ooh (Look)
Ooh (Ayy), she like, "Ooh" (Check)
Ooh (Dig), ooh
Ooh, she like, "Ooh"

Hit from the back and that bitch is like, "Ooh" (Beat it up)
Screamin' my name, fuckin' the ho from the back
And you know she gon' grab on my, ooh (Beat it up)
And you know Uno gon' swool with the loot
Ooh (What? Yeah), ooh (What? What?)
Ooh (What? Huh?), ooh (What?)
Ooh, ooh (Huh? Huh?)
Ooh, ooh (Ayy, what?)
My chain don't go around (Yeah)
These hoes go around (Yeah)
They on go right now (Mess around, yeah)
I don't know about now (Yeah)
Say she wanna fuck me on my floor right now (Now)
She bow down to me and she blow me right now (Now)
That's your ho right now
That's my ho right now (Right now)
That's your side of town (Town)
That's my side of town (Yeah)
Nigga run up on me, I should blow him right now (Brrat)
Hit it from the back and watch that ho act out (Bang, hey, hey, hey, ooh, hey)

Hold up, baby, ah, ooh (Ooh)
I hit the bitch from the back and she like, "Ah, ooh," ayy (Ayy, ooh)
Hold up, baby, ah, ooh (Bitch from the back)
I hit the bitch from the back, the back (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
I hit the bitch from the back, ayy
(Bust it wide open)
She like, "Ah, ooh," ayy
(Bust it wide open)
She like, "Ah, ooh," oh, ayy
(Bust it wide open, bust it wide open)
Ayy, bitch
(Baby, get up in it, ayy)
(Mushy like macaroni and cheese, ayy, ayy, ayy)
(All up in it, ayy, ayy, ayy)
(Hit that bitch from the back, ugh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh)
(Haha, that's how I fuck your bitch)The pale moon rose in its glory
Out o'er the Western town
She told a sad, sad story
Of the great ship that went down

T'was the fourteenth day of April
Over the waves she rode
Sailing into tomorrow
To a gilded age foretold

The night was black with starlight
The seas were sharp and clear
Moving through the shadows
The promised hour was near

Lights were holding steady
Gliding over the foam
All the lords and ladies
Heading for their eternal home

The chandeliers were swaying
From the balustrades above
The orchestra was playing
Songs of faded love

The watchman, he lay dreaming
As the ballroom dancers twirled
He dreamed the Titanic was sinking
Into the underworld

Leo took his sketchbook
He was often so inclined
He closed his eyes and painted
The scenery in his mind

Cupid struck his bosom
And broke it with a snap
The closest woman to him
He fell into her lap

He heard a loud commotion
Something sounded wrong
His inner spirit was saying
That he couldn't stand here long

He staggered to the quarterdeck
No time now to sleep
Water on the quarterdeck
Already three foot deep

Smokestack was leaning sideways
Heavy feet began to pound
He walked into the whirlwind
Sky splitting all around

The ship was going under
The universe had opened wide
The roll was called up yonder
The angels turned aside

Lights down in the hallway
Flickering dim and dull
Dead bodies already floating
In the double bottom hull

The engines then exploded
Propellers they failed to start
The boilers overloaded
The ship's bow split apart

Passengers were flying
Backward, forward, far and fast
They mumbled, fumbled, and tumbled
Each one more weary than the last

The veil was torn asunder
'Tween the hours of twelve and one
No change, no sudden wonder
Could undo what had been done

The watchman lay there dreaming
At forty-five degrees
He dreamed that the Titanic was sinking
Dropping to her knees

Wellington he was sleeping
His bed began to slide
His valiant heart was beating
He pushed the tables aside

Glass of shattered crystal
Lay scattered roundabout
He strapped on both his pistols
How long could he hold out?

His men and his companions
Were nowhere to be seen
In silence there he waited for
Time and space to intervene

The passageway was narrow
There was blackness in the air
He saw every kind of sorrow
Heard voices everywhere

Alarm-bells were ringing
To hold back the swelling tide
Friends and lovers clinging
To each other side by side

Mothers and their daughters
Descending down the stairs
Jumped into the icy waters
Love and pity sent their prayers

The rich man, Mister Astor
Kissed his darling wife
He had no way of knowing
Be the last trip of his life

Calvin, Blake, and Wilson
Gambled in the dark
Not one of them would ever live to
Tell the tale or disembark

Brother rose up 'gainst brother
In every circumstance
They fought and slaughtered each other
In a deadly dance

They lowered down the lifeboats
From the sinking wreck
There were traitors, there were turncoats
Broken backs and broken necks

The bishop left his cabin
To help all those in need
Turned his eyes up to the heavens
Said, "The poor are yours to feed"

Davey the brothel-keeper
Came out dismissed his girls
Saw the water getting deeper
Saw the changing of his world

Jim Backus smiled
He never learned to swim
Saw the little crippled child
And he gave his seat to him

He saw the starlight shining
Streaming from the East
Death was on the rampage
But his heart was now at peace

They battened down the hatches
But the hatches wouldn't hold
They drowned upon the staircase
Of brass and polished gold

Leo said to Cleo
I think I'm going mad
But he'd lost his mind already
Whatever mind he had

He tried to block the doorway
To save all those from harm
Blood from an open wound
Pouring down his arm

Petals fell from flowers
Tell all of them were gone
In the long and dreadful hours
The wizard's curse played on

The host was pouring brandy
He was going down slow
He stayed right to the end and he
Was the last to go

There were many, many others
Nameless here forever more
They never sailed the ocean
Or left their homes before

The watchman, he lay dreaming
The damage had been done
He dreamed the Titanic was sinking
And he tried to tell someone

The captain, barely breathing
Kneeling at the wheel
Above him and beneath him
Fifty thousand tons of steel

He looked over at his compass
And he gazed into its face
Needle pointing downward
He knew he lost the race

In the dark illumination
He remembered bygone years
He read the Book of Revelation
And he filled his cup with tears

When the Reaper's task had ended
Sixteen hundred had gone to rest
The good, the bad, the rich, the poor
The loveliest and the best

They waited at the landing
And they tried to understand
But there is no understanding
For the judgment of God's hand

The news came over the wires
And struck with deadly force
The love had lost its fires
All things had run their course

The watchman he lay dreaming
Of all the things that can be
He dreamed the Titanic was sinking
Into the deep blue seaYeah, yeah, huh? Huh?
Yeah, yeah, huh? Hahaha
Yeah, yeah, huh? Yeah

Gucci shoes on my feet, when I hit the scene, I'm drippin’
We killin' everybody, bitch, I can't leave a witness
Shootin’ at that nigga mama, we gon' spare the children
I just copped a brand new llama, shoot it 'til it's empty
Pow, pow, on the scene, shoot the opps 'til they drop, drop
24 shots hit his ass with a shot clock
Couple blunts in rotation, bitch, this is a hotbox
Ridin' round with hot Glocks, tryna pop a nigga top

Only want big dollars, no assist, can't take no dimes (No dimes)
Know these bitches love me, they get wet just from my rhymes (Wet, wet)
Fuck me for my icy watch, lil' hoe, get off my top (Get off my top)
Been killin’ all these rappers, that’s just one too many crimes, uh
Slide in the space coupe, NASA, woah, ice on her neck on Alaska, froze
All in your girlfriend camera roll, feelin' too fly like Dasah, woah
They wanna see me down (Down), lil’ bitch I won't go down (I can't)
Now I'm on the road out of town, they hate that I’m up right now
Lil' groupie be callin' me dumb, go ape in the booth like I'm Kong
Can't chase me a bitch, I want funds, that shit too bad for my lungs
Ravioli my sauce, and Ralph, that's my hoodie, if they ain't got money they can't even book me
Y'all bitches be blowin' not even that boujee, I just want the top, let the gang have your coochie

Gucci shoes on my feet, when I hit the scene, I'm drippin'
We killin' everybody, bitch, I can't leave a witness
Shootin' at that nigga mama, we gon' spare the children
I just copped a brand new llama, shoot it 'til it's empty
Pow, pow, on the scene, shoot the opps 'til they drop, drop
24 shots hit his ass with a shot clock
Couple blunts in rotation, bitch, this is a hotbox
Ridin' round with hot Glocks, tryna pop a nigga top

Clutchin' my tool, I'm ready to clash out, just like 2K, make a nigga lag out
All of that talkin', you showin' your ass now, hittin' your pockets, I'm runnin' your stash now
Scammin' and rappin', we want all the fetty, countin' up green, it's comin' like lettuce
Big gas on the low, we pull up and sell it, my mouth on zip, you know that I'm jealous
Steppin' to me, he must be on drugs, as soon as I see him, hit him with a slug
Don't fuck with no hoes, I can't show no love, do dirt on my own with me and my glove
Whoop a nigga ass, he was talkin' too tough, up the Glock, 50 round, I'ma leave a nigga stuck
You know I'm untouchable, I can't be touched, try to rob me, better try your luck
Glizzy got a beam and the bitch got a penis, hit him with the heat like he livin' in Phoenix
I'm out of this world, I'm livin' on Venus, I pour up the 4s, I love to be leanin'
Up the Glock on who? I'ma hit a nigga 4 times, Glock 23, leave a nigga with no mind
Finessin' the city, I feel like I'm 2 Chainz, shoot him in the back, leave him with no spine
How you gon' rob a robber? Burberry collar
Hollow tips hit a nigga, make a nigga holler
Condom on my dick, baby, I don't need no toddler
You know I'm Jamaican, I'm hangin' with them shottas

Yeah, ha
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Rrrah, yeah, yeah
HahahahaHa, ha, ha, ha (So wasted, so wasted, wasted)
Rockstar lifestyle, might don't make it (Wasted)
Living life high, every day, clique wasted (Wasted)
Sipping on purple stuff, rolling up stanky (Wasted)
Wake in the morning, ten o'clock drinking (Wasted)
"Party, party, party!" Let's all get wasted (Wasted)
Shake it for me, baby girl, do it butt-naked (Wasted)
I'm so wasted, she's so wasted (Wasted)
Tell the bartender, "send me twenty more cases!"

Geeking like Whitney, geeking like Britney (Wasted)
Gucci no hippie, but he stoned like Jimmy (Jimmy)
X-pill poppers, geeked up crazy (Crazy)
Whole clique rolling, everyone's wasted (Wasted)
Purple Codeine Sprite pink: don't waste it (Waste it)
Mix-up, grandma drink it, didn't taste it (Taste it)
Now grandma sipping syrup, leaning wasted
Walking around fucked up twisting her fingers
Homegirl slipped up, drunk, got wasted (Wasted)
Now she backstage and she trying to get famous
See me, I'm a drinkie, drinking, Gucci Mane shake it (shake it)
Club life, damn right, Gucci Mane wasted (wasted)

Rockstar lifestyle, might don't make it (Wasted)
Living life high, every day, clique wasted (Wasted)
Sipping on purple stuff, rolling up stanky (Wasted)
Wake in the morning, ten o'clock drinking (Wasted)
"Party, party, party!" Let's all get wasted (Wasted)
Shake it for me, baby girl, do it butt-naked (Wasted)
I'm so wasted, she's so wasted (Wasted)
Tell the bartender, "send me twenty more cases!"

I don't wear tight jeans like the white boys
But I do get wasted like the white boys
Now I'm looking for a bitch to suck this Almond Joy
Say she got to stop sucking cause her jaws sore
Got a bitch on the couch, bitch on the floor (on the floor)
Your partner just popped another one, now he rolling more
Was on 3 pills, now he on 4
I don't know why, but that Remy turn me into a whore
Walked in the club, pocket full of big faces
Got that .40 on my waist and it's off safety
About 40 goons with me and we all wasted
On Remy straight tonight, dogg, no chaser

Rockstar lifestyle, might don't make it (Wasted)
Living life high, every day, clique wasted (Wasted)
Sipping on purple stuff, rolling up stanky (Wasted)
Wake in the morning, ten o'clock drinking (Wasted)
"Party, party, party!" Let's all get wasted (Wasted)
Shake it for me, baby girl, do it butt-naked (Wasted)
I'm so wasted, she's so wasted (Wasted)
Tell the bartender, "send me twenty more cases!"

Whole clique faded, we geeked up crazy (crazy)
Big boy bracelets, we "white-boy wasted" (Wasted)
No shirts, fuck it! Our necks and arms are tatted
We sloppy drunk, disgusted, the liquor keep wasting (wasting)
285 Eastside, me and Plies wasted (Wasted)
Racing, Chevy beating, booty/butt chasing
Spring bling, 50 thousand, white girls shaking
Some dancing naked, but everyone's wasted (Wasted)
Magic City Monday, ball-player wasted (Wasted)
This is for your uncle drinking Thunderbird, wasted (Wasted)
12-pack wasted, I need more cases (Wasted)
And Gucci's not a racist all my diamonds caucasian

Rockstar lifestyle, might don't make it (Wasted)
Living life high, every day, clique wasted (Wasted)
Sipping on purple stuff, rolling up stanky (Wasted)
Wake in the morning, ten o'clock drinking (Wasted)
"Party, party, party!" Let's all get wasted (Wasted)
Shake it for me, baby girl, do it butt-naked (Wasted)
I'm so wasted, she's so wasted (Wasted)
Tell the bartender, "send me twenty more cases!"

This is GPSA (Ghetto Public Service Announcement)
We don't get fucked up no more
We get wasted (Wasted)
Gucci Mane, Plies, FATBOIDon't you ever being scared business to me
You lookin' at the toughest, rass'clat Jamaican in the United States of America
I run shit
I kill for nothing
I make lots of money and deal out the business
Don't bring that shit to me again
Ya' hear me?

Sometimes I trap by my lonely
And sometimes I trap with my homies, ayy
I cannot lack, keep it on me
Niggas is chattin' they act like they know me, ayy
Niggas they fake and they phony
Say they go ham, I know they bologna, ayy
Lil' nigga I got it on me, I got it on me, I got it on me, ayy
Sometimes I trap by my lonely
And sometimes I trap with my homies, ayy
I cannot lack, keep it on me
Niggas is chattin' they act like they know me, ayy
Niggas they fake and they phony
Say they go ham, I know they bologna, ayy
Lil' nigga I got it on me, I got it on me, I got it on me, ayy
Sometimes I trap by my lonely
And sometimes I trap with my homies, ayy
I cannot lack, keep it on me
Niggas is chattin' they act like they know me, ayy
Niggas they fake and they phony
Say they go ham, I know they bologna, ayy
Lil' nigga I got it on me, I got it on me, I got it on me, ayy

I flex everyday of the week
White girls love the way that I speak
Ya'll heard lil' Xane on the beat
Fuck around wit' niggas leave your brains on the street
Fuckin' with me that's a bad situation
Got no patience, turn you into a patient
Fuck your bitch, but don't get crazy
It's a man's world stop actin' like a lady
Who you know on IG with a thousands followers actin' famous?
Who you know in the NYC with a flow too hot like Jamaica?
My time, no Time Warner Cable
Do the math nigga you should know your times tables
Got the raw papers, and the fronto leaf, rollin' up nature
My teeth is golden , she got lil' titties, she gon' still show them, ayy
She wet like the ocean, pull out a Trojan, give her the motion, ayy
My pupils is bulgin', grindin' my teeth, my nigga I'm rollin', ayy
But I'm a stoner, I'm gettin' zooted, I'm leanin' over, ayy

Sometimes I trap by my lonely
And sometimes I trap with my homies, ayy
I cannot lack, keep it on me
Niggas is chattin' they act like they know me, ayy
Niggas they fake and they phony
Say they go ham, I know they bologna, ayy
Lil' nigga I got it on me, I got it on me, I got it on me, ayy
Sometimes I trap by my lonely
And sometimes I trap with my homies, ayy
I cannot lack, keep it on me
Niggas is chattin' they act like they know me, ayy
Niggas they fake and they phony
Say they go ham, I know they bologna, ayy
Lil' nigga I got it on me, I got it on me, I got it on me, ayy
Sometimes I trap by my lonely
And sometimes I trap with my homies, ayy
I cannot lack, keep it on me
Niggas is chattin' they act like they know me, ayy
Niggas they fake and they phony
Say they go ham, I know they bologna, ayy
Lil' nigga I got it on me, I got it on me, I got it on me, ayy

How ya act like you don't like me, nigga?
But you gon' act just like me, nigga?
You mad that your girlfriend like me, nigga?
And she like girls just like me, nigga
You don't fuck with me, I dont fuck with you neither
Heating up the heater have him running like a cheetah
Fuck yo bitch, make her onomatopoeia
After that happen, I ain't really wanna see her
Everything you can do, I can do better
Hotter then a sweater in the summertime weather
SquidNice make your boyfriend get jealous
I could be you but I'm way too clever
I don't fuck with my pops, he don't fuck with me neither
I'ma kill him when I'm see him, go 7:30 PM
Swear to god he a bitch nigga like Madea
Niggas can't see me, John Cena
No you not like me, nigga
My life like a movie no Spike Lee, nigga
I am not a motherfuckin' hypebeast, nigga
I TYB in a white tee, nigga
NYC niggas know where I be, nigga
Put the location on IG, nigga
If a nigga gon' try find me, nigga
I'ma have his ass layin' on the concrete, nigga

Sometimes I trap by my lonely
And sometimes I trap with my homies, ayy
I cannot lack, keep it on me
Niggas is chattin' they act like they know me, ayy
Niggas they fake and they phony
Say they go ham, I know they bologna, ayy
Lil' nigga I got it on me, I got it on me, I got it on me, ayy
Sometimes I trap by my lonely
And sometimes I trap with my homies, ayy
I cannot lack, keep it on me
Niggas is chattin' they act like they know me, ayy
Niggas they fake and they phony
Say they go ham, I know they bologna, ayy
Lil' nigga I got it on me, I got it on me, I got it on me, ayy
Sometimes I trap by my lonely
And sometimes I trap with my homies, ayy
I cannot lack, keep it on me
Niggas is chattin' they act like they know me, ayy
Niggas they fake and they phony
Say they go ham, I know they bologna, ayy
Lil' nigga I got it on me, I got it on me, I got it on me, ayyM-I-A-I-M-I-A
M-I-A-I-M-I-M-I-A-I-M-I-A
M-I-A-MI-M-I-M-I-A-MI

Lifted, I'm feelin' so gifted, trippin', I'm constantly fallin'
Channel view of the whole villa, plottin' while burnin' a Marley
Damn these rare thoughts is so endless, bougie bitch whippin' the 'Rari
Out in the jungles, make it rumble, she get wet like safari
Bitches don't know, I teach 'em the ropes, Scottie the Pope
Now only Giuseppe, Celine, Bottega
Proenza, the Schouler is all that she know
Might let the drop top, and she's Lamb' fam
Whippin' trans am, keep it low
She pulled out the hard white on the highway
For the line, listen, pimpin'
Your bitch just might physic my disick, disick all business
Might blizzard, roll up, crib look like the tele
Left jelly all over her biscuit
Last spring I lost 10K in teeth
I copped it but now I don't miss it
Whoever found it, teeth probably glistenin'
In fact that nigga prolly missin'

These choppers and these planes
They all doin' the same, they take me overseas
M-I-A-I-M-I-A
M-I-A-I-M-I-M-I-A-I-M-I-A
M-I-A-MI-M-I-M-I-A-MI
These choppers and these planes
They all doin' the same, they take me overseas
M-I-A-I-M-I-A
M-I-A-MI-M-I-M-I-A-I-M-I-A
M-I-A-MI-M-I-M-I-A-I-I

Speedin', and damn I'm leanin' on a Kawasaki
In the lobby, then we 'dro codeinin', out in Abu Dhabi
Chain beamin', man, I hope you ain't anemic
'Cause you might feel drowsy
Out in Sweden, it's just me and four women
And we all playin' hockey
Blowed, Scott La Flame, pimp with no cane
Rockin' a robe in your hood with no pass
Fuck up the flow, nothin' but fam 'cause niggas be hoes
You can have that, pass that, light it up and then blow
Imagery abstract, it's like NASDAQ
When I stock it up and then rack it up and then go
Packed it up and moved to Goldman Sachs
My nigga Yeezy done taught me that
Young niggas in the Soho house
Spillin' booze where the Barbie at
Damn homie, this a movie nigga
Take a picture of somethin', where your Kodak at?
If Scottie ain't totin' or swimmin' in women
He writin', producin' and scorin' and filmin'

These choppers and these planes
They all doin' the same, they take me overseas
M-I-A-I-M-I-A
M-I-A-I-M-I-M-I-A-I-M-I-A
M-I-A-MI-M-I-M-I-A-MI
These choppers and these planes
They all doin' the same, they take me overseas
M-I-A-I-M-I-A
M-I-A-MI-M-I-M-I-A-I-M-I-A
M-I-A-MI-M-I-M-I-A-I-I
M-I-A-I-M-I-A
M-I-A-I-M-I-M-I-A-I-M-I-A
M-I-A-MI-M-I-M-I-A-MI
M-I-A-I-M-I-A
M-I-A-MI-M-I-M-I-A-I-M-I-A
M-I-A-MI-M-I-M-I-A-I-I

M-I-A-I-M-I-A
M-I-A-I-M-I-M-I-A-I-M-I-A
M-I-A-MI-M-I-M-I-A-MI
M-I-A-I-M-I-A
M-I-A-MI-M-I-M-I-A-I-M-I-A
M-I-A-MI-M-I-M-I-A-I-IAy boy you don't need no more of that oil boy, that's another lick for you boy
 you be throwed off that random boy, murk him off that oil

He was just steppin' out to the little party
End of the night ended up with a body
Big booty bitch way bigger than Mizhani
While he eat kool with the whip like Desiigner
While I hit the top then go back to the bottom
Now I got a lil one, I shoulda wore a condom
But now I'm happy I didn't wear a condom
Cause that lil nigga right there my blessin'
Two days after I lost my grandpa
Sam took me to go take that test
And it came back mine
That boy mine, the beeper say 99.9
How you gon' pull up and crash the party?
I'll put the slug in your ass little boy
How you gon' steal from your lil nigga?
How you gon' act like I wasn't with ya?
I can do everything by myself
But I ain't gon' be outchea askin' for help
How the hell you gon' act like a housewife
When you know everybody know you a thottie
Got me a pistol, I got me a shotty
I be posted up in the yo like Gotti
How you gon' send a nigga like me to college
How you gon' send a nigga like me to college
Every time he step out he booted
Every time he step out it's a movie
Tottin' a toolie, I'm rollin' a doobie
I'm stickin' and movin', I'm burnin' and lootin'
Ain't got time for you lil niggas
Ain't got time for you lil bitches
Show me you different, show me you different
Show me you different girl, show me you different
How you gon' act like I wasn't there
How you gon' act like a nigga ain't care
I was on 1800 block all day
Nothin' was easy, had to get this shit the hard way
But I maintained, never complained
I'm true to the game, ain't never been a lame
Nigga I crewed up when I was nine
Got me a street, fell in love with the grind
I love the hustle
All the dark nights I sacrificed, it only made me tougher
All of the trials, it made me wild
And tribulations, it made me wise
Tell my child don't fuck with them guys
When you from that side, won't fuck with them guys
I can't deny he got my eyes
I can't deny cause I'm not that kind
He don't even cry but he prolly might whine
I'm on the school bus sellin' dimes
Why you gotta wish bad on your little woadie?
Put your ass on now you actin' all spoiled
Why you gotta talk down on your little homie?
Grandpa dropped middle of the testimony
Grandma died, guess he was gettin' lonely
Why I go HAM? Cause I don't eat baloney
Nigga you a phony, how you gon' act like you real?
How you gon' act like you trill?
Why you got the flag? A nigga already know the deal
How you gon' turn around and squeal?
Look at me leanin', I'm poppin' the seal
Look at my lips as I'm poppin' the pill, damn
Everybody acting like they my people
I don't fuck with you, I don't fuck with you neither
Woke up today and I copped a new Bimmer
Cuz a nigga got tired of the two-seater
I don't hear evil, I don't feel no evil
But I still walk around with the Desert Eagle
I just got me a referral from the teacher
Bitch I'm a Zoe, I don't do pledge of allegiance
Fuck you, lil' ho, lock my door if you leavin'The thousand injuries of Fortunato I had borne as I best could, but when he ventured upon insult, I vowed revenge. You, who so well know the nature of my soul, will not suppose, however, that I gave utterance to a threat. AT LENGTH I would be avenged; this was a point definitively settled -- but the very definitiveness with which it was resolved precluded the idea of risk. I must not only punish, but punish with impunity. A wrong is unredressed when retribution overtakes its redresser. It is equally unredressed when the avenger fails to make himself felt as such to him who has done the wrong.
It must be understood that neither by word nor deed had I given Fortunato cause to doubt my good will. I continued as was my won't, to smile in his face, and he did not perceive that my smile NOW was at the thought of his immolation.
He had a weak point -- this Fortunato -- although in other regards he was a man to be respected and even feared. He prided himself on his connoisseurship in wine. Few Italians have the true virtuoso spirit. For the most part their enthusiasm is adopted to suit the time and opportunity to practise imposture upon the British and Austrian MILLIONAIRES. In painting and gemmary, Fortunato, like his countrymen, was a quack, but in the matter of old wines he was sincere. In this respect I did not differ from him materially; I was skilful in the Italian vintages myself, and bought largely whenever I could.
It was about dusk, one evening during the supreme madness of the carnival season, that I encountered my friend. He accosted me with excessive warmth, for he had been drinking much. The man wore motley. He had on a tight-fitting parti-striped dress and his head was surmounted by the conical cap and bells. I was so pleased to see him, that I thought I should never have done wringing his hand.
I said to him -- "My dear Fortunato, you are luckily met. How remarkably well you are looking to-day! But I have received a pipe of what passes for Amontillado, and I have my doubts."
"How?" said he, "Amontillado? A pipe? Impossible ? And in the middle of the carnival?"
"I have my doubts," I replied; "and I was silly enough to pay the full Amontillado price without consulting you in the matter. You were not to be found, and I was fearful of losing a bargain."
"Amontillado!"
"I have my doubts."
"Amontillado!"
"And I must satisfy them."
"Amontillado!"
"As you are engaged, I am on my way to Luchesi. If any one has a critical turn, it is he. He will tell me" --
"Luchesi cannot tell Amontillado from Sherry."
"And yet some fools will have it that his taste is a match for your own."
"Come let us go."
"Whither?"
"To your vaults."
"My friend, no; I will not impose upon your good nature. I perceive you have an engagement Luchesi" --
"I have no engagement; come."
"My friend, no. It is not the engagement, but the severe cold with which I perceive you are afflicted . The vaults are insufferably damp. They are encrusted with nitre."
"Let us go, nevertheless. The cold is merely nothing. Amontillado! You have been imposed upon; and as for Luchesi, he cannot distinguish Sherry from Amontillado."
Thus speaking, Fortunato possessed himself of my arm. Putting on a mask of black silk and drawing a roquelaire closely about my person, I suffered him to hurry me to my palazzo.
There were no attendants at home; they had absconded to make merry in honour of the time. I had told them that I should not return until the morning and had given them explicit orders not to stir from the house. These orders were sufficient, I well knew, to insure their immediate disappearance , one and all, as soon as my back was turned.
I took from their sconces two flambeaux, and giving one to Fortunato bowed him through several suites of rooms to the archway that led into the vaults. I passed down a long and winding staircase, requesting him to be cautious as he followed. We came at length to the foot of the descent, and stood together on the damp ground of the catacombs of the Montresors.
The gait of my friend was unsteady, and the bells upon his cap jingled as he strode.
"The pipe," said he.
"It is farther on," said I; "but observe the white webwork which gleams from these cavern walls."
He turned towards me and looked into my eyes with two filmy orbs that distilled the rheum of intoxication.
"Nitre?" he asked, at length.
"Nitre," I replied. "How long have you had that cough!"
"Ugh! ugh! ugh! -- ugh! ugh! ugh! -- ugh! ugh! ugh! -- ugh! ugh! ugh! -- ugh! ugh! ugh!
My poor friend found it impossible to reply for many minutes.
"It is nothing," he said, at last.
"Come," I said, with decision, "we will go back; your health is precious. You are rich, respected, admired, beloved; you are happy as once I was. You are a man to be missed. For me it is no matter. We will go back; you will be ill and I cannot be responsible. Besides, there is Luchesi" --
"Enough," he said; "the cough is a mere nothing; it will not kill me. I shall not die of a cough."
"True -- true," I replied; "and, indeed, I had no intention of alarming you unnecessarily -- but you should use all proper caution. A draught of this Medoc will defend us from the damps."
Here I knocked off the neck of a bottle which I drew from a long row of its fellows that lay upon the mould.
"Drink," I said, presenting him the wine.
He raised it to his lips with a leer. He paused and nodded to me familiarly, while his bells jingled.
"I drink," he said, "to the buried that repose around us."
"And I to your long life."
He again took my arm and we proceeded.
"These vaults," he said, are extensive."
"The Montresors," I replied, "were a great and numerous family."
"I forget your arms."
"A huge human foot d'or, in a field azure; the foot crushes a serpent rampant whose fangs are imbedded in the heel."
"And the motto?"
"Nemo me impune lacessit."
"Good!" he said.
The wine sparkled in his eyes and the bells jingled. My own fancy grew warm with the Medoc. We had passed through walls of piled bones, with casks and puncheons intermingling, into the inmost recesses of the catacombs. I paused again, and this time I made bold to seize Fortunato by an arm above the elbow.
"The nitre!" I said, "see it increases. It hangs like moss upon the vaults. We are below the river's bed. The drops of moisture trickle among the bones. Come, we will go back ere it is too late. Your cough" --
"It is nothing" he said; "let us go on. But first, another draught of the Medoc."
I broke and reached him a flagon of De Grave. He emptied it at a breath. His eyes flashed with a fierce light. He laughed and threw the bottle upwards with a gesticulation I did not understand.
I looked at him in surprise. He repeated the movement -- a grotesque one.
"You do not comprehend?" he said.
"Not I," I replied.
"Then you are not of the brotherhood."
"How?"
"You are not of the masons."
"Yes, yes," I said, "yes! yes."
"You? Impossible! A mason?"
"A mason," I replied.
"A sign," he said.
"It is this," I answered, producing a trowel from beneath the folds of my roquelaire.
"You jest," he exclaimed, recoiling a few paces. "But let us proceed to the Amontillado."
"Be it so," I said, replacing the tool beneath the cloak, and again offering him my arm. He leaned upon it heavily. We continued our route in search of the Amontillado. We passed through a range of low arches, descended, passed on, and descending again, arrived at a deep crypt, in which the foulness of the air caused our flambeaux rather to glow than flame.
At the most remote end of the crypt there appeared another less spacious. Its walls had been lined with human remains piled to the vault overhead , in the fashion of the great catacombs of Paris. Three sides of this interior crypt were still ornamented in this manner. From the fourth the bones had been thrown down, and lay promiscuously upon the earth, forming at one point a mound of some size. Within the wall thus exposed by the displacing of the bones, we perceived a still interior recess, in depth about four feet, in width three, in height six or seven. It seemed to have been constructed for no especial use in itself, but formed merely the interval between two of the colossal supports of the roof of the catacombs, and was backed by one of their circumscribing walls of solid granite.
It was in vain that Fortunato, uplifting his dull torch, endeavoured to pry into the depths of the recess. Its termination the feeble light did not enable us to see.
"Proceed," I said; "herein is the Amontillado. As for Luchesi" --
"He is an ignoramus," interrupted my friend, as he stepped unsteadily forward, while I followed immediately at his heels. In an instant he had reached the extremity of the niche, and finding his progress arrested by the rock, stood stupidly bewildered. A moment more and I had fettered him to the granite. In its surface were two iron staples, distant from each other about two feet, horizontally. From one of these depended a short chain. from the other a padlock. Throwing the links about his waist, it was but the work of a few seconds to secure it. He was too much astounded to resist. Withdrawing the key I stepped back from the recess.
"Pass your hand," I said, "over the wall; you cannot help feeling the nitre. Indeed it is VERY damp. Once more let me IMPLORE you to return. No? Then I must positively leave you. But I must first render you all the little attentions in my power."
"The Amontillado!" ejaculated my friend, not yet recovered from his astonishment.
"True," I replied; "the Amontillado."
As I said these words I busied myself among the pile of bones of which I have before spoken. Throwing them aside, I soon uncovered a quantity of building stone and mortar. With these materials and with the aid of my trowel, I began vigorously to wall up the entrance of the niche.
I had scarcely laid the first tier of my masonry when I discovered that the intoxication of Fortunato had in a great measure worn off. The earliest indication I had of this was a low moaning cry from the depth of the recess. It was NOT the cry of a drunken man. There was then a long and obstinate silence. I laid the second tier, and the third, and the fourth; and then I heard the furious vibrations of the chain. The noise lasted for several minutes, during which, that I might hearken to it with the more satisfaction, I ceased my labours and sat down upon the bones. When at last the clanking subsided , I resumed the trowel, and finished without interruption the fifth, the sixth, and the seventh tier. The wall was now nearly upon a level with my breast. I again paused, and holding the flambeaux over the mason-work, threw a few feeble rays upon the figure within.
A succession of loud and shrill screams, bursting suddenly from the throat of the chained form, seemed to thrust me violently back. For a brief moment I hesitated -- I trembled. Unsheathing my rapier, I began to grope with it about the recess; but the thought of an instant reassured me. I placed my hand upon the solid fabric of the catacombs , and felt satisfied. I reapproached the wall. I replied to the yells of him who clamoured. I reechoed -- I aided -- I surpassed them in volume and in strength. I did this, and the clamourer grew still.
It was now midnight, and my task was drawing to a close. I had completed the eighth, the ninth, and the tenth tier. I had finished a portion of the last and the eleventh; there remained but a single stone to be fitted and plastered in. I struggled with its weight; I placed it partially in its destined position. But now there came from out the niche a low laugh that erected the hairs upon my head. It was succeeded by a sad voice, which I had difficulty in recognising as that of the noble Fortunato. The voice said --
"Ha! ha! ha! -- he! he! -- a very good joke indeed -- an excellent jest. We will have many a rich laugh about it at the palazzo -- he! he! he! -- over our wine -- he! he! he!"
"The Amontillado!" I said.
"He! he! he! -- he! he! he! -- yes, the Amontillado . But is it not getting late? Will not they be awaiting us at the palazzo, the Lady Fortunato and the rest? Let us be gone."
"Yes," I said "let us be gone."
"FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, MONTRESOR!"
"Yes," I said, "for the love of God!"
But to these words I hearkened in vain for a reply. I grew impatient. I called aloud --
"Fortunato!"
No answer. I called again --
"Fortunato!"
No answer still. I thrust a torch through the remaining aperture and let it fall within. There came forth in return only a jingling of the bells. My heart grew sick -- on account of the dampness of the catacombs. I hastened to make an end of my labour. I forced the last stone into its position; I plastered it up. Against the new masonry I reerected the old rampart of bones. For the half of a century no mortal has disturbed them.
In pace requiescat!I think clear
Dubba-AA flexin'
Louie Bandz made another one
This is the sound

You the one that I want in my life, yeah
You the one that I want every night, yeah
You the one that I want on my side, yeah
Promise for you I'll ride
I need you to be there for me, yeah
I'm so deep up in these streets, yeah
I stay clutching on my heat, yeah
I know these niggas wan' kill me

Studio bus when I'm touring
Floatin', don't know where I'm goin'
I don't even know what I'm doin'
But I know I'm getting to it
Heard they moving in and they armed
When they come just set off the alarm
On my soul I ain't goin'
AK strapped to my arm
Told my girl that I need you baby
Thinking 'bout you lately, I been goin' crazy
When you leave out of school
Come and pull up on me, I just want to taste it
You know your boyfriend crazy
Goin' hard, turning up on the daily
You touch me down to my heart
When you told me you was happy that I made it
I been caught up sack chasing
Gotta take care of my babies
Random people steady hating
I don't ever let it faze me
Heart steady keep on racin'
Abusing drugs that I'm takin'
I'm okay when I'm under you baby
I just wanna lay under you baby

You the one that I want in my life, yeah
You the one that I want every night, yeah
You the one that I want on my side, yeah
Promise for you I'll ride
I need you to be there for me, yeah
I'm so deep up in these streets, yeah
I stay clutching on my heat, yeah
I know these niggas wan' kill me

Say they love me, they don't love me
Ain't nobody that I'm trustin'
Ain't got no time to be fussin'
I need you to be there for me
So many hoes wanna fuck me
Baby that ain't worth nothin'
Know I want us to be together
I won't change on you for nothing, yeah
I won't change on you for nothing
You won't never want for nothing
I won't change on you for nothing
You won't never want for nothing
You won't never want for nothing

You the one that I want in my life, yeah
You the one that I want every night, yeah
You the one that I want on my side, yeah
Promise for you I'll ride
I need you to be there for me, yeah
I'm so deep up in these streets, yeah
I stay clutching on my heat, yeah
I know these niggas wan' kill meIt's Lil Uzi Vert
Let's go
Yeah (Ayy, Brandon, man, why you do that?)
One, two, three, hello (Woah)

I won't never call back, if I hang up, I mean it, yeah
That mean it was all bad, I think I'm better off leavin', yeah
I don't have time for stressin', no more time for disagreements, no
Too many girls, what you call that? Got 'em all in line, they fiendin', yeah

Yeah, I got too many type of girls, yeah
I'm from a whole different world, yeah
I got one shine in the light, yeah
She remind me of a pearl, yeah
I am way smarter than you, uh
You chase the nut like a squirrel, yeah
Drinkin' that pineapple juice, yeah
I throw it up, never hurl, yeah

My nickname Young Spend It
I get the money, get that by the plenty (Woah)
Used to go to Starlets to see Cayy Benji, uh
Now I got YellowDol on me (Me)
You can't get this style for free
Look at me, uh, bad bitch on me
Yeah, my bitch rock all Fenty
Got a bitch look just like RiRi (What else?)
Christian Dior all on my feet
Pull up a suit, that shit a three-piece
That girl say she a vegan, but I swear
That girl still know how to eat meat
Why you keep talkin' about leavin' me?
I ain't never been to DR
And I ain't never been to the Republics
On a long ass flight, can't get no sleep
Broke ass nigga can't talk to me
That's the reason why I put diamonds in my teeth
I get money for so long that I'm countin' this paper in my dream
Everything I get turn to brûlée
So your bitch pull up 'til I make her cream
And you know I do this shit just for myself
But you know I do this shit just for my team

I won't never call back, if I hang up, I mean it, yeah
That mean it was all bad, think I'm better off leavin', yeah
I don't have time for stress, I don't have time for disagreements, yeah
Too many girls 'posed to call back, I got 'em all in line, they fiendin', yeah

I got too many different type of girls, yeah
I'm from a whole different world, yeah
I got one shine in the light, uh
She remind me of a pearl, yeah
I am way smarter than you, uh
You chase a nut like a squirrel, yeah
Drinkin' that wine, off a two, uh
I throw it up, never hurl, yeah (Oh my God)

I got too many type of girls, yeah
I got a whole lot of flavors, yeah
Fuck around, fuck on my neighbor's friend
I think she just might been Arabian
I already fixed me a visa, yeah
She eat it up, know I'm a beast
I know I been leanin', I know she been dreamin'
I can make her dreams come true, yeah
Baby, that don't mean I blew off her roofs
I drip drip, made the pussy get loose
Might be in a Tom panini suits
And she got Cha-nay-nay on her too
When I'm in Tom Ford and I'm in the strip club
Can't let the cheap pussy get too close
I just spent twenty thousand dollars on my outfit
And I had a bitch pullin' up in the Ghost
Niggas see the wrist when it flick and it's froze
If I hang up, don't call back at all
Switched up lens and I switched my broad
I'll never switch up on my dawgs
I can tell the real from the fake and the fraud
One-three-hundo sit in the garage
Rather tell the truth, but I know it's gon' hurt
Had to put a little bitty bitch on a shirt, for sure-ski

I won't never call back, if I hang up, I mean it, yeah (For sure-ski)
That mean it was all bad, I think I'm better off leavin', yeah
I don't have time for stress, I don't have time for disagreements, yeah
Too many girls 'posed to call back, I got 'em all in line, they fiendin', yeah

Yeah, I got too many type of girls, yeah
I'm from a whole different world, yeah
I got one shine in the light, yeah
She remind me of a pearl, yeah
I am way smarter than you, uh
You chase the nut like a squirrel, yeah
Drinkin' that pineapple juice, yeah
I throw it up, never hurl, yeah

I won't never call back, if I hang up, I mean it, yeah
That mean it was all bad, oh my God
I don't have time for stressin', no more time for disagreements, no
Too many girls, what you call that? (Let's go)

I got too many different type of girls, yeah (Woah)
I'm from a whole different world, yeah
I got one shine in the light, uh
She remind me of a pearl, yeah
I am way smarter than you, uh
You chase the nut like a squirrel, yeah
Drinkin' that wine, off a two, uh
I throw it up, never hurl, yeahDown the street you can hear her scream "You're a disgrace"
As she slams the door in his drunken face
And now he stands outside
And all the neighbors start to gossip and drool
He cries "Oh girl, you must be mad
What happened to the sweet love you and me had?"
Against the door he leans and starts a scene
And his tears fall and burn the garden green

And so castles made of sand fall in the sea eventually

A little Indian brave who before he was ten
Played war games in the woods with his Indian friends
And he built a dream that when he grew up
He would be a fearless warrior, Indian Chief
Many moons passed, and more the dream grew strong until
Tomorrow he would sing his first war song and fight his first battle
But something went wrong, surprise attack killed him in his sleep that night

And so castles made of sand melts into the sea eventually

There was a young girl whose heart was a frown
Because she was crippled for life
And she couldn't speak a sound
And she wished and prayed she could stop living
So she decided to die
She drew her wheelchair to the edge of the shore
And to her legs she smiled you won't hurt me no more
But then a sight she'd never seen made her jump and say
Look a golden winged ship is passing my way
And it really didn't have to stop, it just kept on going

And so castles made of sand slips into the sea, eventuallyUh, uh, (Uh, come on)

Hah, sicker than your average, Poppa twist cabbage off instinct
Niggas don't think shit stink
Pink gators, my Detroit players
Timbs for my hooligans in Brooklyn (That's right)
Dead right, if the head right, Biggie there e'ry night
Poppa been smooth since days of Underoos
Never lose, never choose to, bruise crews who
Do somethin' to us, talk go through us (Come on, do it)
Girls walk to us, wanna do us, screw us
Who us? Yeah, Poppa and Puff (He, he)
Close like Starsky and Hutch, stick the clutch
Dare I squeeze three at your cherry M-3 (Take that, take that, take that, ha ha!)
Bang every MC easily, busily
Recently niggas frontin', ain't sayin' nothin' (Nothin')
So I just speak my piece, keep my peace (Come on)
Cubans with the Jesus piece, with my peeps (Thank you)
Packin', askin', "Who want it?"
You got it, nigga, flaunt it
That Brooklyn bullshit, we on it

Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see? (Uh-huh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (Hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (Uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (Ha)

I put hoes in NY onto DKNY (Uh-huh)
Miami, D.C. prefer Versace (That's right)
All Philly hoes go with Moschino (Come on)
Every cutie with a booty bought a Coogi
Now who's the real dookie? Meaning, who's really the shit?
Them niggas ride dicks, Frank White push the six
Or the Lexus, LX, four and a half
Bulletproof glass, tints if I want some ass
Gonna blast, squeeze first, ask questions last
That's how most of these so-called gangsters pass
At last, a nigga rappin' about blunts and broads
Tits and bras, ménage à trois, sex in expensive cars
I'll still leave you on the pavement
Condo paid for, no car payment (Uh-uh)
At my arraignment, note for the plaintiff
"Your daughter's tied up in a Brooklyn basement"
Face it, not guilty, that's how I stay filthy (Not Guilty)
Richer than Richie, 'til you niggas come and get me (Come on)

Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see? (Uh-huh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (Hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (Uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

I can fill you with real millionaire shit (I can fill ya)
Escargot, my car go, one sixty, swiftly (Come on)
Wreck it, buy a new one
Your crew run-run-run, your crew run-run
I know you sick of this, name brand nigga with
Flows, girls say he's sweet like licorice
So, get with this nigga, it's easy (Uh-huh)
Girlfriend, here's a pen, call me round ten
Come through, have sex on rugs that's Persian (That's right)
Come up to your job, hit you while you workin'
For certain, Poppa freakin', not speakin'
Leave that ass leakin', like rapper demo
Tell them ho take they clothes off slowly (Slowly)
Hit 'em with the force like Obi (Obi)
Dick black like Toby (Toby)
Watch me roam like Romey (Romey)
Lucky they don't owe me
Where the safe? Show me, homie (Say what, homie)

Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see? (Uh-huh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (Hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (Uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see? (Uh-huh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (Hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (Uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paidYeah, I put my shades on

I live it up like these are my last days
If time is money, I'm an hour past paid
Ugh, gunpowder in my hourglass
Niggas faker than some flour in a powder bag
Yeah, I put it down like my hands hurting
I'm on a natural high, but I land perfect
Some of us are lovers, most of y'all haters
But I put up a wall, and they just wallpaper
So love or hate me, I stay hate-free
They say we learn from mistakes; why, that's why they mistake me
I got some weight on my shoulders, to me it's like feathers
All hail Weezy, call it bad weather
I stick to the script, I memorize the lines
Cause life is a movie that I've seen too many times
You're on the outside looking in, close the blinds
And they say never say never, but fuck it, nevermind
I've been gone too long, true or false, right or wrong
Hello Weezy, welcome home, yeah

And I'm a blunt-blowin', Polo-drawers-showin'
I-don't-give-a-lovely-motherfuck-ass-nigga
With my money growing, no matter where you going
You don't need a bus pass for me to bust yo ass, nigga
I'm a blunt-blowin', Polo-drawers-showin'
I-don't-give-a-lovely-motherfuck-ass-nigga
With my money growing, no matter where you going
You don't need a bus pass for me to bust yo ass, nigga

Stunna, I got 'em, I'm back on them bitches
All about my riches, my name should be Richard
Cut the bullshit out, I'm Edward with the scissors
Life is a choice, and death is a decision
Times have changed, but fuck it get a new watch
I still got the vision like a line between two dots
Young Money's eating, the label getting fatter
And yea, the tables turned, but I'm still sitting at 'em
I'm a bad motherfucker cause the good die young
Everybody selling dreams, I'm too cheap to buy one
Man, when that cookie crumble, everybody want a crumb
Shoot that hummingbird down, hummingbird don't hum
Yea, big money, big money, deep pockets
Money talks, and motherfuckers eavesdropping
Bunch of bloods, you could call it blood clotting
Eastside, MOB Piru Damu

I'm a blunt-blowin', Polo-drawers-showin'
I-don't-give-a-lovely-motherfuck-ass-nigga
With my teeth glowing, I'm on my Deebowin'
You don't need a bus pass for me to bust yo ass, nigga

Light that Ashton Kutcher, I'm a limit pusher
See y'all dead meat, and me I'm just a butcher
I do it for the money, man I am such a hooker
And freedom was my girl, until they fucking took her
You can look into the future, it's right behind your eyelids
But I don't wanna know, cause shit I like surprises
Why that, why this, why you on that why shit?
Motherfucker ask me why, I say YM
Beach bum, call me Ocean Drive Slim
Drop the top, look up and make the sky grin
Young Mula, skinnies and some Supras
Belly of the beast 'til it puke us, motherfucker

I'm a blunt-blowin', Polo-drawers-showin'
I-don't-give-a-lovely-motherfuck-ass-nigga
With my money growing, no matter where you going
You don't need a bus pass for me to bust yo ass, nigga

I've been gone too long
True or false, right or wrong
Hello Weezy, welcome home
It's Young Mula, babyBrr, brr, brr, brr
Ring, ring, ring, postman
Who this?
(Nash effect)

Telephone call from Yung Carti, said it's lit
Call the young lord A$AP Bari, he legit (Moneybag)
And the young boy Ian Connor off the shit (Young Lord)
Fuckin' with them boys out of Harlem or the 6
This is Gosha
Man, I pay for pussy? No sir
Ridin' coaster
Roller coaster, chauffeur

I got money bags
I'ma bag your bitch, I'ma buy your bitch
(I got money bags, turn up, turn up)
I'ma cash this shit, I'ma cash this shit
(I got money bags, turn up, turn up)
Cash Carti, bitch, Cash Carti, bitch
(Carti, Carti)
You can have this shit, you can have this shit
(What you want, yo?)

Godfather rap, nappy plaits to the back
James Brown swag, Papa's got a brand-new bag
And I don't know how to act
On or off the record, might go axe
Harlem back up on the map
True New York will knock the Apple out you Jacks
Pop your Snapple cap, pop facts
Gucci and Dior biddin' wars
Who wore the piece before they hit the floor?
Not even shit you see overseas in stores
Who else but me? I know you seen the Forbes
Commend your boy, I been the Lord
Holy tabernacle, Mister Smack-Your-Favorite-Rapper
Greedy for the fat guy's platter
Killin' niggas even though black lives matter
Weak stomach, flow make 'em throw up
Steppin' stones, I'm your stepfather
Tell Tyler, better step his flow up
Mix the pour up with the Pepsi Cola
Nextel or the Motorola
Young nigga prolly never grow up
Postman with the telephone, uh

Ring, ring, ring, postman
Who this?

Fuck with Taco, fuck with Jasper
Fuck with Lionel, man that shit is gon' get sketchy
Shirt is striped, my shorts are short
My Vans are Vans 'cause Tyler does not fuck with Giuseppe
Fuck the Gucci, fuck the Raf
And fuck the swag and all that other shit they wearin'
Fuck the Rolls and fuck the 'Rari
Fuck the Lambo', Tyler only ride McLaren
Niggas think they really on because they trappin'
Made about like 30 thousand
Fuck the party, threw the carnival
Attendance this year was like 30 thousand
Shoppin', ballin', opal fire diamonds shinin'
Make sure my sapphire's glistenin'
Make the shit, I wear the shit
They cop the shit, it's Golf, you bitch, you niggas trippin'
I'm a businessman, you ain't never been the man
Nigga tax bracket changed, like have you seen my home?
Crib got a tennis court
Get my Venus and Serena on
Golf in this bitch, better ring the doctor
Ambulance come when I hit the scene
That boy flier than a bag of bees
I got my flowers, life's a jeweler
Diamond, fingers size of a tumor
He's a genius, have you heard the rumors?
He's a winner, no not a loser
Fuck passin' blunts, pass my niggas' opportunities
Goddamn, I'm hot, man, I'm not scared to freeze
January, Hawaiian shirts
Boy this weather ain't got a thing on me
Where's the mirror? I'm that nigga
Kunta ain't got much shit on me
'Cause I'm a master, I hit my own back
To be like, "Y'all boys, my nigga"
Fuck that, it's Golf, bitch

Doin' it for Yams, ayy, ayy
I used to do it for the grams, ayy, ayy
That's been way before Instagram, ayy, ayy
I used to serve it to your mans, ayy
Postman, who this?
Walk, Gleesh, walk, walk, walk
Walk, Gleesh, walk, walk, walk
Walk, Gleesh, walk, walk, walk
Walk, Gleesh, walk, walk, walk
Walk, Gleesh, walk, walk, walk
Walk, walk, walk, walk
Walk, walk, walk, walk
Walk, walk, walk, walk
Walk, walk, walk, walk
Walk, walk, walk, walk
Walk, walk, walk, walk
Walk, walk, walk, walk
Walk, walk, walkYeah
I'm like, "Oh, God, oh- oh, my God"
Bitch, I run the game, y'all just commentate from the side
I'm like, "Oh, God, oh- oh, my God"
Everything I do, you know I do it for the squad
I'm like, "Oh, God, oh- oh, my God"
Bitch, I run the game, y'all just commentate from the side
I'm like, "Oh, God, oh- oh, my God"
Everything I do, you know I do it for the squad
I'm like...

This-this-this-this-this the type of shit they said they really wanted
So I gave them this right here, now go get blunted
Check my last album, all y'all know I run it
Flipped the script just 'cause I could and fucking stunted
This-this-this-this-this the type of shit my life is all about
Check the Forbes list, you know I'm ballin' out
They say, "Logic, you too humble, boy, just let it out"
Fuck 'em all then, I'ma dead it now
Like oh, I think I know, I think I know
This flow, this super flow, out of control
Like whoa, this shit like whoa, I think I know
Like whoa, like, like whoa, like, like, like...

This that flexicution
This is what the people say they wanted from the young boy
From the—from the—from the god
This that flexicution
This is what the people say they wanted from the rap god
From the—from the—from the god

I'm like, "Oh, God, oh- oh, my God"
Bitch, I run the game, y'all just commentate from the side
I'm like, "Oh, God, oh- oh, my God"
Everything I do, you know I do it for the squad
I'm like, "Oh, God, oh- oh, my God"
Bitch, I run the game, y'all just commentate from the side
I'm like, "Oh, God, oh- oh, my God"
Everything I do, you know I do it for the squad
I'm like...

Hold on, let me bring it back
Everybody know I'm bringing the facts
And they wonder why I got it like that
'Cause I put everything right on the track
And you know I'ma fuck around and let it go
I been living like woah, I been living, you already know
And these motherfuckers wanna take up on every mistake
And I'm showing where I'm going
And I'm knowing what I'm doing, intuition never switching
On a mission, motherfucker, why is you bitching? Why is you bitching?
Like God damn, I'm like (Oh God)
Hold up, wait a minute, they ain't ready for the hook
It's another day, another book
I feel like Indiana in Atlanta, hotter than Havana
Coming with the stamina
Bitch, put down your camera, and live in the moment
This shit right here, everybody gon' want it, so what up wit’ it?
Any and everybody talk about the boy changing
Y'all can just shut up wit’ it 'cause I know
Ain't none of y'all getting the flow, boy...

This that flexicution
This is what the people say they wanted from the young boy
From the—from the—from the god
This that flexicution
This is what the people say they wanted from the rap god
From the—from the—from the god

I'm like, "Oh, God, oh- oh, my God"
Bitch, I run the game, y'all just commentate from the side
I'm like, "Oh, God, oh- oh, my God"
Everything I do, you know I do it for the squad
Yeah, I'm like, "Oh, God, oh- oh, my God"
Bitch, I run the game, y'all just commentate from the side
I'm like, "Oh, God, oh- oh, my God"
Everything I do, you know I do it...

I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know
It's been a hell of a ride up (it's been a hell of a ride up)
Hell of a ride up (it's been a hell of a ride up)
I know, I know, I know, I know, I know
That I've been M.I.A, but I was tied up
Till I heard you talking shit, now I'm fired up
5-0 triple 0Yeahhh, torture, motherfucker, what?
Torture, nigga, what?
What? I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin' tie you to a fuckin' bedpost
With your ass cheeks spread out and shit, right?
Put a hanger on a fuckin' stove and let that shit sit there for like a half hour, take it off and stick it in your ass slow like tss
Yeah, I'll fuckin', yeah, I'll fuckin' lay your nuts on a fuckin' dresser, just your nuts layin' on a fuckin' dresser, and bang them shits with a spiked fuckin' bat
Ooh whassup? Blaow!
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin', pull your fuckin' tongue out your fuckin'
Mouth and stab the shit with a rusty screwdriver, blaoww!
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin' hang you by your fuckin' dick off A fuckin' 12 sto-story building out this motherfucker
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin', sew your asshole closed, and keep feedin' you And feedin' you, and feedin' you, and feedin' you
Yo, roll the dice, yo, roll the dice
Yo, so it's goin' down like that, huh? Yeah?
Niggas is whylin', check it out, kid

From the slums of Shaolin, Wu-Tang Clan strikes again
The RZA, the GZA, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Inspectah Deck
Raekwon the Chef, U-God, Ghostface Killah and the Method Man

M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man

Hey, you, get off my cloud!
You don't know me and you don't know my style
Who be gettin' flam when they come to a jam?
Here I am, here I am, the Method Man
Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake, hey! The Method Man
Don't eat Skippy, Jif or Peter Pan
Peanut butter 'cause I'm not butter
In fact, I snap back like a rubber
Band, I be Sam, Sam-I-Am
And I don't eat green eggs and ham
Style will hit ya, wham! Then goddamn
You'll be like, "Oh shit, that's the jam!"
Turn it up, now hear me get buck w-w-wild
I'm about to blow, light me up
Upside, downside, inside and outside
Hittin' you from every angle, there's no doubt I
Am the one and only Method Man
The master of the plan, rappin' shit like Saran
Wrap, with some of this and some of that
Hold up (what?) I tawt I taw I putty tat
Over there, but I think he best to beware
Of the diggy dog shit right here
Yippy yippy yay yippy yah yippy yo
Like Deck said, this ain't your average flow
Comin' like rah ooh ah achie kah
Tell me, how you like it so far, baby paw?
The poetry's in motion, coast to coast and
Rub it on your skin like lotion
What's the commotion? Oh my Lord
Another corn chopped by the Wu-Tang sword
"Hey, hey, hey!" like Fat Albert
It's the Method Man, ain't no if ands about it
It's the Method

All right, y'all, get your White Owls
Get your meth, get your skins
Don't forget your forty
And we gonna do it like this

I got fat bags of skunk
I got White Owl blunts
And I'm about to go get lifted
Yes, I'm about to go get lifted
I got myself a forty
I got myself a shorty
And I'm about to go and stick it
Yes, I'm about to go and stick it, uhh

H-U-F-F, huff, and I puff
Blow like snow when the cold wind's blowin'
Zoooom, I hit the mic like boom!
Wrote a song about it, like to hear it? Here it goes
Question, what exactly is a panty raider?
Ill behavior, savior or major flavor
All of the above, oh yeah, plus seducer
Also, flam, I'm the man, call me super
Not an average Joe with an average flow
Doin' average things with average hoes
Yo, I'm super, I'll make a bitch squirm
For my Super Sperm (check it)
Check it, I give it to you raw butt-naked
I smell sess, pass the method
Let's get lifted as I kick ballistic
Missiles and shoot game like a pistol
Clip is loaded when I click bang (bang!)
A Wu-Tang slug hits your brain
J-U-M-P, jump, and I thump
Make girls rumps like pump and Humpty Hump
Wild, the Shaolin style is all in me
Child, the whole damn isle is callin' me
P-A-N-T-Y R-A-I-D-E-R, mad raw, I don't fry
Meaning, no one can burn or toss and turn me
Ooh, I be the super sperm
Chim chiminy chim chim cher-ee
Freak a flow and flow fancy free
Now, how many licks does it take
For me to hit the Tootsie Roll center of a break?
Peep and don't sleep, the crew's mad deep (Wu-Tang!)
Fadin' motherfuckers like bleach
So to each and every crew
You're clear like glass, I can see right through
Your whole damn posse be catchin' 'em all, 'cause you vic'd
And you didn't have friends to begin with, I'm…

The M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man
Here I am, here I am, the Method Man

Straight from the slums of Shaolin
Wu-Tang Killa Beez on a swarm
(Your soul have just been tooken
Through the 36 Chambers of death, kid)
Word to mother, Method Man signin' off, peace(Can we talk on the phone or something)
Because when I call (When I call you on the phone)
I hope you pick up your phone
I'd like to talk to you
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
Because when I call
I hope you pick up your phone
I'd like to talk to you
I hope you answer

Hey Dad, it's me, um...
Oh, I'm Tyler, I think I'd be your son
Sorry, I called you the wrong name, see, my brain's splitting
"Dad" isn't your name, see "Faggot"'s a little more fitting
Mom was only twenty when you ain't have any fucks to spare
You Nigerian fuck, now I'm stuck with this shitty facial hair
Also stuck with a beautiful home with a case of stairs
So you not being near fucking fire-started my damn career
But fuck it, I got Clancy, he gave me the chance to see
A world I wasn't supposed to, I'm stoked that I didn't know you
But sucks you ain't give a fuck and considered a sperm donor now
The fuck is an Okonma? I'm changing my shit to Haley
And I just ain't being passive, nigga
You a fucking faggot, nigga
Got a show on Monday, guess who ain't getting no passes, nigga?
But if I ever had the chance to ask this nigga
And call him...
I hope he answer

I hope you answer
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
Because when I call (When I call, baby)
I hope you pick up your phone (Please pick up)
I'd like to talk to you
(I hope you answer)

Suck my fucking dick and swallow this case of nuts
Ace hates your guts, I'm a selfish fuck
And I ain't sharing green as if I'm facing blunts
Frank is out the closet, Hodgy's an alcoholic
Syd might be bipolar, but fuck it, I couldn't call it
Supposed to be gone 'til November but quickly came back in August
I left two months through September to clearly remember all this
I would like to tell my grandma, but she just nostalgic
I'll call her number
But she won't answer

I hope you answer
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
'Cause when I call (When I call, baby)
I hope you pick up your phone
(I'd like to talk to you)
I hope you answer

You claim to hate my fucking guts
But say I'm on a island in Thailand and I was wilding
And, if I got stranded had to man up and hold my nuts
And hope that I could live off salt water and fucking coconuts
Phone ain't got no service, this 3G is fucking worthless
Day is getting dark like the area's turning urban
You'll be fucking nervous like me inside of a Church's
But, I'ma get in contact regardless, and
I hope you answer

The last verse was about this girl, hahaBaby, don't stop
Baby, don't stop
You couldn't make me this
I wanna get freaky, freaky
And let me lick you up and down
(Let me take you up and down, haha)
Up and down
(Up and)
Up and down
(G-Herbo, ha)
Let me making you soaking wet baby

Let me show you how the gangsters do it
I know you tryna get it off
Turn the Bryson Tiller off, let me fuck you to this gangster music
Body bangin' and I can't refuse it
Pussy good, so tight, know I gotta abuse it
One stroke, two strokes, same beat as the music
Aye and that shit so wet I took the rubber off, can't even use it
I love when you start screamin' out when I go deep into it
Know I'm goin' hard, I can't stop killin', in love with you moanin'
We go again, over and over, know she my opponent
Win, lose, or draw
She leave me breathin' hard, I leave her soakin'
I kiss your lips, we lick and suck, and let me bend it over
She throw it back, I'm in her stomach, know she feelin' it
So deep, she tryna run but can't because I'm still in it
She feelin' it, she lovin' it, she feelin' it
We wasn't deep at first but now we got our feelin's in
When I'm on the road she missin' me, yeah cause she not on that
When I land', I'm on my way, can't wait to put my mouth on it

(Up and down)
Aye
(Up and down)
Let me lick you (up and down)
You already know what is man when you callin' me baby
Just pull up, two, three cribs, you come whenever look

Baby let me get it fresh up out the shower
Tongue kiss your lips, caress you, stroke you for an hour
She leakin', soakin', bite her lips soon as I'm slidin' in
Can't get no deeper, she start scratchin', and she grabbin' me
I can take the pain, she say my name when I start grinding it
Fucked around and fell in love, I met her from around the land
First started off as my little bitch, wasn't even fuckin' then
Let me inside, I'll beat it up, and I've been busting since
Can't take it when I'm lickin' it, when I start suckin' it
She comin' in spread her legs, keep lickin', make her cum again
She know I keep it super real, realer than most of 'em
She know it's fuck them other bitches, can't get over her
Aye, like a roller coast with her
Haa, she ride, I'm holdin' her
And after that I told her

(Let me lick you soakin' wet baby)
Let me lick you soakin' wet baby, haha
(Baby, don't stop)
Don't stop
(Baby, don't stop)
Get on top
(Baby, don't stop)
I told her
(Baby, don't stop)
Haah
(Baby, don't stop)
You already know what it is, you know? When I'm with you it feel like, when I'm with you it feel like -- It ain't nothin' else goin' on, everything revolvin' around us, you know we kickin' it. Besides us fuckin' baby, we just be kickin' it. I need somebody to kick it when I'm goin' through everything I'm goin' through. When I can just lay back, smoke a blunt, rub my back or somethin', you know I'm sayin'? Let me vent to you sometimes baby. Hoes ain't shit but pussies, haha I told 'em hoes ain't shit but pussies, hahaAll these bitches out here tryna be a playmate
But I wanna be Hugh Hefner
I wanna throw bands on these hoes

Fuck on your bitch like I'm Hefner
I take 10 percent like I rep her
No fake in my tits but I'll check hers
Your bitch give me brain like her neck hurt

I can count higher than twenty-one
My bank is just fine, get your money up
Gold in my blunts, it be rolling up
Red on my shoes and we pulling up
You used to dropping panties now you drownin' in them Xanies
Got my name all in your mouth, yeah your tweet just gave me clout
I'll drop 5k on a drop of fucking water
More ice on my wrist than tuition for your daughter

Yo, I fucked your bitch
I'm sorry I'm rich and you're not
Tana, Tana, Tana, Tana, Tana, Tana, Tana
Playmate of the month
Cash come in lumps
Keys full of bumps
Mans all on my humps

Fuck on your bitch like I'm Hefner
She say she in love but I left her
She sip on my pussy like nectar
She say he was good but I'm better

Hoppin' in this bitch like a mother fucking bunny
Playin' all these boys like I’m catchin' bears with honey
Sign NDA's, keep 'em quiet
We out in these streets like a riot
I want Gucci shit so I buy it
Can't catch my flow so don't try it

Tana, Tana, Tana, Tana, ayy
Woah, yeahYo, Meth, hold up, hold up
Yo, Meth, where my Killer tape at, God?
First of all, where my
Where the fuck is my tape at?

Yo, son, I ain't got that piece, son

How you ain't got my shit when I let you hold it, man?

Yo, niggas came over to have 40s and blunts, kid
The shit just came up missin', son

Come on, man, that don't got nothin' to do with my shit, man
Come on, man, go head with that shit, man

Come on, man, I'll buy you four more fuckin' Killer tapes, man

 Aiyo! Aiyo!

Open the door, man! What the fuck, man?
Yo, what? What's up?

Yo, yo, God, word is bond, yo
Shameek just got bust in his head two times, God!

Word to mother!

Word life, God
You know Shameek from fuckin' 212, God?
The nigga just got bucked
Niggas in a black Land, God, word is bond
Came through, God, from out of nowhere, God
Word is bond I'm comin' to get my Culture Cipher, God
And they just… word is bond
Crazy shots just went the fuck off, God

Niggas let off crazy shots, kid

The nigga layin' there like a fuckin' newborn fuckin' baby, God

Word up!

Is he dead?

Is he fuckin' dead?
What the fuck you mean is he fuckin' dead, God?

What the fuck kind of question is that, B? Fuck you think?

Easy, easy

The nigga layin' there with his fuckin'…
All types of fuckin' blood comin' out of his fuckin'…

(sarcastically) Is he is he is he dead?

Yo, God, what's up, God? It's the God, God, word is bond
Yo, what's up? I'm ready to fuckin' lay…
I'm ready to get busy, God, what's up?

Yo, let's go do what we got…

What's up, yo?

Yo let's go do what we gotta do, man, fuck it

Yo, we out or what, man?

It's the God, God, fuck that, man

You sayin' we out?

They probably took the tape

What the fuck?

Nigga still sweatin' the tape, man

What the fuck is you talkin' about? Get the fuck outta here!

Fuckin' corn!

Good Morning Vietnam!
Yeah, good morning
To all you motherfuckin' knotty-headed niggas
Word to the camouflage large niggas
Bitch, where the fuck is my bottle?
Bring that fuckin' meth in here!
Yo, yo, yo
Now we gonna drink some good Night train
Yo, yo, yo, yo!

Champion gear that I rock, you get your boots knocked
Then attack you like a pit, then lock shit down
As I come and freaks the sound
Hardcore, but givin' you more and more like "Ding!"
Nah, shorty, get you open like six packs
Killa Beez attack, flippin' what?
Murder one phat tracks, aight? I kick it like a Nike Flight
Word life, I get that ass robbed on spite
Check the method from Bedrock, 'cause I rock your head to bed
Just like rockin' what? Twin Glocks!
Shake the ground while my beats just break you down
Raw sound, goin' to war right now
So, yo, bombin', We Usually Take All Niggas Garments
Save your breath before I vomit

I be that insane nigga from the psycho ward
I'm on the trigger, plus I got the Wu-Tang sword
So how you figure, that you can even fuck with mine?
Hey, yo, RZA! Hit me with that shit one time!
And pull a foul, niggas, save the beef for the cow
I'm milkin' this ho, this is my show, Tical!
The fuck you wanna do on this mic piece, duke?
I'm like a sniper, hyper off the ginseng root
PLO Style, buddha monks with the owls
Now who's the fuckin' man? Meth-Tical

On the chessbox
"Wu-Tang style"
(Yo, yeah, yo)

I leave the mic in body bags, my rap style has the force
To leave you lost like the Tribe of Shabazz
Murderous material made by a madman
It's the mic wrecker, Inspectah, bad man
From the bad lands of the Killa
Rap fanatic representin' with the skill that's iller
Dare to compare, get pierced just like your ear
The Shooby Doo-Wop pop, strictly hardware
Armed and geared 'cause I just broke out the prison
Charged by the system for murderin' the rhythm
Now lo and behold another deadly episode
Bound to catch another fuckin' charge when I explode

Slammin' a hype-ass verse 'til your head burst
I ramshack dead in the track and that's that
Rap assassin, fast and quick to blast and hardrock
I ran up in spots like Fort Knox
I'm hot, top notch, Ghost thinks with logic
Flashbacks how I attacked your whole project
I'm raw, I'm rugged and raw, I repeat
If I die, my seed'll be ill like me
Approachin' me, yo, out of respect, chops to neck
I get vexed, like crashin' up a phat-ass Lex
So, clear the way! Make way! Yo, open the cage!
Peace, I'm out, jettin' like a runaway slave

You gettin' stripped from your garments, boy, run your jewels
All the meth got me open like fallopian tubes
I bring death to a snake when he least expect
Ain't a damn thing changed, boy, Protect Ya Neck!
Ruler Zig-Zag-Zig Allah, jam is fatal
Quick to stick my Wu-Tang sword right through your navel
Suspenseful force bein' brought through my utensil
The pencil, I bring strong winds up against you
Havoc, then run up through your county like the Maverick
Caps through the tablets, I gots to make the fabrics

A-a-a-ah-ah, are you a warrior, killer? Slicin' shit like a samurai?
The Ol' Dirty Bastard from the bar!
Ol' Dirty clan of terrorists
Comin' at your ass like a sorceress, shootin' that piss
Niggas be gettin' on my fuckin' nerves
Rhymes they be kickin' make me wanna kick their fuckin' ass to the curb
Boy got funky fresh like the Old Specialist
A carrier, messenger, bury ya
This experience is for the whole experience
Let it be applied, Unique drop that science

My-My-My-My clan is thick like plaster, bust ya, slash ya
Slit a nigga back like a Dutch Master
Killer, style jumped off in Killa Hilla
I was the thriller in the Ali-Frazier Manila
I came down with phat tracks that combine and interlock
Like gettin' smashed by a cinder block
Bow! Now it's all over
Niggas seein' pink hearts, yellow moons
Orange stars and green cloversIntercepting a fifth of whisky and necking it 'til I'm dizzy
I never was defenseless, I never hugged the fence
I pick a side and trust in it, stomach full of drugs and shit
My niggas on some other, Cleanse  Sunday, binge Monday
Then another six days, back to Sunday when it's done again (Shit)

And the pants better be creased on my corpse
If you need that, run until the street lights off
Back got bigger, got the team strapped on
And you thought it was magic but that's just the difference
Nigga, my team is magicians
We think of the shit that we want then we get it
Look I got hoes in my britches
Big Up Dill & Britches, full part coming soon
Thought you knew this my nigga
It's crackin' like french tips
Just checking and balancing
Checks and the salaries testing my friendships
Cause niggas get sour of this
Rap shit got the best of me, I threw the rest off the balcony
Shout out Da$H and RetcHy
I know yo' bitch check for me, so much for chivalry
So long to every bitch tryna get intimate
I'm in my 20's now
Feet aimed at the jaws of the running mouth
Disdain for the law since a fucking child
Spotlights on me, I ain't stopping in my tracks
We taking it all then we running out
Threw shade in the past, but you love me now, huh?
Put your face in your palm when I come around ya
Tell momma get a gun if I get too popular
I'm just being honest with her
Tell her stop whining, it ain't no more problems
I'm the best out of all these niggas
Watch your tone when you speaking (yeah)
Ain't no home for the weak and
No rest for your ass if I know that you're sleeping
I'm here and I'm there and I'm up and I'm down
And I'm low and I'm peakin' (Yup)
It's cold in the deep end (Yup)
(I'm low and I'm creeping)

Bitch nigga, we the train, if you see 'em wave
Ain't no bitch in my DNA
Bitch nigga, we the train, if you see 'em wave
Ain't no bitch in my DNA

Hundred blunts, niggas change, that's my day to day
Niggas tryna ride my train like they fucking strays
My bro left today, fuck
Hot sauce in my cup of noodles; you taught me that
I ain't seen you in some years and this news right here
Almost made me have a heart attack
Your mama heart intact; we just spoke, I couldn't stomach that
I'm going to London on the first
I'm bringin you somethin back
A house on the hill with a big ass grill
Where we could have a boxing match
Japan, Australia, I know you be proud of that
I got a couple bitches now, I ain't gotta lie 'bout that
I know you in a better place; I can't even cry about that
When I look into the clouds, I know you look down on me
Right next to grandmammy
And the rest of the ones who wanna see me happyYep, igh, igh, igh

I got suspended, ooh, you got suspended
For chiefin' a hunnid blunts, 14,400 minutes
Fans all in the stands, they hands for Mr. Bennett
That racket over the net, ooh, give me my tennis
Shoes, give me a minute, ooh, I can't be tardy
My class is already started, they told my mom I'm retarded
But that 10 Day done in one night, Honda from a Hyundai
No tassel in the spring, but after summer I'm alumni
They took my nigga one night, and I was standing right there
An inch away from Heaven, a million songs from right here
A step away from South by, a swing away from Cali
A hook away from verses, I'm a dad away from rapping
So at the school they arrested him, back seat, squad car, nestled in
Shouts to the bitch nigga Heselton
Wit' his Big Show body ass wrestlin'
Finna see the 10 Day Pestilence, so far, so good, so special and
No stars, good jobs, or excellents
And I'm still so fucking nonchalant
Ooh, you got suspended, ooh, you not gon' finish
Ooh, you look familiar, ooh, you look like Kenneth
Damn they gon' resent it, ooh, you representin'
A class of bad kids, 14,400 minutes, ahh

Igh, igh, igh, igh, igh, igh, igh, igh (Ayy)Uh, I like that, you like that?
Here's another one, and another one
And another one, and another one
Uh
Whaat, whaat (c'mon)

You must be used to me spending (uh, uh)
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
Uh, here's another one
And another one
Uh, uh, what

Some say the X, make the sex spec-tacular
Make me lick you from yo' neck to your back, then ya
Shivering, tongue delivering
Chills up that spine, that ass is mine
Skip the wine and the candlelight, no Cristal tonight
If it's all right with you, we fucking (that's cool)
Déjà vu, the blunts sparked, finger fucking in the park
Pissy off Bacardi Dark
Remember when I used to play between your legs?
You begged for me to stop because you know where it would head
Straight to your mother's bed
Not the Marriott, we be lucky if we find a spot
Next to your sister, damn I really missed the
Way she used to rub my back, when I hit that
Way she used to giggle when your ass would wiggle
Now I know you're used to suites at the Parker Meridien
Trips to the Caribbean, but tonight, no ends

You must be (uh) used to me spending
You must be used to me (uh)
And all that sweet wining and dining (what)
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
Here's another one (fucking you tonight)
And another one (no doubt baby)
And another one (fucking you)
What! What!
You must be used to me spending
You must be! (uh, uh)
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
Here's another one (fucking you)
And another one (no doubt about it babe, fucking you)
Uh, uh

Girl you look fine
Like a wide face Rolex, you just shine
I like that waistline
Let me hit that from behind, which wall you wanna climb
My style genuine, girl I love you long time
I got you pinned up, with your fucking limbs up
All because you like the way my Benz was rimmed up
Bitch keep yo' chin up, please watch me do thee
Nasty, like it when you make it move fast mami
I like it when you tro' it pon me
No love making, strictly back breaking
Cease know, all his hoes, go to my door
Then they go to his flo', to fuck some more
So no, caviar, Shark Bar, uh-uh
Strictly sex that's sweaty and leftover spaghetti
I know you used to slow CD's and Dom P's
But tonight it's eight tracks and six-packs while I hit that

You must be used to me spending
(You must be, used to me)
And all that sweet wining and dining (spending all his money baby, on you)
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
Can you feel me?, 'cause I can feel you
Can you feel me?, 'cause I can feel you
You must be used to me spending
You must be used to me
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
(fucking you tonight)
Can you feel me? (make ya feel so right),'cause I can feel you (baby come to me)
Can you feel me (give me what I need), R. Kelly take me to the bridge

Let's stop the bullshit, baby
Let me take you to the spot, fit you hot
So you wanna be with me (say what), Puff Daddy (that's right)
B.I.G. (let's go), bring that ass to me

You must be used to me spending
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
(Said I'm fucking you tonight)
Can you feel me? (fucking you tonight) 'cause I can feel you (stroking you tonight)
Can you feel me?, 'cause I can feel you
You must be used to me spending
(You must be used to me spending)
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
Fucking you baby, I'm fucking you baby
(You must be!!) You must be used to me spending
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight (I'm doing it baby, I'm doing it baby, I'm doing it baby ah yeahowow)
You must be used to me spending
(you must be babe, used to me)
And all that sweet wining and dining (spending money all of the time, on you)
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
No matter what you may say, babe
Giving it to you, any way I possibly can
You must be used to me spendin'
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight, oohhh baby, sugar, honeyDear God
I ask you to make my heart cold tonight
From all strangers all bustas
You know what im talking about?
Father God I been betrayed
Cause I been betrayed
Feel like they beat me like a slave
How many niggas been betrayed out there tonight
Plenty of times nigga
Nigga don't keep it real no more

After all the fucking shit we done been through (huh bruh)
All the pussy niggas we done tend to (huh bruh)
But it don't mean nothing when a nigga money low
Niggas will shoot you in the back and cut yo fucking throat like Rich and Alpo
Now its hard for me to trust somebody
Family neither they'll steal if they know you got it
God forgive me I been hurt by a couple niggas
That's why I wake up say my prayers and be like fuck a nigga
Bitches want riches so they trying to slide the rubber off trying to get pregnant
When you stupid hoes gon' learn yo lesson (mm mm mm)
Man it seem like the mo love you show a nigga
When you fall off you be like damn did I know this nigga
I'm glad I rap cuz these days they testify
Nigga ain't catch you with nothin' and he got 25
Just cuz he say he gon' ride don't mean he loyal dawg
It's Cain and Abel again forgive us father God

Father God I been betrayed (turn on me)
Feel like they beat me like a slave (my homie)
But I learn from my mistakes (I learn from my mistakes)
We living in the last days pray for me and make me cold hearted
Father God I been betrayed (turn on me)
Feel like they beat me like a slave (my homie)
But I learn from my mistakes (I learn from my mistakes)
We living in the last days pray for me and make me cold hearted

They criticize me huh, they talk about me bad
Ain't nobody wanna sign me, I had to show my ass
If I love you ain't no question i'd give my last
One day this heart gonna get me zipped up in a body bag
What about ya first love? Huh she played it cold didn't it?
Made a nigga shed a tear and she changed a nigga
So we fuck'em and dump'em never trust'em or love'em
No need for friends, fuck friends, friends turn into bustas
Momma gonna tell ya when that nigga ain't right (momma know!)
Momma know because she pray every night
I done and wash my hands with all this pussy shit
Niggas be hating but Boosie Boo he hood rich
On top of that I'm a Scorpio so I'm unforgivable
First time you fuck with me dog I let them killas go
I'm down and dirty cause a nigga heard me
Geefus supposed to be dead but I let him slide cause he ain't worth it

Father God I been betrayed (turn on me)
Feel like they beat me like a slave (my homie)
But I learn from my mistakes (I learn from my mistakes)
We living in the last days pray for me and make me cold hearted
Father God I been betrayed (turn on me)
Feel like they beat me like a slave (my homie)
But I learn from my mistakes (I learn from my mistakes)
We living in the last days pray for me and make me cold hearted

Feel like somebody burning candles on me
That's why that choppa in my phantom and my house got all them cameras on it
Know I'm standing under the light
So I just try to do right
Ain't been in church but I pray every night
Its like I used to didn't give a fuck
But over the years I don learned and I got out here
And earned so much to live for
My niggas tell me slow it down for real you need to chill bruh
Stay up on your grind, take your time, bring your kids up
My grandma told me look at you look what the streets done did to ya
Alot of niggas done changed on me
I came up they switched up my daughter almost died, man it all seem wrong
The only thing good is my dog came home
My mind gone my heart mad my soul so pissed
I think my niggas tried to rob me, that's some fucked up shit
Blowing killa when I ride, in my mirror when I ride by
Can see some niggas doing a coward-ass drive-by
Some of these pussies really think that they got 9 lives
You might as well don't even bust back
Cause this bitch 100 shots
And we been getting it by the pound
You know we blunted out
Something fancy stunt it out
Throwing money out

Father God I been betrayed (turn on me)
Feel like they beat me like a slave (my homie)
But I learn from my mistakes (I learn from my mistakes)
We living in the last days pray for me and make me cold hearted
Father God I been betrayed (turn on me)
Feel like they beat me like a slave (my homie)
But I learn from my mistakes (I learn from my mistakes)
We living in the last days pray for me and make me cold heartedAnd I feel like I'm
By accident

I feel like I'm stalking you, I swear
I keep on watching your snaps, I'm stuck on your Instagram
And girl, I don't even follow you, I can't
Too busy calling you back, sometimes I don't understand

But girl, I feel like I walk past you, flexed on you by accident
I hopped in a Bentley, I don't plan on crashing it
I told you that I love you baby, I was gassin' it
Gold blunts rolled up, I ain't mashing it
Before you was my baby baby you was just a friend
And know that I was just in the streets hustlin'
They threw me in the jungle so I started bussin' licks
I ran into a mic and then I said, "Fuck the shit"
They call me young Mike, 'bout to get the glove and shit
Two diamond rings yea I paid a dub for it
Throw subs at me bet I don't respond to it
I'm countin' up money while you niggas commenting
Stuck on your ex and I can get you over it
VVS on my neck, let's come and see how cold it get
Before I sent you that message I was on my thirtieth sip
I was drinking a Sunkist and then I put the dirty in it

And I swear, that's why I'm watching your snaps
I'm stuck on your Instagram
And girl, I don't even follow you, I can't
Too busy calling you back, sometimes I don't understand
I feel like I'm stalking you, I swear
I keep on watching your snaps, I'm stuck on your Instagram
And girl, I don't even follow you, I can't
Too busy calling you back, sometimes I don't understand
I feel like I'm

Should pick you up in my spaceship
You're way too good for me
I ran out of shit to say, she ask me questions all day
I can't keep making up stories
She said goodbye and left me in the cold
If I can't take it, I'm sorry
I need good vibes, if not, leave me alone
I swear I hate to see you walk away
But you look so damn good when you walk away
Do you ever think about stalkin' me
Cause I do just in case you been wondering

And I swear, that's why I'm watching your snaps
I'm stuck on your Instagram
And girl, I don't even follow you, I can't
Too busy calling you back, sometimes I don't understand
I feel like I'm stalking you, I swear
I keep on watching your snaps, I'm stuck on your Instagram
And girl, I don't even follow you, I can't
Too busy calling you back, sometimes I don't understand
I feel like I'mGot my headlights off, we're sittin' outside
If you climb in my car, then we're here all night, ooh
A couple blunts rolled and I got my windows down
Shorty, it's been a while since you've been this high

If you're waitin' on love, then you waitin' for a while
If your neighbors wake up, then we gotta turn it down
So you say I'm the type you like keepin' around
You like keepin' around

Late at night, eleven, we're cruisin'
Lately, I've been watchin' your movements
If I'm the only one that you're choosin'
Am I your favorite drug you've been usin'?
Late at night, eleven, we're crusin'
Lately, I've been watchin' your movements
If I'm the only one that you're choosin'
Am I your favorite drug you've been usin'?

21s sittin' on my M5 (Yeah)
Ride around summer, all-wheel-drive, yeah
Couple blunts in and I got my windows down
Lookin' real nice in my passenger side

If you're waitin' on love, then you waitin' for a while
If your neighbors wake up, then we gotta turn it down
So you say I'm the type you like keepin' around
You like keepin' around

Late at night, eleven, we're cruisin'
Lately, I've been watchin' your movements
If I'm the only one that you're choosin'
Am I your favorite drug you've been usin'?
Late at night, eleven, we're cruisin'
Lately, I've been watchin' your movements
If I'm the only one that you're choosin'
Am I your favorite drug you've been usin'?

Ooh, don't you forget about me
Ooh, don't you forget about me
Ooh, don't you forget about me
Ooh, don't forget about me
Ooh, don't you forget about me
Ooh, don't forget about me, yeah
Ooh, don't you forget about me
Ooh, don't you forget about me

Late at night, eleven, we're cruisin'
(Lately, I've been watchin' your, watchin' your)
If I'm the only one that you're choosin'
Am I your favorite drug you've been usin'?

Don't you forget about me
If I'm the only one that you're
Am I your favorite drug you've been usin', usin'?
If I'm the only one that you're
Am I your favorite drug you've been usin', usin'?
Don't you forget about me
If I'm the only one that you're
Am I your favorite drug you've been usin', usin'?
If I'm the only one that you're
Am I your favorite drug you've been usin', usin'?(Bobby Soxer!)
Do the D-A-N-C-E, one, two, three, four, fight
Stick to the B-E-A-T, get ready to ignite
You were such a P-Y-T, catching all the lights
Just easy as A-B-C, that's how you make it right
(You have interfered with our affairs for the last time)
(Sinatra)

I am literally in the air, right now, rapping up a stewardess
First class, I am so new at this
Used to ride the metro, now that shit is retro
Like the infrareds on my feet, baby let's go
Sinatra what they know me by, Logic what they call me
Gotta catch a flight but the fans wanna stall me
Life of a don, chain just glowin'
Always in the lab with the fresh kicks on
I'm at the MGM, rocking MCM, Bobby Soxer on my arm it's only 10 PM
Got the RattPack with me going HAM at the hotel
Name brand everything fuck a wholesale
No, I am not materialistic
I was broke my whole life, and no I don't miss it
Last seven years of my life was in a lab
Working everyday giving it everything I had
Now that a brother is finally recognized
I will not let the limelight hypnotize
Everybody be sure, I'mma always want more
Does anybody make real shit anymore?

Under the spotlight, neither black nor white
It doesn't matter (Do the dance, do the dance)
As strong as you might, working day and night
Whatever happens (Do the dance, do the dance)

The grind never stops, like I'm running from the cops
It's hard to stay humble when you're force-fed props
But I don't give a damn, I am just a man
I am not more important than any one of my fans
First name Bobby so I'm all about The Hundreds
Work so hard, ery'body think I'm blunted (Hah)
Gunning hard with the mask and Glock
And I'ma stay with extra clips 'till the casket drops
Finna blow in the next three years, tops
Talking worldwide, not just hip-hop
Rappers now-a-days so flip-flop
Talking 'bout you, wanna work
Motherfucker kick rocks
I am on the come up, headed to the top
Repping MD, and never will I stop
Me and the crew V's up, Visionary what it do
Step to the mic, lyricism ensues
We go hard, only on campus when I wanna study abroad
Guess that's why they wonder if I go there
All the groupie bitches wanna put they fingers through my hair
Can't fade the thirst, chill out, whoa there
Let me get it, let me bring it back
Haters talking shit but I get richer when they doing that
Yes I am pursuing that, number one album, worldwide
And fuck whoever doubt him (Logic)

Under the spotlight, neither black nor white
It doesn't matter (Do the dance, do the dance)
As strong as you might, working day and night
Whatever happens (Do the dance, do the dance)

Is this what you want?
(Man what the fuck?)
The way you move is a mysteryGuess with a few exceptions, yeah, I'm living honest
Except I promised my momma that I would finish college
Started chasing profit
Sorry ma, I ain't forget about it but if money evil
I'm hoping that you could see through all the drama
And watch me get these dollars
And my ambition burn so hot, it's like I'm bleeding lava
Haters be pleading me to stop but I don't even bother
Though my approach is seeming awkward, I could see it proper
See success and I just see the fact that I don't need a father
Doms hotter than the drop of Harry Potter shit
Pedal to the metal, high-level, full throttle shit
Still searching for a reason why niggas ain't acknowledge this
I'm lost in an era where real shit does not exist
I need the sway of things, I'm everyday cooling it
I'm getting blazed and laughing at the way they overdoing shit
I'm just a old soul sticking to a newer script
I guess I got to prove this shit, I'm truly too legit to quit

I'd like to send a shout to the fathers that didn't raise us
To every old hater, now unable to say much
To critics doing dirty with comments, a nigga paid for an apartment
Yesterday off some songs I haven't yet made up
Black Cressida, pay up
Bars going hard as the ashtray where I place guts
Shouts to the eses who paid pesos to play us
Riding in the barrio
Huff and puff blowing kush in Huf clothing articles
Kenny rolling blunts got us stuck like a barnacle
To the bottom of your shit, ironic cause the audios
As nautical as ships, look momma, look momma
Look, your product is legit, I promise, honest
This karma got me balling up my fist
'Til I demolish your clique, pardon the clips
I am honestly as bomb as it gets
Regardless of who is talking, I'm farming, harvesting hits
Just me and Domo and lit marijuana to split between two of us
Rocking boxes easy as warming some ramen noodles up
So, searching for a way to state it right
Young, black, and jaded, vision hazy strolling through the nightAfter laughter comes tears

Check the script, me and the gods gettin' ripped
Blunts in the dip, forty dogs in my lip
Had a box, 'boom boom' the bass would blast
We was laughin' at all the girls that passed
Conversation, brothers had began to discuss
(Hey yo, Rob, remember that kid you bust?)
Aw yeah, he ran, but he didn't get far
'Cause I dropped him, heh heh heh heh heh ha
Not knowin' exactly what lied ahead
My little brother, my mother sent him out for bread
Get the Wonder, it's a hot day in the summer
Didn't expect to come across a crazy gunner
"Hey, Shorty, check it, run the bag and the dough!"
But he was brave, looked him in the eye, and said "No!"
Money splattered him, BOW! Then he snatched the bag
Hit his pockets, then he jetted up the Ave
Girls screamin', the noise up and down the block
(Hey, Rakeem!) What? (Your little brother got shot!)
I ran frantically, then I dropped down to his feet
I saw the blood all over the hot concrete
I picked him up, then I held him by his head
His eyes shut, that's when I knew he was…
Aw man! How do I say goodbye?
It's always the good ones that have to die
Memories in the corner of my mind
Flashbacks, of us laughin' all the time
I taught him all about the bees and birds
But I wish I had a chance to sing these three words

After laughter comes tears

Me and my man, my ace Big Moe from the shelter
'Bout to hit the skins from this girl named Thelma
Now, Thelma had a rep that was higher than her neck
Every girl from Shaolin dissed her respect
We was stimmy, you know how it is when you're blitzed
Three o'clock in the mornin', somethin' got to give
Moe said he'll go first, I said I'll take next
Here, take this raincoat and practice safe sex!
He seemed to ignore, I said, "Be for real!
She's not even worth it to go raw deal."
A man's gonna do what a man's gonna do
He got butt-naked and stuck the power U
Twenty minutes went by, Moe, I'm out without a doubt
I'm not pumpin' up, I am airin' out
Hey yo, he came out laughin' with glory
I'm surprised he's still livin' to tell his story
But he carried on with the same old stuff
With Stephanie, like a Whammy, he pressed his luck
Moe tried to be down with O.P.P
Ain't nothin' wrong, but he got caught with the H.I.V
Now no life to live, doc says two more years
So after the laughter I guess comes the tears

After laughter comes tearsAin't no game, I'm takin' all you have
And you're gonna pay for it
I don't know if I can stop myself
And you're gonna pay for it
Oh, you'll never learn
I touch fire, little burn
This ain't no game, I'm takin' all you have
And you're gonna pay for it

It's a heavy load, I stroll on a bumpy road
No jacket when I was cold, becomin' one with my soul
Stand toe to toe with my foes, these wolves in sheep clothes
No weapon on me shall prosper, nigga, you better watch it
You playin' with fire, burnin' you slow, hold up
I hear the whispers wishin', it's all cheap voodoo
I keep it cool to keep from goin' coo-coo
With a cal', aimin' at fake smiles and turn them upside down
Came too far for my feet to fail me
Lord, if I'm wrong you can help me now, hold up
Wait a minute, what am I sayin'?
The Devil, he busy, tryna get me everyday in every way
I won't let up, I won't shut up
You can't stop me, you won't knock me, ten-four, now copy
Live almighty, my declaration been written
In hieroglyphics on top of the highest mountain, now listen

Ain't no game, I'm takin' all you have
And you're gonna pay for it
I don't know if I can stop myself
And you're gonna pay for it

I tell 'em all to hail King Kendrick, resurrectin' my vengeance
Been dissectin' your motormouth, 'til I break down the engine
This ain't no warnin' shot, this a relevant henchman
See my opponent, then — cease your existence
Endin' our friendship, baby, I'd rather die alone
Your diaphragm is dietary, what you eatin' on?
Capture your audience with these words, boy
The holy Chapel, the tabernacle, the book of Matthew
And Jesus starin' at you, take your turn, boy
See? It's gon' take a whole lot of y'all to kill me
See? It's gon' take a whole tribe of y'all to kill me, I never die
My pedigree apparently only to idolize
Ahead of me is only my future and idle time
Longevity, I gotta get used to makin' you mine
You tellin' me I only get used to livin' if fine
You can never live in my shoes, permanently paid from God

When the sun goes down, I scream loud, I'll sleep when I die
But I will never die, my legacy is alive
When the sun goes down, I scream loud, I'll sleep when I die
But I will never die, my legacy is alive

I gotta get it off my chest, push words just like weight
I got to eat 'til it shows on my face
Tragedy turned to triumph, I'm tryin' just to relate
Jumpin' off of them towers, I'm takin' that leap of faith
Playin' at high stakes
Now when I speak, their pupils'll dilate
Their speakers'll vibrate
Know you feelin' the vibe, that vine couldn't relate
This next clip is long, a son of a gun, big numbers
Do the math, now cover the sum
I come from the slums, we come for the funds
Like run it, under the sun where niggas livin' their life blunted
Countin' the ones, but truthfully nothin' like hundreds
Keep it one hundred
Roadblock in front of me, Look, I'm runnin' through it
Stick and move it, sippin' that Hennessy
This my gutter fluid, nothin' to it
What we lost, we gon' make it back
Like it wasn't missin', now listen, you 'bout to pay for that

Oh, you'll never learn
I touch fire, little burn
This ain't no game, I'm takin' all you have
And you're gonna pay for itHello, everybody. Recording live from somewhere
Looooord... Lord have mercy
Black Star
All nice and decent crew
This is timeless! C'mon!
Follow me now, we say
Say, Hi-Tek, yes, you're ruling hip-hop
Put your hands up! C'mon, c'mon!
Say, J. Rawls, yes, you're ruling hip-hop
Put your hands up, everybody
Redefinition, say, you're ruling hip-hop
Put your hands up, c'mon
Say, Black Star, come to rock it non—

Yo, from the first to the last of it, delivery is passionate
The whole and not the half of it, forecast and aftermath of it
Projectile that them blasted with, accurate assassin shit
Me and Kweli close like Bethlehem and Nazareth
After this, you be pressing rewind on top your master disk
Shining like an asterisk for all those that be gathering
Connecting like a roundhouse from the townhouse to the tenements
'Cause all my Brooklyn residents, known as heavy regiments
Don't believe, here the evidence—where Brooklyn? (WHOA!)
See that? Bound to take it all, kid, believe that
From where they sell they tree at, to where the police be at
Talib Kweli, e-Kweli-ty, yo, tell 'em where we be at;

Brooklyn, New York City, where they paint murals of Biggie
In cash we trust, 'cause it's ghetto fabulous, life look pretty
What a pity—blunts is still fifty cents, it's intense
Tree scents is dominant, can't be covered with incense
My presence felt; my name is Kweli from the Eternal Reflection
People thinking MC is shorthand for misconception
Let me meditate, set it straight, came to the conclusion
That most of these cats is featherweight, let me demonstrate
Walking the streets is like battling; be careful with your body
You must know karate and think your soul is bulletproof like Sade
Stop actin' like a bitch already, be a visionary
And maybe you can see your name in the column of obituaries
Third grade teacher reading and talking about, "I knew he'd amount to nothing."
Neighbors like, "He was the quiet type, who'd have thought they was fronting?"
Talking loud like you on RCA, get carted away with
Body parts and trays, what a way to start your day, yo, it's like—

One, two, three (C'mon!)
Mos Def and Talib Kweli
We came to rock it on to the tip-top (C'mon!)
Best alliance in hip-hop, Y-O
I said, one, two, three
It's kind of dangerous to be a MC (C'mon!)
They shot 2Pac and Biggie
Too much violence in hip-hop, Y-O

I said Manhattan keep on making it, Brooklyn keep on taking it
So, relax, we're taking it back, Red Hook where we're living at
Plenty cats be struggling not hustling and bubbling
It ain't about production, then —what is we discussing?
When the cock crows, my crop grows, enable me to rock flows
Striving for perfection ever since I was a snot-nose
Colossal! True, original b-boy apostle
Standing on the rooftop with the Zulu Gestapo

You think you the shit? Somebody in the wings'll force you to quit
It could be your crew or clique or some random kid you smoked buddha with
Consider me the entity within the industry without a history
Of spitting the epitome of stupidity
Living my life, expressing my liberty, it gotta be
Done properly, my name is in the middle of equality
People follow me, and other cats they hear 'em flow
And assume I'm the real one with the lyrics like I'm Cyrano

Still sipping wishing well water imported from Pluto
Three hundred and sixty milliliters for all the believers
In miles or kilometers, most cats, cannot precede us
In the jungle with the leaders, we them lions, you the cheetahs
Our cypher will complete us as we come through your receivers
You can play us and repeat us and then take us home and read us
(Line for line) Good Jesus! Mos Def and Kweli just
Make a pussy freeze up; think it over, ease up

One, two, three
Mos Def and Talib Kweli
We came to rock it on to the tip-top
Best alliance in hip-hop, Y-O
I said, one, two, three
It's kind of dangerous to be an MC
They shot 2Pac and Biggie
Hold your head when the beat drop, Y-OYeah, Lucas Coly
Yeah, know a couple things
Aye, is you really, yeah im like fuck the games
Yeah, yeah, for the real me
Yeah oh yeaaaah

I just need to know a couple things
Is she down for a nigga, really fuck the games
Aye, like is you down for the real me
Cause i just wanna ride with ya, hope you feel me
Hating on a nigga, so what
I just wanna make money, stack and roll blunts
Baby girl i love to fuck, but love it when we make love cause i love my mamacita, oo she help me stay up

I be going through it, wake up and i pray up
Asking God for money, when i get it ima save up
Niggas sleeping on me, guarantee they wake up
Yeah that might be a homie, guarantee that you ain't safe bruh
I been on some other shit lately
I just pray my mama see me fucking make it
Lot of pain up on my heart and it be hard to fucking take it
Cause you go through a lot when you this famous
They told me go and keep ya head up, focus young nigga go and get ya bread up
They told me keep ya head up, focus young nigga go and get ya bread up
Boy im ballin

I just need to know a couple things
Is she down for a nigga, really fuck the games
Aye, like is you down for the real me
Cause i just wanna ride with ya, hope you feel me
Hating on a nigga, so what
I just wanna make money, stack and roll blunts
Baby girl i love to fuck, but love it when we make love cause i love my mamacita, oo she help me stay up ,yeah

And if you ride shorty, ima ride on every thang
Girl that's on every thang, yeah that's on any name
You promise you gon hold it down so i won't say a thang
I promise if you love me right you get a wedding ring
I put my hustle on, im gone you know i got this shit and i be talking all this grinding cause im bout this shit
I know that ima be somebody i don't doubt the shit
Ballin so hard, they gon have to scout the shit
Cruisin, boolin, working i got no limits, wanna stack it, stay away so ima go get it
Yeah, working i got no limits, i wanna stack it, stay away so ima go and get it

I just need to know a couple things
Is she down for a nigga, really fuck the games
Aye, like is you down for the real me
Cause i just wanna ride with ya, hope you feel me
Hating on a nigga, so what
I just wanna make money, stack and roll blunts
Baby girl i love to fuck, but love it when we make love cause i love my mamacita, oo she help me stay upLove you
Love you
Love you
Love you
Love you

I was only tryin' to love you
I was only tryin' to love you
I was only tryin' to love you
Love you
I was only tryin' to love you
I was only tryin' to love you

Miss days of her laughter
But I've turned another chapter
In the 6 with my Raptors
Went ghost, now you calling me Casper
Could it be, that it's not serious to me
I stay with these
Cause it hurt me way more to leave
Cutting ties after hot sex in the bathroom
Now that we're over I won't look at you
Feelings in my stomach like it's high school
I know there are other niggas looking at you
But you can't diss me on my set
You cuss me 'bout my text
Said it received, but not read
20 minutes later a paragraph or two

I was only tryin' to love you
I was only tryin' to love you
I was only tryin' to love you
Love you
I was only tryin' to love you
I was only tryin' to love you

Naked
Does he make love while you're naked?
Do you never let him taste it?
Does he fuck you like he loves you?
Treat you good like a man should
Does he bathe in the shower for you?
Does he do the things that I do?
Does he tell you that I want you?
I know how much I really love you
I can't-s put no one above you
I'm a lover man for you
You the down girl for me
Rolling blunts on your roof
Let my ex know about you
She can't do things you do
Inside and out the room
You're the only one that knew that

I was only tryin' to love you
I was only tryin' to love you
I was only tryin' to love you
Love you
I was only tryin' to love you
I was only tryin' to love you
I was only tryin' to love you
Love you

I was only tryin' to love you
And you knew that I wanna love you
Love you
Love you
Love you
Love youB-O, what up, my nigga?
E3, I'ma get you on these Backwoods, last thing I do, nigga
Yeah, oh shit, nigga! Oh shit, nigga!
These niggas did done it again
Tae Beast, why you do that, man?
Why the fuck you had to do that, man?
This shit sound like a 100 birds under the Carson Sheriff Station
I told Rezack, get off my sack
We really out here, my nigga!

When I roll through the city it give me a rush
Yeah, I'm high off life, but I'm rollin' blunts
And they couldn't wait for Soul to reappear
Click, boom; TNT, TDE, we in here
Mm, mm, mm! I can smell fear
From a mile away, you might as well get from 'round here
I run the town like Roc Nation, no exaggeration
Bet I rise like Lazarus, use your imagination
Fascinated by you faggots hatin', get an occupation
You in violation, provoke annihilation
Flow like the Nile River, yo, it's now or never
You had a release date, but now it's never
Yeah, welcome to the Control System
I'm stimulatin' the hoes and educatin' my niggas
I wiggle through potholes, my destination is vivid
To the end of the road I'm driven, y'all trippin'… Soulo

And we stuntin' like, Ab-Soul, abstract, asshole
(Give the people what they need!) Damn right, let 'em know
(You got some kind of disease!) I'm the illest in the business
If you ain't with the business, mind your business
And we stuntin' like, Ab-Soul, abstract, asshole
(Give the people what they need!) Damn right, let 'em know
(You got some kind of disease!) I'm the illest in the business
If you ain't with the business, mind your business
And we stunting like

Like I ain't never had shit, ‘cause I never had shit
Same Chucks, two years straight, doin' bad shit
Sick, twist two spliffs out my dime bag shit
Pissed, tryna get a good response out this bad bitch
Which one of you niggas wanna call my bluff?
Wish granted, call his ass granite, now he mopped up
Never been locked up, but I keep a sentence
Winners win and sinners sin only to ask God forgiveness
In this world of luxury cars and legal tender
Johnny want me like Wyclef Jean: gone til' November
Pop my collar like I'm Don Juan, green to my slippers
Just remember that they don't want me to get ignorant
Sinister literature, given from this wicked minister
Witness your future diminish, no present from Saint Nicholas
In particular, you're just a thing of the past
I'm a diamond ring in the trash, no reason to brag, it's Ab

And we stuntin' like, Ab-Soul, abstract, asshole
(Give the people what they need!) Damn right, let 'em know
(You got some kind of disease!) I'm the illest in the business
If you ain't with the business, mind your business
And we stuntin' like, Ab-Soul, abstract, asshole
(Give the people what they need!) Damn right, let 'em know
(You got some kind of disease!) I'm the illest in the business
If you ain't with the business, mind your business
And we stunting like

What's your life about? Enlighten me
Is you gon' live on your knees or die on your feet?
Can't lose, you niggas must admire defeat
You lyin' like Nala, nigga, you know where to find a nigga
(Del Amo!) Carson in the house
The View, The Village, Scottsdale and right back around
Can't forget about The Patch, matter fact
I got some homies off Grace Ave, we go way back
Been runnin' round since L train cut up at Our People
Rocket was my role model, Lil Roccett my number one O-migo
Went 15 in the back alley, hop fences and skip school
Fellowship with the gang members, and goddamn it, I still do
But just imagine if Einstein got high and sipped juice
Broke rules, got pussy, beat up rookies on Pro Tools
You'd probably call his ass Soul Brother #2
And I just took a number two, and ain't this track number two?Gotta get it right
I gotta get it right, yeah
You say, you say
You say, you say
You say, you say

You're in search in this body of mine
Do you wanna be a good friend to me?
Why don't you pour up that Hennessy?
Light up a few blunts and we can get high, yeah
No need to rush, boy, take your time

I know it's been too long
I've been on the road too much
Had to get back to ya, back to you
Can't even play it cool
Thinkin' of all them nights I would've rather been with you
Tonight, I wanna have some good fun tonight
I wanna get into something tonight
I just wanna make up for lost time

I like to taste it when you run down my back
Arched and relaxed
Oh, touch me like that
Please, nice and slow

I know it's been too long
I've been on the road too much
Had to get back to ya, back to you
Can't even play it cool
Thinkin' of all them nights I would've rather been with you
Tonight, I wanna have some good fun tonight
I wanna get into something tonight
I just wanna make up for lost time tonight

I know it's been too long
I've been on the road too much
Gotta get back to ya, back to you
We got London On Da TrackYeah, man this shit is stupid
Yeah, come on

Call my phone (Yeah)
I don't wanna text you anymore
I just wanna stop this civil war
Baby, please (Please)
Call my phone
I don't wanna text you anymore
I just wanna stop this civil war
Baby, please (Please)

Yeah, he don't wanna call it quits
She don't wanna call it quits
Even though they both been screamin'
Both got reasons, yeah-yeah
Never turn your back on love
Been with you from the jump
Even though they both been screamin'
Both got reasons, yeah-yeah
Every night, it's the same old thing
Fuck and fight, it's the same old thing
Wake up, make up, repeat
Both of them say, "Put the blame on me"
He be actin' so prideful, stop
She be actin' so prideful, stop
Wake up, make up, repeat
Both of them say, "Put the blame on me"

Call my phone (Yeah)
I don't wanna text you anymore
I just wanna stop this civil war
Baby, please (Please)
Call my phone
I don't wanna text you anymore
I just wanna stop this civil war
Baby, please (Please)

Yeah, they've been sparrin', seein' which one's gonna drop first
Doesn't matter 'cause they both got hurt, clockwork
How they all over each other's sixes?
No amount of blunts or Henny is gonna fix this
Get to the core of it, talk, start explorin' it
They so out of tune wit' each other, they ignorin' it
Actin' like the problems ain't there, stick around outta fear
Of startin' over wit' someone and wastin' another year

Call my phone (Yeah)
I don't wanna text you anymore
I just wanna stop this civil war
Baby, please (Please)
Call my phone
I don't wanna text you anymore
I just wanna stop this civil war
Baby, please (Please)

And they try, they stuck through it, they cut through it
If that ain't work, they fuck through it
If that ain't work, they fuck through it
If that ain't work, they fuck through itI am known
What, what, what, what, what, what—?
I want to believe...

Bitchboy, back up off me before you catch these hands
You in the pit? Don't give a shit, and off a couple tabs
Extend my fist and bust his lip, fuck no, I can't relax
Put on my mask and rob the trap, just so I can relapse
Comin' to end your fucking life!
Straight out the fire to terrorize
Look in my eyes, this yo' demise, fuckboy's gonna die!
Straight out the wild, bound for the mile
$lick the mortified, that devilish child with a crooked-ass smile
Welcome to the night!

I want to believe...

Grey blade, grey camo rag wrapped around my face
Yung Plague dodgin' ammo, animal instinct to erase
Dragon ashing blunts in my fucking talons
Grab 'em, drag 'em to the fire, let 'em burn up
We ignite 'em—!
Plague robbing graves, lace blunts with fuckboy brains!
Plague up in flames, let the ash rain, ash king reigns
Plague so fucking insane!
Don't touch my fucking lane
Don't brush my fucking mane
Go tuck your fucking chain

I want to believe...I need a crazy bitch that's down for me
I need a little something wild and free
I need the right amount of attitude
She checks herself but she checks me too
I need her to reciprocate all my love
Get drunk with me even if she loves blunts
Baby bring that accent out for me
I need a crazy bitch that's down for me

Cause baby I'll be down for you
I promise I'll be down for you
Even when I'm not around
Somewhere outta town
I promise I'll be down for you

I need a crazy bitch that's down for me
But not the type of crazy that don't let me breath
Baby fall back I'm executing Gods moves
That's just in my blood
That's just how a God moves
Hope you understand and you catch my wave
Hope you know you're bad as fuck but not too vain
I need someone who really loves me for me
I need a crazy bitch thats down for me

Cause baby I'll be down for you
I promise I'll be down for you
Even when I'm not around
Somewhere outta town
I promise I'll be down for you

I need a crazy bitch that's down for me
She's a movie star without the screen
I don't need you with me if you gonna be impulsive
I don't need no selfish inconsiderate bullshit
I don't need your mouth running when it's not called for
I don't need your text what the fuck did you think I called for
Ask yourself what you really wanna be
I need a crazy bitch that's down for me

Cause baby I'll be down for you
I promise I'll be down for you
Even when I'm not around
Somewhere outta town
(I need a crazy bitch thats down for me)
Cause baby I'll be down for you
I promise I'll be down for you
Even when I'm not around
Somewhere outta town
I promise I'll be down for youDJ Durel
Murda on the beat, so it's not nice (Go)

We don't give no fuck (No)
We don't give no fuck (Fuck shit)
We don't give no fuck (No)
We don't give no fuck (Fuck shit)
Out in public (Public)
And we run shit (Run shit)
Out in public (Public)
And we run shit (Get right)
I got too many diamonds on, I look awesome (Ice, get right)
Yeah, after I hit that ho, she need a walker (Smash, get right, uh)
I done shook them problems off, now I'm bossin' (Woo, get right)
Yeah, stack the money tall, back to ballin' (Get right, Takeoff)

Big boy Rolls, swerve the lane, I be hoggin' (Big boy Rolls)
Lit four blunts of Cookie, musty, yeah, it's foggy (Cookie, woah)
I can park it, stick be sparkin', do no talkin' (Brrt)
Watch me hit the target, mark the carpet, then depart it (Offset)
We don't give two fucks
Choppers hangin' out the Rolls Royce truck (Pop 'em)
Go play with your kid, 'cause I up (Up)
She broke, so why would I cuff? Ayy
We rich, lit, we 'bout to go up to space (Lit)
Gold toilet, I took me a rich shit (Woo)
'Cause I have racks on my plate (Racks)
I make you go get the bag, baby, we livin' the dream (Livin' the dream)
Gang not comin' in last, top ranked in loyalty (Top ranked)
It's a millionaire campaign, that's what it's supposed to be (Campaign)
Pray my soul to keep when I go to sleep (Uh, Huncho)

We don't give no fuck (No)
We don't give no fuck (Fuck shit)
We don't give no fuck (No)
We don't give no fuck (Fuck shit)
Out in public (Public)
And we run shit (Run shit)
Out in public (Public)
And we run shit (Get right)
I got too many diamonds on, I look awesome (Ice, get right)
Yeah, after I hit that ho, she need a walker (Smash, get right, uh)
I done shook them problems off, now I'm bossin' (Woo, get right)
Yeah, stack the money tall, back to ballin' (Get right)

With it (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Split it (Yeah, yeah)
Drop-top Rolls (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Gutter, machete (Skrrt, skrrt)
No confetti (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Bitch too petty (Woah, bitch)
Big machete (Petty, petty)
I gotta dead it (Woo)
We don't give no fuck (Uh-uh), we don't give no fuck, no (We don't give no fucks)
Give her a couple bucks (Bucks), get her tummy tucked, woah (Woo)
Harriet Tubman-ed up (Yeah), twenty bills in my clothes (Ayy)
I got a bulletproof truck, I got the backwards doors on the Royce
Give no fucks

We don't give no fuck (No)
We don't give no fuck (Fuck shit)
We don't give no fuck (No)
We don't give no fuck (Fuck shit)
Out in public (Public)
And we run shit (Run shit)
Out in public (Public)
And we run shit (Get right)
I got too many diamonds on, I look awesome (Ice, get right)
Yeah, after I hit that ho, she need a walker (Smash, get right, uh)
I done shook them problems off, now I'm bossin' (Woo, get right)
Yeah, stack the money tall, back to ballin' (Yeah, get right)

I done been 'round the whole globe and did a few laps and brought back a whole tide
She done spent time in the hood and found nothin' else is better than that side
I done went set up the Jack and made sure the pack ain't gotta push packs quite
Stuck at the top of the chain, in top of her brain, can't fall off at one time (Yeah)
All my colleagues say how we live outrageous (Alright)
We don't count the days, we just count the payments
Just let that Juvie play, she start rejuvenating (Juvie)
Alive at night, we take everything, we face it, yeah

We don't give no fuck (No)
We don't give no fuck (Fuck shit)
We don't give no fuck (No)
We don't give no fuck (Fuck shit)
Out in public (Public)
And we run shit (Run shit)
Out in public (Public)
And we run shit (Get right)
I got too many diamonds on, I look awesome (Ice, get right)
Yeah, after I hit that ho, she need a walker (Smash, get right, uh)
I done shook them problems off, now I'm bossin' (Woo, get right)
Yeah, stack the money tall, back to ballin' (Get right)

DJ Durel
Murda on the beat, so it's not niceYeah, yeah
First team bitch
Stop - Hoodie time

Bitches bow down, don't even know me
Told me I'm a dog like Odie
And I only fuck with crazy girls like I'm home like I'm Brody
Made her come trice like Obie, damn
So I don't shop at Alexander McQueen (why?)
I don't even know what that mean
Tryna live life on an everyday scheme
The minute you met me was kind of a wet dream, well
We don't got that in common
These bitches want the Action Bronson
I give a little Magic Johnson
Then she wanna hold my wand like Emma Watson
Oh they mad cause I got flow
And these other rappers cheesy like a nacho
So my pockets getting bigger like Lovato
But you ain't got no fuckin' Hoodie in your Serato?

Talk to me, tell me your name
You want my life, I want the same
You say that it's meant to be, it's meant to be
You ain't no celebrity, so stop
Cause fame is for assholes

Hold up, stop, came here with a mission
They didn't pick me first like I'm Griffin
But I don't give a fuck, no Luck I got 20/20 vision
I can see like everything he missin'
Got a bad bitch, she my cash cow, she my cash cow
I'mma make a million dollars so I have her pass out
Pass blunts, babe, I can get you Emma Stoned
And I don't ever leave my bed alone
Tryna tell my future like Cleo
Tell me I’m the one, treat the kid like he Neo, damn
Thousand white bitches in the club, that's a kilo
Let me spill this cash like the Rio, Grande
I'm all about the ass and bush
That's why they lookin' at me like I'm Ashton Kush
I'm a bastard, look
I'm a fashion crook
So let me take your clothes off, damn

Talk to me, tell me your name
You want my life, I want the same
You say that it's meant to be, it's meant to be
You ain't no celebrity, so stop
Cause fame is for assholes
Cause fame is for assholes
Cause fame is for assholes
Cause fame is for assholes

Stop - Chiddy time
I hear girl like "come to the telly"
Hit me on the phone you could run to the celly
Just walked in, why they lookin' at me doe?
Girl you the bomb, could we lay like Frito?
I got my jacket for you if you a tad cold
Swack ho, probably gettin' tail like a tadpole
First time I seen her man she wave like a flagpole
She tryna fuck fame but that shit is for assholes
Yeah, since I heard they finish first
I'mma appetize then I get that pussy for dessert
Clock, clock in you know I always put in work
Tryna find her easy she got designer on her purse
I don't need to know your accolades
I could do that shit in half a day
Act brand new but that's okay
Cause I'm about to get the cat, Anne Hathaway, hey!

Talk to me, tell me your name
You want my life, I want the same
You say that it's meant to be, it's meant to be
You ain't no celebrity, so stop
Cause fame is for assholes
Cause fame is for assholes
Cause fame is for assholes
You say that it's meant to be, it's meant to be
You ain't no celebrity, so stop
Cause fame is for assholesPicture me ballin'
Picture me with the fifth of Henny, something foreign
Picture me ridin' 'round here with a Benzo
Picture me blunted with the tints on the window
You could see by the looks of it I got the feelin'
I told them bitches I'm something they should believe in
I told my mama they can't reach me, hit the ceilin'
Baby, this is just the beginning, it's preseason
I know that you can tell I got it though

Gotta go get it that's the reflex
I know you can tell the winners by how we flex
I ain't playin' with these niggas, ain't no recess
Next time I look around nigga way up, way up, way up, way up

Only bad bitches 'round here
I swear, it's only bad bitches 'round here
I mean, it's only real niggas 'round here
You know, it's only real niggas 'round here, I said
Only bad bitches 'round here
I swear, it's only bad bitches 'round here
I mean, it's only real niggas 'round here
You know, it's only real niggas 'round here, I said

Picture me speedin'
Picture me rollin' something up to chase the demons
Ah, that Cohiba really helped me slow the breathin'
You see these niggas 'round me, they all pledge allegiance
I never change for nothin', nigga that's some true shit
I got a mil, you got a mil, that's just some crew shit
They tryna stay afloat, I'm tryna build a cruise ship
I spent a half a decade workin' on the blueprint
Ay boy, we 'bout to hit the pot of gold

Gotta go get it that's the reflex
I know you can tell the winners by how we flex
I ain't playin' with these niggas, ain't no recess
Next time I look around nigga way up, way up, way up, way up

Only bad bitches 'round here
I swear, it's only bad bitches 'round here
I mean, it's only real niggas 'round here
You know, it's only real niggas 'round here, I said
Only bad bitches 'round here
I swear, it's only bad bitches 'round here
I mean, it's only real niggas 'round here
You know, it's only real niggas 'round here, I said

I been gettin' too fuckin' drunk nigga
High, been gettin' too fuckin' blunted lately
I just keep true, share one with you
Blame that liquor but it's how the world made me
I been movin' too fast I need to slow down
Said too many things that I shouldn't have said
Hey, just point out anywhere you want to go now
Now, I swear these niggas don't know what it takes

Only bad bitches 'round here
I swear, it's only bad bitches 'round here
I mean, it's only real niggas 'round here
You know, it's only real niggas 'round here, I said
Only bad bitches 'round here
I swear, it's only bad bitches 'round here
I mean, it's only real niggas 'round here
You know, it's only real niggas 'round here, I saidName is just a name
But don't call me crazy
Rain don't feel like rain
It's been so calming lately
Love is just a word, unless you show it
So tell me, what you call me when I’m not around

I used to have a name that look like butterflies and Hennessey
I'd trade it up for happiness but joyful don't remember me
I'm sitting on my front lawn waiting for him to call me
He said he knew my name
Shame on me, fool me once, shame on you
I got my candy cane, my name is hella pimping too
You could watch a player move
Oh we could call this ice cream on my Sunday sweater
Patent leather tethered to a fancy car
I know you wanna touch me in your old religion caviar
Holy water avatar, blue like the tears when I left you
I met you on Saturday morning
It's raining, it's storming
Approach me with caution, I come with a warning

If you sweep me off my feet
I'll probably clean my act up
I swear I'll be on my best behavior
From this day forward, a lifetime after
If you're my baby
And I know this world is so damn crazy
(And I know this world is oh so crazy)
But that don't mean a thing
You can forget me, hate me, call me crazy
As long as you know my name

I use to dream in parables, partially love you naturally
Happily ever after, cigarettes over blunts now
Miracle Whip at Funtown, summertime delight, delight
Mississippi over ice, Janet Jackson and flashing lights
We can dance a little, if you'd like to
My vagabonds is a lonely road, a celebrated haiku
Contemporary overzealous think I really like you
Sing with me, sing with me paranoia light blue
Piano was a deep red, your fingers were a green hue
I should make a rainbow out of sacrificial love in the club
Off the ollie ollie, feeling holy
The DJ was religion, I swear on the Pope he know me

Name is just a name
But don't call me crazy
Rain don't feel like rain
It's been so calming lately
Love is just a word, unless you show it
So tell me, what you call me when I’m not aroundYou finally got some off time
It's usually Sports Center for the fourth time
Tonight you came out of yours and I took off mine
Now we finally playing catch, got some back and forth time
Tossing pillows, passing blunts, caught a buzz
First time you gave me head was everything I thought it was gonna be
You ain't got one degree
But you'll get a Ph.D for that thing you've done to me
And tugging your dungaree, I wanted you under me
Wanted to spread them legs like you number 23
Maybe you wasn't ready
Maybe its under key
And it's some for them, and it ain't none for me
So we cuddle for a while, talk what you want to be
Some things we had in common and movies you want to see
He made her run to me, you played with one of these
Pretty young girls, ain't no telling what she gonna be
If she was my girl, might sound sprung of me
I'd give her everything like she had a gun to me
Yeah, busy man, but for you I'm free
Just counting down the days 'til the next time we....

Lay down (lay down)
Lay down (lay down)
I can hear you now - lay down (let that body talk)
I can hear you now, now - lay down (let that body talk)
Lay down (lay down)
Lay down (lay down)
I can hear you now - lay down (let that body talk)
I can hear you now (talk to me now, listen)

Your scent light up the truck soon as you hopped in it
Easily number one, no matter who the top 10 is
In that passenger, no reason for gassing ya
Girl you ain't killing 'em, baby it's a massacre
Black curly hair, smile with a pearly glare
I can take you around the globe, I'm sure the world'll stare
But tonight we in the city like J.Lo and Diddy
Back in '99, that Bad Boy with pretty
A rainy night, the type that make you change your flight
But we still fly
Ain't nothing plain about us, right?
We came to get a bite, blue ribbon for two
And I ain't clumsy but I'm so tripping off you
Had sushi for the first time, she tried the king
California tempura, oh you trying things
I'm your waiter, I hope you like what I'm trying to bring
All you gotta do is the two words Ryan sing
Lay down, lay down
Hey, girl I know my way round
Coming down, H-town
Ass up, face down
Guess we on our way now
I know you can't stay 'round
She climbed on top and said look nigga...

Lay down (lay down)
Lay down (lay down)
I can hear you now - lay down (let that body talk)
I can hear you now, now - lay down (let that body talk)
Lay down (lay down)
Lay down (lay down)
I can hear you now - lay down (let that body talk)
I can hear you now - lay down (let that body talk to me girl)*door opening*
*Instrumental for What's the Difference by Dr. Dre (Ft. Eminem & Xzibit) plays in the background*
Aye!
Hey, Em, what's up?
Steve Berman, what's going on, man? How you doin'?
Good to see you again, what's up?
Em, could you come here and have a seat, please?
Umm, yeah, what's u-
Vanessa, shut the door
Okay *door closes*
So, what's up?
How's orders lookin' for the first week?
It would be better if you gave me nothing at all
Wh-
This album is less than nothing
I can't sell this fucking record
Wha-
Do you know what's happening to me out there?
Wh-wha-what's the problem?
Violet Brown told me to go fuck myself!
Who's Violet-
Tower Records told me to shove this record up my ass!
Do you know what it feels like to be told to have a record
Shoved up your ass?
But I-
I'm gonna lose my fucking job over this
Do you know why Dre's record was so successful?
He's rapping about big-screen TV's, blunts, 40's and bitches
You're rapping about homosexuals and Vicodin
I mean...
I can't sell this shit!
What-
Either change the record or it's not coming out!
What? I-
Now get the fuck out of my office!
What am I supposed...
Now!
*sigh* Alright, man-The world is filled with pimps and hoes
We'll just talk about those I knows
The world is mine, can't you see?
I'm just tryin' to be all I can be
Ohhahhoahh, yeah

Now first come the cash, then come the ass
Then come big blunts with big chunks of hash
When I score with a whore, she be game for sure
Pimp so hard a nigga drag his mink on the floor
Won't you admit it? I ain't gotta talk because I live it
Any chick fuckin' with me, believe me, that's a privilege
I won't be satisfied til all my niggas get it
See, you hit it then I hit it, we get it back to split it
And Big be that nigga, we be flyin' through your hood
And hood rats scopin' with their eyes on my goods
See, we date 'em like we hate 'em, see 'em like we don't need 'em
Treat 'em like we beat 'em, and never give up freedom
And we only give our number to selected few
And it's best that you never knew what good head'll do
Turn a freak to a bisexual
And if she's flexible, fuck the nigga next to you

The world is filled with pimps and hoes
We'll just talk about those I knows
The world is mine, can't you see?
I'm just tryin' to be all I can be
Ohhahhoahh, yeah

Uhh, uhh, uhh
"When the Remy's in the system, ain't no tellin'
Will I fuck him? Will I diss him?", that's what these hoes yellin'
I'm a pimp by blood, not relation
Y'all still chase 'em, I'll replace 'em
Drunk off Dom, silk and gators
Spittin' words, make a bird tell they flock see you later
Whether, drunk or high, skunk or Thai
Nigga play against some playa shit, slugs gon' fly
Ain't gon' lie, pimped out her SSI
Nigga don't ask why, just respect it
She bought me the necklace, the bracelet
The Benz-o - she laced it
Crib-o, got it, interior decorated
Now my popularity grew in each state
Now I got 2 in each state
Used to drink brew and eat steak
Now I pop bottles with models, larger steaks on large estates, shit

The world is filled with pimps and hoes
We'll just talk about those I knows
The world is mine, can't you see?
I'm just tryin' to be all I can be
Ohhahhoahh, yeah

I had a whole lot of bitches in my lifetime
I been blessed with the game, always say the right lines
Had a few prostitutes, and if you knew the truth
They're like pimps, you can't let em do it to you!
She ain't no sucker, I know that bitch, man
She wanna be a Pretty Woman lovin' a rich man
Now here you come, drop top ridin'
You ain't no pimp, fake nigga, stop lyin'
Pussy makes money, stick to the business
Think about the real motherfuckers that lived it
Street life, pimp shit, make the ho respect the game
You bought her diamonds and cars, trick, that's a shame
Say what you want, but I still figure
She left you 'cause you couldn't be like them real niggas
She was a hustler by nature and you was just faker
Than the average simps, found a badder pimp

Crazy ass man
I never would have bought that bitch all them cars
And all that shit you bought that hoe, man
After I heard about what the bitch did nigga, knew the hoe!
Man I'm 30 years old, nigga
And that bitch was hoein' when I was in 9th grade and shit
Think about that: she been around then right?
Shit, you just a rest haven for hoes, man
Just the first nigga that came along when the bitch got out the pen
Bitch only fuckin' with you cause you had a good ass job, nigga
Nerd...treat the bitch better than anybody ever treated her
Stupid ass nigga, she ain't nothin' but a hoe!
Bet you fell in love with her man!
You can't turn a hoe into a housewife, fool
Every time you turn your back, that bitch is fuckin' with them gangstas
Eastside, Westside - these are my partners
Do that shit, you know what I'm talkin' 'bout nigga
I tell you about some real pimps and hoes
Tell you about these pimps and these hoes man
Yeah I know a few, shit
Beyotch!Time's been ticking, hearts are runnin', think that Cupid's up to somethin'
You asked me how I feel, I say nothin'
But lately colors seem so bright and the stars light up the night
My feet they feel so light I'm ignoring all the signs
I keep on frontin', yeah, I stay bluffin'
I keep you wonderin', keep you huntin' for my lovin'
But I crave us huggin',  yeah, I stay stubborn
Cause I can't admit that you got all the strings and know just how to tug 'em

I think I'm in love again
(My head, yeah, you're in my head)
I think I'm in love again
(My head, yeah, you're in my head)
I didn't think it could be true
Let alone that it would be you
I think I'm in love again
(I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love)

My hearts' pacin', I'm confused, I'm dazin'
I saw something I never seen in you, it's got me shakin'
I must be hallucinatin', I hear it happens
I'm just sayin', babe, I'm just sayin'
Someone give me some paper, someone give me some crayons
I'm feeling like a child, I need something to play on
I'm trying hard to trust you when you say "give me your hand"
Baby, I'm fallin', I hope you catch me when I land

I think I'm in love again
(My head, yeah, you're in my head)
I think I'm in love again
(My head, yeah, you're in my head)
I didn't think it could be true
Let alone that it would be you
I think I'm in love again
(I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love)

In my dreams, you're the dutch and I'm the duchess
And your blunts are always loose, so I'm in charge of rollin' dutches
And we're getting so high, we always get the munchies
And we go for early brunches that turn into late lunches
And we ain't gotta label, we're just rollin' with the punches
I make fun of your belly and tell you to do some crunches
And you say "yeah, well your ass jiggles, go and do some lunges"
I say "fuck you" while I'm thinking of you as my husband
I think I'm in love

I think I'm in love again
(My head, yeah, you're in my head)
I think I'm in love again
(My head, yeah, you're in my head)
I didn't think it could be true
Let alone that it would be you
I think I'm in love again
(I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love)
I think I'm in love againI want to be as free as the spirits of those who left
I'm talking Malcolm, Coltrane, my man Yusef
Through death grew conception, new breath and resurrection
For moms, new steps in a direction
In the right way, told her, "Inside is where the fight lay
And everything a nigga do may not be what he might say"
Chicago nights they, stay on the mind
But I write many lives, they, lay on these lines
Wavin' signs of the times, many say the grind's on the mind
Shorties blunted-eyed and everyone wanna rhyme
Bush pushing lies, killers immortalized
We got arms but won't reach for the skies
Waiting for the Lord to rise, I look into my daughter's eyes
And realize I'ma learn through her
The Messiah might even return through her
If I'ma do it, I gotta change the world through her
Furs and a Benz, Gramps wantin 'em
Demons and old friends, Pops, they hauntin' him
The chosen one from the land of the frozen sun
Where drunk nights get remembered more than sober ones
Walk like warriors, we were never told to run
Explored the world to return to where my soul begun
Never looking back, or too far in front of me
The present is a gift, and I just want to beI did it all for the money, Lord, it's what it seems
Well in the world of night terrors, it's, hard to dream
They hollerin' "Cash rules everything", just call it C.R.E.A.M
Cause when it rises to the top, you get, the finer things
Ocean fronts, rolling blunts, with model chicks
And saying grace over lobster and steak
Like please forgive us for riding Benzes with camera plates
Too busy looking backwards for jackers to pump my brakes
For help signs to symbolize the lives that hunger takes
Addicted to the green; if I don't ball, I'll get the shakes
I'd give it all for a peace of mind, for Heaven's sakes
My heart's so heavy that the ropes that hold my casket breaks
Cause everything that wasn't for me, I had to chase
I had to take, I had to take

They told me that the ends
Won't justify the means
And they told me at the end
It won't justify the dreams
That I've had since a child
Maybe I'll throw in the towel
Make my (make my), make my (make my)
Departure from the world

Tryin' to control the fits of panic
Unwritten and unraveled, it's the dead man's pedantic
Whatever, see it's really just a matter of semantics
When everybody's fresh out of collateral to damage
And my splaying got me praying like a mantis
I begin to vanish, feel the pull of the blank canvas
I'm contemplating that special dedication
To whoever it concern, my letter of resignation
Fading back to black, my dark coronation
The heat of the day, the long robe of muerte
That soul is in the atmosphere like airplay
If there's a Heaven, I can't find the stairway

They told me that the ends
Won't justify the means
And they told me at the end
It won't justify the dreams
That I've had since a child
Maybe I'll throw in the towel
Make my (make my), make my (make my)
Departure from the worldSee, my days are cold without you
But I'm hurting while I'm with you
And though my heart can't take no more
I can't keep running back to you
See, my days are cold without you
But I'm hurting while I'm with you
And though my heart can't take no more
I won't keep running back to you

I think I found my strength to finally get up and leave
No more broken heart for me, no more telling your lies to me
I'm looking like I got my head on right, so now I see
No more giving you everything, there's no more taking my love from me

See, my days are cold without you
But I'm hurting while I'm with you
And though my heart can't take no more
I can't keep running back to you
See, my days are cold without you
But I'm hurting while I'm with you
And though my heart can't take no more
I won't keep running back to you

I'm glad to wake up every day without you on my brain
No more where you're laid up at night
No more having to fuss and fight
I'm proud to say that I will never make the same mistake
No more thinkin' bout what you do
There's no more me runnin' back to you

See, my days are cold without you
But I'm hurting while I'm with you
And though my heart can't take no more
I can't keep running back to you
See, my days are cold without you
But I'm hurting while I'm with you
And though my heart can't take no more
I won't keep running back to you

Some say the X make the sex
Spec-tacular, make me lick you from your neck
To your back, then you're shivering, tongue delivering
Chills up that spine, that ass is mine
Skip the wine and the candlelight, no Cristal tonight
If it's alright with you, we fucking
That's cool
Déjà vu, the blunts sparked, finger fucking in the park
Pissy off Bacardi Dark
Remember when I used to play between your legs?
You begged for me to stop
Because you know where it would head
Straight to your mother's bed
At the Marriott, we be lucky if we find a spot
Next to your sister, damn I really missed the
Way she used to rub my back, when I hit that
Way she used to giggle when your ass would wiggle
Now I know you used to suites at the Parker Meridian
Trips to the Carribean, but tonight, no ends

You must be used to me crying
While you're out bumping and grinding
But I'm leaving you tonight

See, my days are cold without you
But I'm hurting while I'm with you
And though my heart can't take no more
I can't keep running back to you

You must be used to me crying
While you're out bumping and grinding
But I'm leaving you tonight
Uh, and another oneLet me see

It ain't nothin' to make you want it
Get you tipsy, a little blunted
I pulled up in the S-500
Fucked up, feelin' all up on it

You know what I came to do, you
You know what I came to do
You know what I came to do, you
You know what I, oh (Oh-oh)
You know what I came to do, you
You know what I came to do (Oh-oh)
You know what I came to do, you
You know what I came to do (Oh-oh)
You know what I came to do, you (Oh-oh)
You know what I— (For all my ladies, oh-oh)
You know what I came to do (Oh-oh)
For them girls
(Oh-oh)
For all my ladies (Oh-oh)
For all my ladies

Baby, you're so damn beautiful, and I, I really like it
I love your smile and the way that you move, yeah, yeah
Baby, can I have a minute? (A minute)
Girl, I promise I won't waste your time
'Cause I know you're kinda busy
Basically all I'm tryna say is you caught my eye
I know you need love, I'm tryna give it (Give it)
And if you don't trust me, I'll show you
I'm a man of my word, girl (Word, girl)
And if you're ready for the world, I'll give it to ya (To ya)
I'm so in love, like

It ain't nothing to make you want it
Get you tipsy, a little blunted
I pulled up in the S-500
Fucked up, feeling all up on it

You know what I came to do, you
You know what I came to do
You know what I came to do, you
You know what I, oh (Oh-oh)
You know what I came to do, you (You know)
You know what I came to do (Oh-oh)
You know what I came to do, you (You know, babe)
You know what I came to do (I came to do, oh-oh)
You know what I came to do, you (Oh-oh)
You know what I— (For all my ladies, oh-oh)
You know what I came to do (Oh-oh, yeah)
For them girls
For all my ladies (Oh-whoa, oh-oh)
Yeah, this for all my ladies (Oh-oh)
Woo
To all my ladies

See I'll give you what you want (What you want)
And he'll give you what you don't (What you don't)
I'm the man of the year (Year)
He just the man of the month
A hundred stacks in the trunk, he gon' do it
She got a hundred packs in the dump, he won't do it
And she type to fuck with real niggas (Yeah)
And I'm the type that you want, and you knew it
See I'm just out here countin' money while these niggas need a loan
Why you fuckin' with these dummies? We need to be alone
'Cause I'm wanting you, baby, so what it do?
'Cause I wanna change your life, me and you

(Oh-oh)
You know what I came to do, you
You know what I came to do
You know what I came to do, girl (Oh-oh)
You know what I came to do, you (You know, babe, oh-oh-oh)
You know what I came to do (Came to do, oh-oh)
You know what I came to do (Oh-oh)
For them girls
For all my ladies (Oh-oh)
You know what I came to do, you (Yeah)
You know what I—
You know what I came to do, oh-oh
(Oh-oh)
Yeah, this for all my ladies (Oh-oh)
Ladies, ladies
For all my ladiesI've got sunshine in my pocket, I'm just right here in my zone
I've got Sade in my tape deck, I'm just movin' right along
All these haters really love me, they just pretend that they don't
Cause I've got sunshine in my pocket, I'm just right here in my zone
In my zone

Zo-oh-oh-oh, oh, oh, oh
In my zone, zo-oh-oh-oh, oh, oh, oh
In my zone, zo-oh-oh-oh, oh, oh, oh
When I'm in my, when I'm in my
Zo-oh-oh-oh, oh, oh, oh - in my zone

In my old school bumpin' that "Kiss of Life" beneath the city lights
Caught up in the moment, getting misty eyed
Bout to give my past life a long kiss goodnight
This dream difficult for me to visualize
And now it's real and they say the limit is the sky
But my feet set on solid ground, no more stalling now
On the road to get it cause, when it rained, it poured
But now the storms finally calming down
Up in my cutlass driving, the sun is shining
My Strange piece studded with a ton of diamonds
I ain't got a bunch of money on a constant grind
Still it beats being blunted with my stomach growlin'
In the darkest alley, got the heart to fight
I see the stars are bright, they screaming Jonny Valiant
Rappers wanna bite me, they crocodiling
I be up in Neiman Marcus smiling
Try to walk a mile inside my J's, playing make believe
You can say that you played in the major league
Wear my heart on my sleeve on the stage and leave
I feel wet from the sweat on my Famous tee
I'm never scared, fuck shaking like a maple leaf
Cause what awaits for me is unknown
So I lit up my J, filled my cid-up with straight
Crown Royal, now I'm in my zone

I've got sunshine in my pocket, I'm just right here in my zone
I've got Sade in my tape deck, I'm just movin' right along
All these haters really love me, they just pretend that they don't
Cause I've got sunshine in my pocket, I'm just right here in my zone
In my zone

This ain't no ordinary love
I was sick of being poor and said "enough"
Right up 85 North and there I was
Working, breaking down doors and barriers
Still representing Georgia, I'm feeling the support
Spread the word cause the more, the merrier
Nobody blowing out the torch I carry
I ignore them every time they point and stare and judge
All because I got Jordans on, I got a gorgeous blonde
And my jewelry blinds, I got stupid style
Getting' paid doing music now, I'm putting' huge amounts
Inside a few accounts, I got a crew that's down
In case you wanna come and duke it out
If I was you, I'd throw the deuce and bounce
And we just blew an ounce
My hotel room looking like a hookah lounge
I'm blowing up like a bazooka round
I got booed and bowed but stayed positive
Even when I didn't have a pot to piss in
I was sitting on a bottle steady plotting this
And I'll be fine dining at The Optimist
I got the black sea bass and the lobster bisque
And took a shot of whiskey to the dome
Made a toast to the homies that are gone
Two for the fans and the love they shown, I'm in my... zone

I've got sunshine in my pocket, I'm just right here in my zone
I've got Sade in my tape deck, I'm just movin' right along
All these haters really love me, they just pretend that they don't
Cause I've got sunshine in my pocket, I'm just right here in my zone
In my zone

My calendar at this caliber's for the life of a bachelor
I'm burning through cannabis canister after canister
Um, so many cameras, they flashing, I never glance at 'em
Lost inside of a landfill of thoughts while watching this dancer
I'm wondering to myself if she's got some booty enhancer
Either way, I feel the deep inclination of putting my hands on her
I'm a modern day Galileo who lives in Atlanta
The capital of the ratchets, aristocrats and traffickers
A practitioner, practice until I master it
Passionate 'bout my adjectives, syllables so elaborate
Anything less to describe me is just inaccurate
You're a student of classes in which I am a graduate
Immaculate vernacular, Batmobile look like Dracula
Giving these boys the blues while telling these hoes to saddle up
You catching feelings, I think you squarer than Madison, I'm-
I'm in my zone, ain't no way I'll ever snap out of it

I've got sunshine in my pocket, I'm just right here in my zone
I've got Sade in my tape deck, I'm just movin' right along
All these haters really love me, they just pretend that they don't
Cause I've got sunshine in my pocket, I'm just right here in my zone
In my zone

Zo-oh-oh-oh, oh, oh, oh, in my zone
Zo-oh-oh-oh, oh, oh, oh, in my zone$UICIDEBOY$ Personas


Ruby da Cherry
SLAMDUNKASAUR
Yung Plague
7th Ward Lord
7th Ward Dragon
7th Ward Charizard
James $pleen
Yung Mutt
Norman Atomic
Oddy Nuff da Snow Leopard
Spooky da Scary
Lil Uzi the Anti-Christ
Yung $lumber
Lord of Loneliness
Yung $now
Romeo da Black Rose
Ruby Soho
Shawty Burn-A-Church
Lil No Flash
The $uicidal $hepherd
Papa Pine
OG Lion Mane
Lil Oozing
Choking Boy
Prince Mononoke the Frozen Shogun
$nowmane
Yung Maraschino
Lil Infected
Lil Waaaaaa
Yung Ooze
Raindrop Walka
Prince of Tides
DuckBoy
George Washington's AR-15
Southside Shawty
40 Blunts


$crim
Budd Dwyer
$lick $loth
Yung $carecrow
Lil Cut Throat
Lil Remains
Anthony Mars
Yung Heath Ledger
$uicide Christ
Pontius Pilate
Lil Half Cut
Yung Christ
$witchblade $crim
Tony With The Tommy
Tony wit Da Tommy
Trap House $crim
OG Giraffe Neck
Lil Murder
Yung Death/Lil Life
Yung Hank Moody
Hearse Boy
Lil Choppa
Lil Famine
Charles Lee Ray
Northside Shawty
Big Grieve
Yung Lowdown
Lil 2/3rds
Who Boy Boy
Soulja Rag Murder
Lil Cig
Yung October
Banny da Pint Drinker
El Wetto/$crim
Black Window
OG Corpse
Yung Mane
Lil' DarkMemories of you, they start to fade
Only see your shade when I'm in the rain
I want to be your voice, baby, once again
Want to see your face before the end
Always in the back of my mind
If you were here I'd still be alive
When will you realize
Just another teen suicide
Close my eyes, I'm going cold
Die young, never growing old
I'm losing my fucking hope
All these blunts and they're getting rolled

I'm waiting by the water
I'm floating on my back
I'm hoping that you're ok
All I need to know is that
You're ok when I'm miles away from you
All I dream about is seeing the face of you
The rain hits the window and it falls like night
Lying in my sheets with you, with me

Hey, I know we're all, like, iPod friendly and stuff
But do you guys have a plug for my Zune?I go full on when I rehearse, run it back like reverb
Wonder if they care how many cigarettes in each verse
Fifi on a feature, shaking like a seizure
Sounding like a sea shell, one horse on my t-shirt
My phone die twice a day, noodles in the microwave
In school, I threw my life away and a nigga towed my bike away
But now I'm woke, I'm wide awake, LA was the hideaway
Lying in the jungle but you will not take my pride away
Run it back like reverse or a backward t-shirt
Or a B with research but she put too much cheaters
Tuck and roll, tuck and roll, so many more blunts to fold
We is not the Huxtables, the tux is just to juxtapose
Tuck and roll, tuck and roll, it's so many blunts to fold
We is not the Huxtables, the tux is just to juxtapose
Tuck and roll, tuck and roll, it's so many blunts to fold
We is not the Huxtables, the tux is just to juxtapose

Caught her in some low light
She got no type
Speak up, these speakers loud like what I rolled right?
Why  you tellin' secrets, baby, I don't wanna gossip
I might show you where the light goes
But I know where you go at night
I been stackin' money on my tippy-toes
I'll be stackin' money 'til my ceiling grow, 'til the ceiling broke
Magic with the water and some talent, complicated potions
They call most of us niggas thugs, all these propagated notions
Keep the light like matches, damn, damn, damn, damn
Aurora Borealis, damn, damn, damn, damn
I don't talk to strangers, damn, damn, damn, damn
Cause that phony shit contagious, damn, damn, damn, damn
Parlay with a nigga like me
West side, chicken dinner, gizzards with some iced tea, damn, damn, damn, damn
Uncle Remus if you with it, I'm a fool wit it
I'm too gifted, we too lifted like new spirits
Chano you a fool wit it, damn, damn
Qari such a fool wit it, damn, damn
Hey I know where the light goes, damn, damn, damn
Yeah I know what to do with it, damn, damn, damn, damn

Supa you a fool wit it
Qari  you a fool wit it
Supa you a fool wit it
Qari  you a fool wit it
I could show you light glow
I know what to do with it, hey
Supa you a fool wit it, damn, damn, damn, damn
Cam you a fool wit it, damn, damn, damn, damn
Chano, I'm a fool wit it, damn, damn, damn, damn
I know what to do with it, damn, damn, damn, damn
No we don't do not do snitchin'
No we don't do fission
Hit you with that new vision
Don't know what to do with it
Pull up in that new vented
You would think that you invented
But you know that I do it different
Pull up with that fool visit, who is it?Yeah, I do what I wanna
If I die tell my Momma I'm a stoner

Yeah, I do what I wanna
Blunts of the strong marijuana
If I die tell my Momma I'm a stoner
Do what I wanna
Always smell that aroma
Started young now I'm feeling older
Do what I wanna

I'm too drunk to care, drunk to care
All you do is stop and stare, stop and stare (Yeah, I do what I wanna)
No you don't love me, yeah
No you don't love me, yeah (Yeah, I do what I wanna)

Not losing the time, no, no, not again
I know that this money is my only friend
I know that these drugs finna do me in
But I'ma do them anyway
I know I sin, sin, sin
Don't got no regrets, yes, yes
I'ma live the best, best, best
'Til I lay to rest, rest, rest
Percocet keep from all my pain
Xanny umbrella
Yeah, I hate the rain
Going through the cycle yet again
Time don't stop, no, I know, not for no man

I'm too drunk to care, drunk to care
All you do is stop and stare, stop and stare
No you don't love me, yeah
No you don't love me, yeah
I'm too drunk to care, drunk to care
You just stop and stare, stop and stare
No you don't love me, yeah

You hate me, is that right?
Ayy, caught up in the fast life
I'ma do the dash while I pass life
You hate me, is that right?
Better stand up and act right
I'm living in the fast life
I'ma do the dash when I pass life
You hate me, is that right?
Better stand up
Better act right

Fuck 12, they just let my bro home
Looking in his trap phone, all these unknowns
Shorty finna let me out the friend zone

Yeah, I do what I wanna
Blunts of the strong marijuana
If I die tell my Momma I'm a stunna
Do what I wanna
Always smell the aroma
Started young now I'm feeling older
Do what I wanna

I'm too drunk to care, drunk to care
All you do is stop and stare, stop and stare (Yeah, I do what I wanna)
No you don't love me, yeah
No you don't love me, yeah (Yeah, I do what I wanna)Siedzę sobie w kuchni, na bombie
I palę sobie szlugi - Viceroye
W szkiełku jakieś bzdury, o wojnie
Ja oglądam dupy, na telefonie
I kończy mi się browiec, to Pilsner
Chwila, moment, niech pomyślę
No przecież walą goude na bliskiej
Mają wódki zmrożone, jak Disney

Kręcę się chwilę jak pliki w liczarce
Sprawdzam piłki wyniki w przeglądarce
Patrzę czy nie przybyło mi dziś zmarszczek
Kanapkę z pasztetem popijam barszczem
Biorę taryfę a w zasadzie Uber
Brudno w niej jak po napadzie na burdel
Driver na licencji cudzej na stówę
Poproszę frytki, burgera i wódę
Wchodzę po schodach, bo winda nie jedzie
Jest ciemno jak w dupie za to kiepy wszędzie
Leci dziewczyna bez zęba na przedzie
Otwieram se drzwi cały przedpokój w ledzie
Jeszcze nie wszedłem już strzeliłem gola
Panna cała w dziarach jara jointa z orange
Typ coś sepleni ty melanż nie molanż
A dodatkowo ma fryzurę jak Solange
Podbijam na szluga, na taras
Typ i jakaś dupa, zapalar
Ta panna jest w ciuchach, Max Mara
Spoko, ale, kurwa, za stara
Patrzę na to wszystko dość chłodno
Nie wiem czy wyjść z nią czy osobno
Wysiliłem szybko swą mądrość
Wiem muszę tylko pierdolnąć

Gdzie jest ta w szortach?
Ty, gdzie jest Travolta?
To jest abordaż (woo!)
Padłeś - powstań
Gdzie jest ta w szortach?
Ty, gdzie jest Travolta?
To jest abordaż, uh
Padłeś - powstań

Kręcę się w miejscu jak pralka
Szczęście w nieszczęściu - mam blunta
Typ nie widzi już sensu - trwa walka
On versus wersalka
Otwieram drzwi w łazience - parodia
Ona klęczy, on grzebie coś w spodniach
Ona w t-shirt'cie Tom Forda
Ujebana jak serkiem Ostrowia
Rozgrywają się tu sceny z dramatu
Na glebie LCD made in Singapur
Dwie panny piszczą jak stado kastratów
Biegają, ich nie dogonyat jak Tatu
Jeden się debil rozebrał do nachów
Zagrzał się jak spirala w nagrzewaczu
Patrzy błagalnie, więc mówię mu - "brachu!"
Wal go na łeb to nie jest partia szachów
Kokainy wciąż szukają wampiry
Ktoś chce wybić okno, uderza jak Milik
Przelatuje obok butla Tequilli
Gdy ja sobie na spokojnie gadam z Siri
Wkurwia mnie już ta balanga jak billing
Widok na poprawę jest ostry jak chilli
Jak widać wszyscy są fajni i mili
Na ścianę ktoś przykleił wlepę Keep Smiling
Idę do kuchni - praktyka
Kasetę ktoś puścił - z jamnika
Odpalam dwa szlugi - z palnika
Biorę typa na huki - tak kwita
Kurwa to kpina, jak Seat
Jem resztkę muffina - pożera
Może lepiej się wstrzymać - nadzieja
I spotykam rekina - i co teraz?

Gdzie jest ta w szortach?
Ty, gdzie jest Travolta?
To jest abordaż (woo!)
Padłeś - powstań
Gdzie jest ta w szortach?
Ty, gdzie jest Travolta?
To jest abordaż, uh
Padłeś - powstań

Odwozi mnie pod blok - złotówa
Wchodzę, leci porno - z RedTube'a
Z bazy się goudą - podtruwam
Coś leci przez okno - jest druga
Co wrzucić se najpierw - dylemat
Grzyby czy papier - wybieram
Wita się pacjent - no siema
Lać Sprite'a czy Fantę - 7 Up
Nagle mi wjeżdża jak AT na kwadrat
Typ pali z rury, dwie dziewczyny z wiadra
Wschodni akcent, od chama z busa
To chyba nie jest wymiana Erasmusa
Ktoś podpala chatę, grzeje jak po dykcie
Mówię - gaście to, co się, kurwa, modlicie?
Z gaśnicą wybiega typ z drugim na feacie
Wygląda jak Jezus, drugi jak Jan Chrzciciel
Jointy czy piwka - zapalę
Typ wyłapuje z liścia - za karę
Patrzę na dywan - fraktale
Faluje jej tribal - jak fale
W szkiełku gra bajka - Disneya
W kuchni gra szajka - w Hold’em'a
Mam w dłoni samarę, na ręce pokera
Na stole krążki - nie do hokeja

Gdzie jest ta w szortach?
Ty, gdzie jest Travolta?
To jest abordaż (woo!)
Padłeś - powstań
Gdzie jest ta w szortach?
Ty, gdzie jest Travolta?
To jest abordaż, uh
Padłeś - powstańYou mean to tell me that this is not music
I could fucks with this, I could fucks with this

It's the mystic, materialistic misfit child of the imperial empress
Ever since birds flew, I been spitting this wittiness
It should be considered a sickness
Can you blame him for making an engravement
And leaving the game the same way that he came in
Say that we came this far from cavemen
How hard could it be to spark fire with a drumstick
If the flows that I'm spitting are far-fetched
Ima' kick it regardless, they listen to nonsense
Digressive korrupt recreation in progress
No question if they raise they arms yet
So tell me can you smell that funk?
Got nothing but blunts and Mami with the junk in trunk
ProEra be the troublesome bunch
And they gon' remember that name in a couple of months
I got it locked on the indigo ribbon
Feel the rhythm as it's swimming out your stereo system
And Ima' keep on runnin' with it
Yea I got soul, I was brought up by colored women

Shouts-out to queens that was raised out in Brooklyn
I remember I was on the outside looking in
Keep a stash even when my pockets was looking thin
So pass the pot and let me skillet
You comprehend, Do you comprehend?
I don't think they comprehend
Said Chicago's the game and I'm all for the win
So tell me if it's bongs or hemp
Shouts-out to queens that was raised out in Brooklyn
I remember I was on the outside looking in
Keep a stash even when my pockets was looking thin
So pass the pot and let me skillet
You comprehend, Do you comprehend?
I don't think they comprehend
Said Chicago's the game and I'm all for the win
So tell me if it's bongs or hemp

Shouts-out to queens that was raised out in Brooklyn
I remember I was on the outside looking in
Keep a stash even when my pockets was looking thin
So pass the pot and let me skillet
You comprehend, Do you comprehend?
I don't think they comprehend
Said Chicago's the game and I'm all for the win
So tell me if it's bongs or hemp
Shouts-out to queens that was raised out in Brooklyn
I remember I was on the outside looking in
Keep a stash even when my pockets was looking thin
So pass the pot and let me skillet
You comprehend, Do you comprehend?
I don't think they comprehend
Said Chicago's the game and I'm all for the win
So tell me if it's bongs or hemp
Shouts-out to queens that was raised out in Brooklyn
I remember I was on the outside looking in
Keep a stash even when my pockets was looking thin
So pass the pot and let me skillet
You comprehend, Do you comprehend?
I don't think they comprehend
Said Chicago's the game and I'm all for the win
So tell me if it's bongs or hemp
Shouts-out to queens that was raised out in Brooklyn
I remember I was on the outside looking in
Keep a stash even when my pockets was looking thin
So pass the pot and let me skillet
You comprehend, Do you comprehend?
I don't think they comprehend
Said Chicago's the game and I'm all for the win
So tell me if it's bongs or hemp

The jazzy ambiance keeps me right where I belong
Ever since infinity and beyond
Lyricism isn't appreciated in song
And I won't dumb it down just to be business smart
Your beats cool but it isn't from the heart
And of course, your bars just don't require thought
You hear the lions roar every time I perform
A Deviant, Defiant to the lies of the art
My goal is to try to bring light to the dark
High voltage like lightning, I spark
Vanish, living in the eye of the storm
In a sense it's gone but my mind isn't lost
In reality, vanity is our sanity
Then we lose sight when we're trapped in sanity
Think about the two "I's" In Insanity
And read between the lines, it's more to it actually

Shouts-out to queens that was raised out in Brooklyn
I remember I was on the outside looking in
Keep a stash even when my pockets was looking thin
So pass the pot and let me skillet
You comprehend, Do you comprehend?
I don't think they comprehend
Said Chicago's the game and I'm all for the win
So tell me if it's bongs or hemp
Shouts-out to queens that was raised out in Brooklyn
I remember I was on the outside looking in
Keep a stash even when my pockets was looking thin
So pass the pot and let me skillet
You comprehend, Do you comprehend?
I don't think they comprehend
Said Chicago's the game and I'm all for the win
So tell me if it's bongs or hemp

Shouts-out to queens that was raised out in Brooklyn
I remember I was on the outside looking in
Keep a stash even when my pockets was looking thin
So pass the pot and let me skillet
You comprehend, Do you comprehend?
I don't think they comprehend
Said Chicago's the game and I'm all for the win
So tell me if it's bongs or hemp
Shouts-out to queens that was raised out in Brooklyn
I remember I was on the outside looking in
Keep a stash even when my pockets was looking thin
So pass the pot and let me skillet
You comprehend, Do you comprehend?
I don't think they comprehend
Said Chicago's the game and I'm all for the win
So tell me if it's bongs or hemp
Shouts-out to queens that was raised out in Brooklyn
I remember I was on the outside looking in
Keep a stash even when my pockets was looking thin
So pass the pot and let me skillet
You comprehend, Do you comprehend?
I don't think they comprehend
Said Chicago's the game and I'm all for the win
So tell me if it's bongs or hemp
Shouts-out to queens that was raised out in Brooklyn
I remember I was on the outside looking in
Keep a stash even when my pockets was looking thin
So pass the pot and let me skillet
You comprehend, Do you comprehend?
I don't think they comprehend
Said Chicago's the game and I'm all for the win
So tell me if it's bongs or hempJa, ja, ja, ja, ja ... ah, okay, ah!
Ey, ich komm rein in die Diskothek!
Was? Ich komm rein in die Diskothek!
Wer? Ich komm rein in die Diskothek!
SSIO alleine auf Ficktournee
Ich glaub' die Tür mag den Bonn17-Track
Wenn ich komme halten Frauen ihren Goldring versteckt
Nein Spaß, natürlich bin ich nicht rein gekommen
Ist doch klar, ich bin nicht im Hipp-Style gekommen
Hab blaue Jeans-Hose, Scotch-Soda-Hemd
Wieder am Block, hier raucht jeder Bong oder Blech
Jeder Tag ist derselbe dem gleich, mein Themenbereich
Zähl' jeden Schein, geh' in den Puff weil mein Penis ist steif
Der Alkoholpegel steigt, fahr' den Mercedes in weiß
Führe den Satz nicht mehr fort wegen fehlendem Reim (ah!)
Ich hab Chickenwings bestellt
Mit einem vor Fett triefendem Big King XXL!

Scheiß' auf Salat, hol' den Big King XXL
Mein Hausarzt verschreibt mir den Big King XXL
Wenn du auf deine Gesundheit achtest, hol dir statt 'nem Apfel einfach mal den Big King XXL
Scheiß' auf Salat, hol' den Big King XXL
Mein Hausarzt verschreibt mir den Big King XXL
Wenn du auf deine Gesundheit achtest, hol dir statt 'nem Apfel einfach mal den Big King XXL

Ne, ne, ne, ne, ne ... ah, ah!
Wo bleibt mein Big King XXL mit Chilli-Cheese-Nuggets?
Piece-Platten und Weedpflanzen, Phillies-Zigarren
Zieh' von meinen Blunts die Auspuffen ähneln
Und dein Husten verursacht Bauchmuskeltraining
Bin Gutverdiener, BMW nur Alpina
Halt den Ball flach wie Fußballspieler
Nimm Jack3D damit ich Pump im Arm hab
Du dagegen hebst ein' Stift und hast Muskelkater, Bruder
Dein Rap ist voller Tiefsinnigkeit
Dass man als Zuhörer denkt dein Schniedel ist klein
Ich bumms' gern' Frauen hinter dem Herd
Verteil' Po-Klatscher die lauter sind als die Snare (ah!)
Mit fünf Mädels Quickie oder Fünf gegen Willi
Geh' zur MPU mit Synthetic-Pipi
Täglich pumpen bis die Haut reißt du Doof
Gehst Fitnessstudio und trainierst Bauch-Beine-Po (schäm dich!)

Scheiß' auf Salat, hol' den Big King XXL
Mein Hausarzt verschreibt mir den Big King XXL
Wenn du auf deine Gesundheit achtest, hol dir statt 'nem Apfel einfach mal den Big King XXL
Scheiß' auf Salat, hol' den Big King XXL
Mein Hausarzt verschreibt mir den Big King XXL
Wenn du auf deine Gesundheit achtest, hol dir statt 'nem Apfel einfach mal den Big King XXLLil Kayla gimme one more chance
I'm like fuck no tried to play a P
And fuck around with them slut hoes
And bitches close to me
That's the reason I can't trust hoes
Fuck shady man I turned around and did the nigga cutthroat
Nigga tried to play a real bitch like I won't leave him
Little do he know might have his niggas in my DMs
I can be a shady ass bitch and fuck ya best friend but
I ain't even worried bout yo ass I'm to the next man
Niggas never know a real bitch until they lose it
Then realize it's too late and now they sitting lookin stupid
All you bitches birds but you bitches don't be fly tho
Hoes be puffin garbage but be swearing that they high tho
Had a nasty nigga and he ate me till my eyes closed
Woke me back up did it again and he swallowed
Half you grown hoes got ya nerve to say I'm nasty
Cause if I'm nasty, then bitch you childish if you ask me
Hear you bitches talkin, y'all ain't  not really sayin nothing
Don't worry I don't want your nigga he ain't payin nothing
You hoes be hella worried and I stay up for discussion
They be watching hella hard like it's they nigga that I'm fucking
And bitches get excited get on twitter throwing blunts
But yo nigga was on me and I was never up on him
And don't ever disrespect me bitch he ain't even a 10
Everytime I make a bitch get outta character I win
Imma real ass bitch and I ain't got nothing to prove
He be fucking around with me
And he be fuckin around with you
How the fuck is that yo nigga and I never had a clue
Better fix your situation baby he ain't claiming you
Don't compare me to these bitches
Cause you know I go the hardest
He be feenin' for the pussy but I got the nigga starving
No matter what he telling you he fuck with me regardless
And these bitches say they crazy but they really be retarded
Told these bitches get they mind off a Nigga run it up
If a nigga ever left me I would never give a fuck
I would take the time I put in him and put it to my bucks
And it's forever when's it's real
So if you leave you fake as fuckCleavers up, bring 'em here
Femurs all swing on the ceiling like a chandelier
She sittin' there in a white dress, looking like she should get it
Licking the lips of the reddest, should invest in a head clinic
She got a pocket full of incisors and pliers
In a briefcase in case she get inspired, she ain't
She tryin' to suck face off the bone
You should know she is prone to swallow the marrow
She gettin' her eagle on down on the floor
See how the drinks are flowing off of the top shelf
Men are flashing their belt buckle and wallet leather clock
And they can't stop watching they're jockin' em
While she rockin' them 8 inch stilettos
Ain't into metal, just leather and lace and the taste of oxidation
Lay still and let her let like leeches suck
She might let you fuck but she want

Body and blood
She don't need you for shit but your dick and your veins
And your guts and your body and blood
Every man see she thick and they wish they could bang
When she strut, she got body and blood
Nails did, hair did, body right, teeth white
Knives sharp, gettin' body and blood
If you a bad bitch, let 'em know you ain't out for the dough
You want

Body and blood
Twerk somethin' girl, twerk somethin' girl, twerk somethin' girl
Body and blood
Cut somethin' girl, cut somethin' girl, cut somethin' girl
Body and blood
Kill somethin' girl, kill somethin' girl, kill somethin' girl
Body and blood
Eat somethin' girl, eat somethin' girl, eat somethin' girl

She got her own home, she got her own set of power tools
Her own unmarked van, plan meticulously laid out
And splayed on the walls
All scrawled on dated Polaroids of severed heads plated
She got vials of ketamine, rohypnol, and promethazine
Blunts with amphetamines and whatever your pleasure be
Medically, she readily be
Providing the flyest of times to dine with the finest of wines
Try and you'll find cut glass to get you cut fast without cuttin'
She got a diamond tattoo on her upper thigh
Another fineness walks by and cuts eyes
She let her go, she got a bad little body
Plus a mean walk, mean ass, make jaws slack
But the black make-up match the black makeup
Bag of black clippers and steel and chrome-dip slick black handled switchblades she flips, she gettin'

Body and blood
She don't need you for shit but your dick and your veins
And your guts and your body and blood
Every man see she thick and they wish they could bang
When she strut, she got body and blood
Nails did, hair did, body right, teeth white
Knives sharp, gettin' body and blood
If you a bad bitch, let 'em know you ain't out for the dough
You want

Body and blood
Twerk somethin' girl, twerk somethin' girl, twerk somethin' girl
Body and blood
Cut somethin' girl, cut somethin' girl, cut somethin' girl
Body and blood
Kill somethin' girl, kill somethin' girl, kill somethin' girl
Body and blood
Eat somethin' girl, eat somethin' girl, eat somethin' girl

Candles by the mirror, perfume on the dresser, yes sir
Red sheets made of satin, flowers in the bible drying
Red wine in the goblet, golden Trojan wrappers
Chainsaw motor revving outside, bloodstains on the carpet, Annie
Elbow-length gloves, thigh high fishnets, and the garter
God's son crucified on her necklace, hang just where breasts heave
And by the cheek, got a machine
Make 'em pray that the sex, life and death she doles
And when she body rolls, see how the party go dumb
And the pills dissolve, tongue tits and room revolve
More than a few will fall, black light and new resolve
She gettin'

Body and blood
She don't need you for shit but your dick and your veins
And your guts and your body and blood
Every man see she thick and they wish they could bang
When she strut, she got body and blood
Nails did, hair did, body right, teeth white
Knives sharp, gettin' body and blood
If you a bad bitch, let 'em know you ain't out for the dough
You want

Body and blood
Twerk somethin' girl, twerk somethin' girl, twerk somethin' girl
Body and blood
Cut somethin' girl, cut somethin' girl, cut somethin' girl
Body and blood
Kill somethin' girl, kill somethin' girl, kill somethin' girl
Body and blood
Eat somethin' girl, eat somethin' girl, eat somethin' girl

Body and blood
Body and blood
Body and blood
Body and blood...bae...

Ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah
Ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
Ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah
Ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah

I just wanna wake up to the suns in Saint Laurent
Hundred thousand dollars on the fronts, hella blunts
I just wanna wake up on ya thigh, on a yacht
Or in the Rolls that's rented, windows tinted
We call that big spendin', big spendin'
I'ma get back on my feet, give me a minute
I'ma feel this in my thighs, like he been in it
Young Simma, Young Simma, give me a minute

Sun down, wind chimes
Break it down, one line, a line
Can't no see me, no flex, be kind
Dollars never show up on CP time

I just wanna wake up on CP time
Wake up to that nigga, leave he behind
Get a presidential suite, leave with they linen
In the Rolls that's rented, windows tinted

Sun down, wind chimes
Break it down, one line, a line
Can't no see me, no flex, be kind
Dollars never show up on CP time

What, you have a comment?
No, I didn't say anything, I didn't say nothin'Make it butter
I'm gonna Bankhead bounce
No doubt
Ayo, watch your mouth

Ayo, one two three four five six seven, blaze the hot
Trizack that sound like heaven
Seven six five four three two one
C'mon, Meth-Tical, come and get some

Playing my position, hot Nick, son
This one, for all the sick ones, infliction
Poisonous darts sickening, best believe
Finger itchin' with two broke legs, now I'm trippin'
On MC's cliche, shot that ricochets
Start trouble bust bubbles, hip to wicked ways
Gotta love me, G-O-D, no one above me
Look good but fuck ugly
Tap your jaw from my Punch Buggy sonning you
Got you shittin' in your last Huggie, running who
Fuckin' punk, get a speed bump coming through
A single shot make yo meat lump, respect Wu

Ayo, I put it on a nigga, shitted on a nigga
Turn a Christian to a certified sinner
The bomb I release, time pent up (Explode)
When you got sent up I was hitting your ex ho
Shit, I kept low, petro' your metro
Politic, keep the chickenheads gobblin'
Shit I'm driving in come with funk halogen
Terrorize your city, from the spliff committee
Kick ass 'til both Timberlands turn shitty
Gritty, smack the driver's head in the gypsy
When I approach rappers be taking notes
I drop like I shoulda invented the raincoat
Absolute, I love to burn to the roots
I keep cummin' 'til your pour sperm from your boots
Vigilante hardcore to the penis
Tell you "Fuck you," my attitude is anaemic

I'm the illest nigga alive, watch me prove it
I snatch your crown with ya head still attached to it
Canibus is the type who'll fight for mics
Beating niggas to death and beating dead niggas to life
When you look at me long enough, I start to read your thoughts
If the signal was strong enough, and then I'll call your bluff
Like, "Yo, how many rhymes you got?"
I think I'll go on for more Milleniums than Mazda's got on the car lot
And there's nowhere to run to, when I confront ya
Nigga, I call your bluff like it had a phone number
Who wanna see Canibus get wild?
Who wanna act fly and get shot down with a surface-to-air missile?
I take em on in all shapes, sizes, and forms, and spit on
Anybody who ain't close enough to shit on
Zero to sixty? I'm already doin' a hundred when I'm blunted
And I give it to any nigga that want it

Stay out the dark, cause if I catch you when the sun is down
Run it clown, come up off that, or I'm gon' gun it down
When in doubt, however it's gon' go, it's gon' be that
See that, that shit'll finish you, dog, believe that
Where we at, do you value your life, as much as your possessions
Don't be a stupid nigga, learn a lesson
I'm gon' get you either way, and it's better to live
Let me get what's between your sock, cause it's, better to give
Than receive, believe what I say when I tell you
Don't make me put you somewhere where nobody'll smell you
And when the lights is out, they don't come back on
This ain't a flick you ain't gon' come back on
You ain't that strong
You knew it was wrong, but you asked for it baby
You'se a pink nigga, ski mask for it baby
So I can hit you up on Front Street, you think I'm sweet
Want heat, one deep, leave him behind, front seat

Ayo, one, (two,) three, (four,) five, (six,) seven
Blaze the hot trizack, (shine like heaven
Seven,) six, (five,) four, (three,) two, (one)
Come on Mr. Smith, come get some

When young sons fantasize of borrowing flows
Tell little shorty with the big mouth the bank is closed
The symbol on my arm is off limits to challengers
You hold the rusty swords, I swing the Excalibur
How dare you step up in my dimension
Your little ass should be somewhere cryin on detention
Watch your mouth better yet hold your tongue
I'ma do this shit for free this time this one's for fun
Blow you to pieces, leave you covered in feces
With one thesis ("LL Cool J is hard")
Every little boy wanna pick up the mic
And try to run with the big boys and live up to the real hype
But that's like picking up a ball, playing with Mike
Swingin at Ken Griffey or challenging Roy to a fight
Snapping, you amateur MC's
Don't you know I'm like the Dream Team touring overseas
For rappers in my circle I'm a deadly disease
Ringmaster, bringing a tiger cub to his knees
In the history of rap they've never seen such prominence
Your naive confidence gets crushed by my dominance
Now let's get back to this mic on my arm
If it ever left my side it'd transform into a time bomb
You don't wanna borrow that, you wanna idolize
And you don't wanna make me mad nigga you wanna socialize
And I'm daring every MC in the game
To play yourself out position, and mention my name
I make a rhyme for every syllable in your name
Go platinum for every time your grimy ass was on the train
Watch your mouth don't ever step out of line
LL Cool J nigga, greatest of all timeDon't play with my money
Don't play with my mind
Don't play with my fucking emotion
I'm waiting on trial
It's been a while
I ain't got time for a motion
While you walking out
So I'm running miles
And I ain't got time to be coasting
So look at my file
I'm counting piles
Of money from dreams and devotion

Must not know who you fucking with just me, myself and I
I've been moving all up by myself and getting to the top
You can't stop what's already on its way, so step out to the side
I've been grinding since a little kid, so I would never lie
I'm a motherfucking monster now, that you just can't control
I just say the fuck I wanna and just do the fuck you don't
You don't understand the message, get them back to fuck up off
I'm a motherfucking gangsta in this business so I won't
Going bye to the people that just want to see me fall
So go fuck yourself and all that shit cause I can't do no wrong
I'm a demon, I'm an angel, I'm a god so what the fuck
You don't know what I've been going through so miss me when you  front like

Don't play with my money
Don't play with my mind
Don't play with my fucking emotion
I'm waiting on trial
It's been a while
I ain't got time for a motion
While you walking out
So I'm running miles
And I ain't got time to be coasting
So look at my file
I'm counting piles
Of money from dreams and devotion

Sleeping on the ground I thought our lives would never change
But we try, we try, we try to get through motherfucking pain
Sell my life away for nothing, thought that I had just fell off
Stuck inside a prison for my mamma, I would not give up
But
I'm still in my zone, still with no phone, I ain't got nothing to prove to you
You and your friends you can pretend that I don't exist or amuse you
Say what you want I'm hitting blunts, so people you think they don't matter
No one is fucked, front if you want, you just don't know what I'm after
Doing sold off shows all up and down the fucking globe
We took nothing, made it something then got robbed of all our hope
I've been ducking, I've been diving and I know I'm still afloat
So just count me out again bitch, just motherfucking know

Don't play with my money
Don't play with my mind
Don't play with my fucking emotion
I'm waiting on trial
It's been a while
I ain't got time a motion
While you walking out
So I'm running miles
And I ain't got time to be coasting
So look at my file
I'm counting piles
Of money from dreams and devotionI get decent off his yayo
That white girl keep them bills out the mail
I'm in a whip that look like mayo
Got all the boys on the block yelling, "ayo!"
I'm the one who all these bitches wanna be
Thirsty niggas, I just give 'em Aquafina
If I see anybody talkin' shit, I'm swingin'
I'm in the club, throwin' racks like I'm Serena

You was hot, I guess the summer up
I run the game, you just a runner-up
I got a boy but want another one
You might just have to get that cover up
Keep my bitch with me, that's how I'm rockin'
Dropped out of college but I'm still a topic
He bank with Chase, so I'm gon' run his pockets
I got my check up, ain't no window shoppin'

I get decent off his yayo
That white girl keep them bills out the mail
I'm in a whip that look like mayo
Got all the boys on the block yelling, "ayo!"
I'm the one who all these bitches wanna be
Thirsty niggas, I just give 'em Aquafina
If I see anybody talkin' shit, I'm swingin'
I'm in the club, throwin' racks like I'm Serena

Dreezy, what up?
I pull up, cut up
These bitches know that they can't fuck with us
Got choppers and uppercuts
How you want it? Bitch, sum it up
Bitches mad cause I got the upper hand
I'm in upperclass, don't want to fuck your man
Nigga's dusty
I'm in the Chi lookin' for Durk, tell him I got on my buffies
They tell me they love me, but I never trust 'em
I got my own bag, I don't need your money
I don't need shit from you, I'm livin' so lovely
I'm lookin' so cute, but shit can get so ugly
So run up on me
Fuck callin' cousins and callin' brothers
I'm pullin' cards, I'm pullin' numbers, nigga
Like ball, ball, ball, ball, ball, ball, ball

I get decent off his yayo
That white girl keep them bills out the mail
I'm in a whip that look like mayo
Got all the boys on the block yelling, "ayo!"
I'm the one who all these bitches wanna be
Thirsty niggas, I just give 'em Aquafina
If I see anybody talkin' shit, I'm swingin'
I'm in the club, throwin' racks like I'm Serena

No lie, I'm turnt up (drunk as fuck, though)
Got that skunk, rollin' blunts in the cut (I'm getting high)
I see you bitches actin' tough (for what, though?)
Don't make me pop the trunk (don't make me do it)
Ain't got no engine in the front (you ain't see it)
He wanna fuck, read his mind like I'm Avant (I know)
Got a sack, so I stunt
I've been up, ain't been asleep in 'bout a month

I get decent off his yayo
That white girl keep them bills out the mail
I'm in a whip that look like mayo
Got all the boys on the block yelling, "ayo!"
I'm the one who all these bitches wanna be
Thirsty niggas, I just give 'em Aquafina
If I see anybody talkin' shit, I'm swingin'
I'm in the club, throwin' racks like I'm SerenaUghh
Yeah, yeah

Bitches switched up and act like I ain't noticed
I just run it up 'cause that's the main focus
Talkin' down on all these bitches, yes I know this
Need a thottie, Kylie body tryna' go with this
I don't know how the fake shit go there
Got too much going, think I'm fiendin' for the Goyard
Like I'm up, Maison if you test me I'm gon' go there
.22, up on front, you can't go there

I don't know why niggas be frontin'
(Yeah)
I don't know why niggas be talkin'
(Yeah)
I don't know why niggas be flexin'
I do what I want, stop talking
Me, JD, link wit' Southend, we was thuggin'
You don't know me, I been juggin' for a moment
Said I'm with Gs, say we trappin' so we thumbin'
Said we thumbin' yeah
I said we thumbin' yeah
Fuck school, stuck to rapping, I love fast money
If you with it, better know you can't turn back from it
Just copped some green for the wood I said and now we bluntin'
Flipped a brick, now they ballin' and now it subbin'
.223 and it's full, so we can blast off
Fast cars full of bitches like in mask off
My bitches 10, toot it again and I dash off
Stick 'em up and I did that shit now mask off

Bitches switched up and act like I ain't noticed
I just run it up 'cause that's the main focus
Talkin' down on all these bitches, yes I know this
Need a thottie, Kylie body tryna' go with this
I don't know how the fake shit go there
Got too much going, think I'm fiendin' for the Goyard
Like I'm up, Maison if you test me I'm gon' go there
.22, up on front, you can't go there

Faking for what? Only tell truth
Sayin' they sparking you know it ain't true
Niggas be talking but never come through
Saying they banging but I know it's cool, yeah
Yeah, what's new?
What's new?
What's new?
Grew up fifty avenue, tweaker layed up next to dude
Need a bigger revenue so I stay tryna' sell to you
Niggas always testing me so I stay with that .32
You can't roll with bros and me 'cause we gon' blast that .22
Yeah, you know
I said you know, yeah
I turn heads when I, roll through yeah
You know I'm with the, with a crew yeah
Circle small so I just two times two, yeah

Bitches switched up and act like I ain't noticed
I just run it up 'cause that's the main focus
Talkin' down on all these bitches, yes I know this
Need a thottie, Kylie body tryna' go with this
I don't know how the fake shit go there
Got too much going, think I'm fiendin' for the Goyard
Like I'm up, Maison if you test me I'm gon' go there
.22, up on front, you can't go thereYeah, I’m back off in this bitch one more time
To drop this rhyme, about where my roots at
Yeah, Westside is in the house
Frazier Homes is in the house
Cloverdale is in the house
And Savannah, GA is in the house, so check it…

February 1st, 1975 it happened
Was born in West Savannah way before I started rappin'
My mamma had a nigga at the age of fifteen
My daddy was sellin' that sack, now he's gots responsibilities
Stayed at me granny's while me mammy was at work
And she couldn't watch my every move so shit I started servin'
Around Frazier Home, down in the Westside projects
Changin' over foodstamps, and hittin' a lick was next see
I'm just a playa like that, my jeans was sharply creased
I got a fresh white t-shirt and my cap is slightly pointed East
So flyin', or floatin', a Brougham is what I'm sportin'
Sade is in my tape deck, I'm moving in slow motion, boi
So meet me deep in the streets that's where I learned the capers
Us lickin' blunts, lickin' leaves, rolling reefer papers
I'm slightly slouched, in the seats off in my bucket
But the niggas around the Ave. and the hoes, they love me
They wanna be me and my family too
Because the money that I make be puttin' cable off in every room
So follow the fiends, follow my lead through the nooks and crannies
It's everyday life off in my hood so come and holla at me
But go 'head on, with that foolishness bitch
Let me get lovely with my swerve because I'm true to this shit
And if you coming with eight dollars, you shit out of luck
Because the Westside ain't taking no shorts on the dime
So fire it up

Now, now, now, nine in my hand, ounce in my crotch
Diggin' the scene with a gangsta slouch, mmmmhmmmm!
(like that now, like this, and it don't quit, and it don't stop)
Nine in my hand, ounce in my crotch
Diggin' the scene with a gangsta slouch, mmmmhmmmm!
(and it don't stop, and it don't quit, it's like that and ah)

See, niggas in the South wear gold teeth and gold chains
Been doing it for years, so these niggas ain't gone change
They coming around the ghetto so you might call em soul
Been wearing furry Kangol's, so that shit is old
You might slang a rock or two just to pay the rent
Five dollars for a table dance so now your money's spent
You listen to that booty shake music in your trunk
As long as there's that "tic tic" followed by that bump
I'm down to stick a ho if she got a G-string
'Cause the niggas in the Point ain't changed, man
You might call us country, but we's only Southern
And I don't give a fuck, P-Funk spot to spark another

Now, now, now, nine in my hand, ounce in my crotch
Diggin' the scene with a gangsta slouch, mmmmhmmmm!
(like that now, like this, and it don't quit, and it don't stop)
Nine in my hand, ounce in my crotch
Diggin' the scene with a gangsta slouch, mmmmhmmmm!
(and it don't stop, and it don't quit, it's like that and ah)
Now, now, now, nine in my hand, ounce in my crotch
Diggin' the scene with a gangsta slouch, mmmmhmmmm!
(like that now, like this, and it don't quit, and it don't stop)
Nine in my hand, ounce in my crotch
Diggin' the scene with a gangsta slouch, mmmmhmmmm!
(and it don't stop, and it don't quit, it's like that and ah)
Now, now, now, nine in my hand, ounce in my crotch
Diggin' the scene with a gangsta slouch, mmmmhmmmm!
(like that now, like this, and it don't quit, and it don't stop)Baby lion goes
Where the islands go

You say you never saw this comin', well, you're not alone
Million dollar renovations to a happy home
My ex says she gave me the best years of her life
I saw a recent picture of her, I guess she was right
I wake up, assessin' the damages
Checkin' MediaTakeOut
Pictures of me drunk walkin' out with a bitch
But it's blurry enough to get the fake out
I wake up, all veggies no eggs
I hit the gym, all chest no legs
Yep, then I made myself a smoothie
Yeah, then me and wifey make a movie
Chicago - St. Louis, St. Louis to Chicago
Ándale, ándale E.I, E.I, uh-oh
You had me drivin' far enough to switch the time zone
You was the best of all time at the time though
Yeah, you wasn't mine though

But I still drove 30 hours
And I, I still drove 30 hours to you, yeah

I remember rappin' for Jay and Cam
Young producer just trying to get his flows off
I remember being nervous to do Victoria's Secret
'Til I pictured everybody with they clothes off
Expedition was Eddie Bauer edition
I'm drivin' with no winter tires in December
Skrrt, skrrt, skrrt, like a private school for women
Then I get there and all the Popeye's is finished, girl
You don't love me, you just pretendin'
I need a happy beginnin', middle and endin'
Chicago, St. Louis, St. Louis to Chicago
It's gettin' hot in here, that's all that I know
Got a hotel room, three stars for you
You call down for an omelet, girl, it's 5 in the morning
You realize we at the DoubleTree, not the Aria
Only thing open is Waffle House, girl, don't start with me
I used the Western Union for you like it's no prob'
'Cause you was in college complainin' 'bout it's no jobs
But you were suckin' a nigga dick the whole time
Well, I guess a blowjob's better than no job

And I drove back 30 hours

Where the main ties onto the sail
Better on sighting
For astern, oh

3 Stacks, can you help me out?
30 hours
Yeah, this type of shit you just ride out to
30 hours
30 hours
I just be like, it was my idea to have an open relationship
Now a nigga mad
Now I'm 'bout to drive 90 miles like Matt Barnes to kill...
30 hours
Just to kill..
Just to...
Just to...
I'm about to drive 90
90 miles like Matt Barnes just to whoop a nigga ass
It was my idea and now a nigga (30 hours)
Now a nigga mad, now a nigga, uh
A stunna
Whoop him after school just to show I got class
Duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh
Duh-duh with you, yeah (30 hours)
You know what I'm sayin'? Drop some shit like that
Ayy, ayy whoop him after school just to
30 hours
Whoop him after school just to show I got class
Uh, 3 Stacks
30 hours
Just ride out to that
Check it out: this the bonus track, this the bonus
30 hours
My favorite albums used to have like bonus joints like this
That's why they kick it off like this
Yeah, just did that Madison Square Garden
30 hours
Had to put the flyest nigga on this shit, ayy, ayy
The pyramids shall rise
30 hours
Look at these ultralight beams flowin'
For all the moms, the dads, the kids, the families that shared this moment with us
Let's rock out for 'bout
30 hours
You know, ayy, you know
Ayy, you know, ayy, you know
30 hours
Whole design team, Yeezy team, music team
Remember when the whole block'd get shout out?
This my version of a shout-out track
30 hours
Let that mothafucka rock, let that, let that, yeah
To my brother Yasiin, holding it down in Africa
30 hours
To my family: thank you for holding me down
The media be acting like
30 hours
That's Gabe calling
Yo Gabe
I'm just doing a... I'm just doing an adlib track right now
What's up?
30 hours
30 hoursPresidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose...)

Rock.. on, Roc-A-Fella y'all
The saga continues.. (What the fuck?)

Ahh, who wanna bet us that we don't touch lettuce?
Stack cheddars forever, live treacherous, all the et ceteras
To the death of us, me and my confidants, we shine
You feel the ambiance, y'all niggas just rhyme
By the ounce, dough accumulates like snow
We don't just shine, we illuminate the whole show, you feel me?
Factions from the other side would love to kill me
Spill three quarts of my blood into the street, let alone the heat
Fuck 'em, they hate a nigga lovin' his life
In all possible ways, know the Feds is buggin' my life
Hospital days, reflectin' when my man laid up
On the uptown high block, he got his side sprayed up
I saw his life slippin', this is a minor setback
Yo, still in all we livin', just dream about the get-back
That made him smile, though his eyes said "pray for me"
I'll do you one better and slay these niggas faithfully
Murder is a tough thing to digest, it's a slow process
And I ain't got nothin' but time
I had near brushes, not to mention
Three shots, close range, never touched me, divine intervention
Can't stop I, from drinkin' Mai-Tai's, with Ty-Ty
Down in Nevada, haha, poppa, word life
I dabbled in crazy weight without rap, I was crazy straight
Partner, I'm still spendin' money from '88, what?

Presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose...)

Geyeah, know what?
I'll make, you and your wack mans fold like bad hands
Roll like Monopoly, advance
You're coppin' me like white crystal
I gross the most at the end of the fiscal year than these niggas can wish to
The dead presidential candidate
With the sprinkles and the Presidential, ice that'll offend you
In due time when crime flees my mind
All sneak thieves and player haters can shine
But until then, I keep the trilliant cut diamonds shinin' brilliant
I'll tell you half the story; the rest, you fill it in
Long as the villain win
I spend Japan yen, attend major events
Catch me in the joints, convinced my iguanas is bitin'
J-A-Y hyphen, controllin', manipulatin'
I got a good life, man, pounds and pence
'Nough dollars make sense, while you ride the bench
Catch me swingin' for the fence
Dead presidents, ya know? Uh-huh

Dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose...)
Dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose...)

I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose...)

Haha, yeah (Haha) yeah, so be it
The Soviet, the Unified steady flow
You already know: you light, I'm heavy, roll heavy dough
Mic-macheted your flow
Your paper falls slow like confetti, mine's a steady grow, perico
Pay 580 for blow, better believe I have 1160 to show
My dough flip like Tae-Kwon
Jay-Z the icon, baby, you like Dom?
Maybe this Cristals'll change your life, huh? Roll with the winners
Heavy spinners like hit records: Roc-A-Fella
Don't get it corrected, this shit is perfected
From chips to chicks to strippin' a Lexus
Naked without your gun, we takin' everything you brung
We cakin', you niggas is fakin', we gettin' it done
Crime family, well-connected, Jay-Z
And you, fake thugs is unplugged like MTV
I empty three, take your treasure, my pleasure
Dead presidentials, politics as usual—BLAOW!

Dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose...)
Dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose...)
Dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose...)
Dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose...)

I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose...)Now I haven't eaten all day. How am I gonna do this man?
Yeah don't wait for her man, don't wait for her
I'll tell you what man: come with me now and you know
I'll get you some lunch, I'll hook you up with something
I got a little bank, y'know, no problem
I hear you, that's cool (alright? It's cool)
Man, can't you guys just wait here about a half hour, man?
Yo I'll be back man, I'm just gonna munch up a little bit man, I'm pretty hungry
Yo let him come back

Here you will find food for your body
As well as comfort for your troubled mind
I'd really like some soup (bread and butter)
Of course my friend. What happened to your hand?
Oh, food at last!

How did they get here?
Regular storage procedure, the same as the other food
What other food?
Fish (food) protein (fast for ya)

Now what happened?
Well, the cop got
The next morning I went to the store to get some food
(Bread and butter) They arrested me
I'll save you (thank you)
Would you like a snack?
Thanks for the drink

Operation Doomsday complete
All your intercoms casualty and damage testing

Enough! you talk of the people's rights
The people have only those rights which I choose to give them
And that's for their own good, believe me
I do, DOOM
They disappoint me, they must work faster
But the prisoner-
Ah yes, the young traitor who has tried to turn my people against me
Watch him. I have special plans for that one

Beef rap, could lead to getting teeth capped
Or even a wreath for mom dukes on some grief crap
I suggest you change your diet
It can lead to high blood pressure if you fry it
Or even a stroke, heart attack, heart disease
It ain't no starting back once arteries start to squeeze
Take the easy way out phony, until then
They know they wouldn't be talking that bologna in the bullpen
So disgusting, pardon self as I discuss this
They talk a wealth of shit and they ain't never seen the justice
Bust this, like a cold milk from out the toilet
Two batteries some Brillo and some foil, heat'll boil it
He be better off on PC glued
And it's a feud so don't be in no TV mood
Every week it's mystery meat, seaweed stewed
(Food, we need food!)

He wears a mask just to cover the raw flesh
A rather ugly brother with flows that's gorgeous
Drop dead joints hit the whips like bird shit
They need it like a hole in they head or a third tit
Her bra smell, his card say: aw hell
Barred from all bars and kicked out the Carvel
Keep a cooker where the jar fell
And keep a cheap hooker that's off the hook like Ma Bell
Top bleeding, maybe fella took the loaded rod gears
Stop feeding babies colored sugar-coated lard squares
The odd pair swears and God fears
Even when it's rotten, we've gotten through the hard years
I wrote this note around New Year's
Off a couple a shots and a few beers, but who cares?
Enough about me, it's about the beats
Not about the streets and who food he 'bout to eat
A rhyming cannibal who's dressed to kill and cynical
Whether is it animal, vegetable or mineral
It's a miracle how he get so lyrical
And proceed to move the crowd like a old Negro spiritual
For a mil', do a commercial for Mello Yello
Tell 'em devil's hell no, sell y'all own Jello
We hollow krills, she swallow pills
He follow flea collar three dollar bills
And squeal for halal veal, if y'all appeal
Dig the real, it's how the big ballers deal
Twirl a L after every meal (food!)

What up?
To all rappers: shut up with your shutting up
And keep your shirt on, at least a button-up
Yuck, is they rhymers or strippin' males?
Out of work jerks since they shut down Chippendales
They chippin' nails, DOOM, tippin' scales
Let alone the pre-orders that's counted off shippin' sales
This one goes out to all my peoples skippin' bail
Dippin' jail, whippin' tail and sippin' ale
Light the doobie 'til it glow like a ruby
After which they couldn't find the Villain like Scooby
He's in the lab on some old Buddha Monk shit
Overproof drunk shit, but who'd'a thunk it?
Punk, try and ask why ours be better
Could be the iron mask or the Cosby sweater
Yes, you, who's screwed by the dude on the CD, nude
(We need food!)Mefedron to szmata, suki nie chce znać, jebać
Może z kurwą ruszę, jeśli zajdzie potrzeba, a na razie to to zlewam, jebać
Czegoś się spodziewał, że tutaj zginę?
Pu pu pu, nie ten rocznik skurwysynie
Farszem nabijam cukinie, jeśli bit byłby cukinią
Ding dong, nie pojedziesz tą windą
Zagrasz w ping pong, to kurwa odbij
Lubisz plotki, Ty mój chuj jest słodki
Twoje ruchy mrzonki, Twoje ziomki to pionki
Przeciwko nam kurwa rządowe czołgi
Czujesz się spokojny, to pewnie żyjesz w błędzie
Czujesz niespokojnie, to pewnie masz wyjęte
Parę nocy z rzędu przegrywasz z wielodobem
Zasypiasz, pierdolić ćpuńskie fobie (tfu!)
Jadę z tym, jakbym kurwa jechał z dziwką
Polska, Warszawa, Ciemna Strefa, Hip-Hop
Macie coś przeciwko? To mamy beef na noże
Dobry Boże, ja pierdole co za młodzież
Co się rap to się woże, no bo co kurwa nie może?
Chuj mnie boli co se napiszesz na forze
Jointy smoże, voilà madame
Ty kurwa taka, że by smyrnął po pośladach
Takie właśnie tutaj wypierdalam
A Ty w populizmach się upierdalaj
Dzyń dzyń, co tam morda u Ciebie?
Ebe ebe, ebe ebe ebe
I bardzo dobrze, to nie głuchy telefon
Idź pokrzycz do lasu, to usłyszysz echo
Echo, satelita wysoko
Namierza Twój telefon, logowania (Hello Moto)
Weź ogarnij coś by nie wiedział o tym nikt
Że ściany mają uszy wiadomo nie od dziś
Sąsiedzi złe intencje, zawodzi czynnik ludzki
Tak jak bydle leci do garnka wódki
Potęga gotówki, nie chce skończyć jak reszta
Zresztą znowu wypada reszka
Jebana dilerka, wróżby z białego prochu
Wybierz jedną liczbę od dziesięciu do roku
Atmosfera gęsta coraz bardziej w butli
Exclusive rich bitch, kupują futra z nutrii
Pudry, kasyna, hotele, zabawa
Jebnie Ci pikawa kurwa pa, zawał
La viva lambada, ładnie żeś nakłamał
Sąd Cię uniewinnia, bo sam tego nie ogarnia
To nie kurwa narnia, choć tysiące bajek
Cuda-wianki, pióropusze, kaszel od ruskich fajek
Tiri titi, meliniarsko kurwa dewastacyjne graffiti
Pod kołami big city, a problemy największe
Zawsze ktoś do kogoś ma gdzieś o coś pretensje
Ktoś maczety, miecze, ktoś ma rottweilery
Ktoś pierwsza liga samar, ktoś dopierdolony steryd
Ktoś ma dobry rap, a ktoś go kurwa nie ma
Siema, siema, siema, pozdrowienia z podziemia

Wpierdalam się na bit jak prostytutki Rocco
Kurwy biorą głęboko jak dno ma Morskie Oko
Oto rap pierwsza liga, podziemny mainstream
Odwrócony uśmiech po tym na pewno masz szerszy
Wersy, pisane późną nocą na dopale
Radiowozy na sygnale w tą i wewtą krążą stale
Białe kitrasz w majtach, w klubach trwa rajza
Wiksa hajda-hajda awantury jak Al-Kaida
Się wychyla łajza? Jeb cep na łeb!
Nokaut is dead - zszedł i come back
Pech, bo ich trzech, odwet robią jego ziomki
Na szczękowej chirurgii lekarz w całości łączyWarum rapp' ich nur von Zizzies machen und Schlampen, die ich bums weil
Alle meine Fans sind maskuline Jungs - JA JA
Das ist Bonn nicht Paris
Der Otticker schießt auf Kopfnicker-Beats
Ich vertibicke an Gras- und Piecekunden Mengen
Und fahr seitdem rum mit Satellit-großen Felgen
Meine Jungs sind am Kiosk, die Junkies
Weil S.S.I.O. für Peace sorgt wie Ghandi
Wenn wir kommen und du paar Ochsen siehst
Kackst du Schmarotzer tief in deine Karottenjeans
Bin Pelzjackenträger durch Pep, Gras und Baida
Geldstrafen schmälern und Benz AMG fahren, NUTTÖÖÖ
Was für glaubhafte Schiene?
Wenn du zuckst beim Sound von meiner V8 Maschine
Du wirst von uns geohrfeigt mit Händen
Die so groß sind, dass von dem Druck deine Storchbeine brechen

Wer ist der King of Rap? - S.S.I.O
Guckt nur bei Sexrelax - S.S.I.O
Kopfnicken kostet Geld - S.S.I.O
Normal, 0228 ist die Vorwahl
Wer bumst auch dickere Frauen? - S.S.I.O
Wer holt die SIM-Karte raus? - S.S.I.O
Wer ist S.S.I.O? - S.S.I.O
Ja Ja, bums alles weg, deutscher Rap ist ne NUTTÖÖÖ

Jaja, ich fick Nutten weg
Aus dem Stripclub-Geschäft, tick Koks und Pep
Vor Kribipos versteckt, die in Immobilien
Ermitteln ohne Erfolg, weil ich Ingo Thiee kenn
Halts Maul - und such an Ostern paar Eier
Während ich mit Pflanzen mein Großhandel treib, Ah
Krieg Piece und Haze aus Heerlen nach Haus
Dessen Kilopacks ich vorher in Airbags verbau, Nuttensooohn
Ich häng draußen ab und bums Mädels
Du welche die von außen starken Jungs ähneln
Dazu hab ich Weltklasse Kunden
Und kann bald den Bizeps mit Geldbatzen pumpen
Normal, siehst du wie wir L-Blätter bauen
Und aus Spaß mit 'nem Brett Backpackrapper hauen
Feiern in grauen G-Star Hosen im Club
Weil wir Jungs sind mit Migrationshintergrund

Wer ist der King of Rap? - S.S.I.O
Guckt nur bei Sexrelax - S.S.I.O
Kopfnicken kostet Geld - S.S.I.O
Normal, 0228 ist die Vorwahl
Wer bumst auch dickere Frauen? - S.S.I.O
Wer holt die SIM-Karte raus? - S.S.I.O
Wer ist S.S.I.O? - S.S.I.O
Ja Ja, bums alles weg, deutscher Rap ist ne NUTTÖÖÖ

Ahh, ich vertick Pillen oder Harz
Machst auf Straßenrap und spittest 100 Bars, mit Brille ohne Glas - Zieh ab!
Laber mich nicht voll von Scheine machen
Wenn du Regale auffüllen gehst im Einzelhandel
Jeden Tag Supersatz-Euro-Training
Danach diversen Kunden ein Beutel Haze bringen
Häng mit Jungs mit adrigem Bizeps und krummen Nasen
Du mit Jungs, die 'nen Piercing auf Zungen tragen
Bei meinen Joints machst du nach 'nem Zug Heia
Und dein Kopf dreht sich im Kreis so wie Uhrzeiger NUTTÖÖÖ
Ich treff mich mit blonden Sharmuts
Bei Null Grad trotzdem im Jogginganzug
Du siehst neben Fuffi-Batzen Uzi-Knarren
Währenddessen im Backstage Groupies blasen
Entweder Parra mit Rapmusik
Oder weiterhin auf der Straße mit Päckchen Piece

Wer ist der King of Rap? - S.S.I.O
Guckt nur bei Sexrelax - S.S.I.O
Kopfnicken kostet Geld - S.S.I.O
Normal, 0228 ist die Vorwahl
Wer bumst auch dickere Frauen? - S.S.I.O
Wer holt die SIM-Karte raus? - S.S.I.O
Wer ist S.S.I.O? - S.S.I.O
Ja Ja, bums alles weg, deutscher Rap ist ne NUTTÖÖÖTogether we are, a powerful force, as one, mind, body and soul
Let no evil enter nor attempt to reduce us because of the beliefs we hold
And with this love, combined with our strength, we ward off pain and stress
Technician I am, wholeheartedly, in life and in death

Okay I get it, I'm an F.O.N Freak of Nature
But the pen is gonna heat the paper
Was a problem in a incubator
Mom and dad was a creature maker
I never need the shaker
The beef from table, the teacher later
Now you're the beast awakener
I don't think the streets are safer
My misery seepin' through my delivery
Bitter we givers and they keep my figures, don't try to nigger me
The grave digger is hither, he is no kidder, see
Consider the dark energy, sinner be inner me
Black diamonds all around callin' all the down definites
Who saw the clown and now steppin' with that tall amount of big tech and shit
Aah-ooh - 3 times
My people they know what that defines
What the people are lovin', and that's T-9
He rhyme and make 'em make a beeline
They 'bout to hate, make out the great
They mouth'll break if they don't pay off the cake
Stay out my face, you don't want me to lay out the fake
Flip the sick and pray thou relate
Damned and incredible straight out the gate

We are the darkness, but we’re leaving
We are the gods that are deceiving
We are the painters of blind-faith
We are the children of your rivals
Holding guns while reading Bibles
Go ahead and seal your fate
Straight out the gate

You see the face of EBAH on Tech Nina
Evil Brain, Angel Heart I remain in the dark and anointed
With holy they console me when they know we
Sin got a hold of me, why they let go of me? I’m double jointed
I’m wicked and I represent the sickness
All you fraudulents feeling I’m falling offending the father
I place you in the deepest darkest part of abyss
Nobody but you and without any food and no agua
I blackened the sun on you bitches
Sat in the dungeons and ditches
Yappin is one of your glitches - halt it
The Kraken has come with the quickness
Back and I’m plundering chicks
And laughing you dummies trip with Exalted
Tech N9ne
Fuck the industry, independents, we enemies to them and he that’s blind
The champ is here, the vamp is near
Huntin' you heathens, hella hungry and I’m amped this year

We are the darkness, but we’re leaving
We are the gods that are deceiving
We are the painters of blind-faith
We are the children of your rivals
Holding guns while reading Bibles
Go ahead and seal your fate
Straight out the gate

I am the public enemy #1
Fuck your fame, I became the name of a gun
Now they parents hate Aaron because they sons
And daughters wanna be martyrs believing in my art, ain't it young?
All I got is my balls and rap,
I'm appalled that y'all want me to fall calling craps
Suckers hate it, now they crawlin' back 'cause I'm tall as Shaq
And I'm always up for brawlin' bats
Strange Music saved my life
I was fuckin' it then the music became my wife
Nobody on this planet can tame my mic
Call me crazy, don't matter, fucking insane I like

When the sun's beam melts
Everyone screams help
(Then only one king's felt
When telling all survivors welcome to Something Else)

And I say Kansas City
Will always stay Kansas City
Yeah
This is Something Else baby!
Lets Go!

We are the darkness, but we’re leaving
We are the gods that are deceiving
We are the painters of blind-faith
We are the children of your rivals
Holding guns while reading Bibles
Go ahead and seal your fate
Straight out the gate

I ain't knockin no more I'm breakin' inSome days I just wanna up and call it quits
I feel like I'm surrounded by a wall of bricks
Every time I go to get up I just fall in pits
My life's like one great big ball of shit
If I could just put it all into all I spit
'Stead of always tryna swallow it, instead of starin'
At this wall and shit while I sit, writer's block
Sick of all this shit, can't call it, shit
All I know is I'm about to hit the wall, if I have to see
Another one of Mom's alcoholic fits
This is it, last straw, that's all, that's it
I ain't dealin' with another fuckin' politic
I'm like a skillet bubblin' until it filters up
I'm about to kill it, I can feel it buildin' up
Blow this building up, I've concealed enough
My cup runneth over, I done filled it up
The pen explodes and busts, ink spills my guts
You think all I do is stand here and feel my nuts
Well, I'ma show you what, you gon' feel my rush
You don't feel it, then it must be too real to touch
Peel the Dutch, I'm about to tear shit up
Goosebumps, yeah, I'ma make your hair sit up
Yeah, sit up, I'ma tell you who I be
I'ma make you hate me 'cause you ain't me
You wait, it ain't too late to finally see
What you closed-minded fucks were too blind to see
Whoever finds me is gonna get a finder's fee
Out this world, ain't no one out their mind as me
You need peace of mind? Here's a piece of mine
All I need's a line, but sometimes I don't always find
The words to rhyme to express how I'm really feelin' at that time
Yeah, sometimes, sometimes, sometimes
It's just sometimes, it's always me
How dark can these hallways be?
The clock strikes midnight, one, two, then half-past three
This half-assed rhyme with this half-assed piece
Of paper (*rip*) I'm desperate at my desk
If I can just get the rest of the shit off my chest again
Stuck in a slump, can't think of nothin'
Fuck, I'm stumped up, wait, here comes somethin'
(*Crumples paper*) Nope, it's not good enough, scribble it out
New pad, crinkle it up, and throw the shit out
I'm fizzlin' now, thought I figured it out
Ball's in my court, but I'm scared to dribble it out
I'm afraid, but why am I afraid? Why am I a slave
To this trade? Cyanide I spit to the grave
Real enough to rile you up
Want me to flip it? I can rip it any style you want
I'm a switch hitter, bitch, Jimmy Smith ain't a quitter
I'ma sit until I get enough in me to finally hit a
Fuckin' boiling point, put some oil in your joints
Flip the coin, bitch, come get destroyed
An MC's worst dream, I make 'em tense
They hate me, see me and shake like a chain-link fence
By the looks of 'em, you would swear that Jaws was comin'
By the screams of 'em, you would swear I'm sawin' someone
By the way they're runnin', you would swear the law was comin'
It's now or never, and tonight is all or nothin'
"Momma, Jimmy keeps leavin' on us, he said he'd be back
He pinky promised, I don't think he's honest"
I'll be back, baby, I just gotta beat this clock
Fuck this clock, I'ma make 'em eat this watch
Don't believe me? Watch, I'ma win this race
And I'ma come back and rub my shit in your face, bitch
I found my niche, you gon' hear my voice
'Til you're sick of it, you ain't gonna have a choice
If I gotta scream 'til I have half a lung
If I have half a chance, I'll grab it — Rabbit, run"Well I only brought 3, what you lookin' at me for?"
She's dressed in white and putting off crying
"Well you're the best man, so what's the plan?
Why don't you talk to Matty about it?"
I said, "I only brought 3 like I told you before
We're gonna have to ask about."
Free bar, that's the point
Spilling Amaretto 'cause of previous joints
I'm sitting with a girl, fortunate placing
Preceding railing racket off a porcelain basin
Who's he? Giving it the lips?
I've never seen him knockin' about
He looks just like me, but 6 foot 3
So I reckon you could knock him out
"Well, I think I'll say a couple of words if you don't mind...
I never really got on with your bird the first time I met her out
Dressed in nowt, telling everybody you were shagging about"
Well, who's this? Going for the kiss
I'm probably gonna yosh in your mouth
Because it's 5 past 3, I can hardly see and I'm on the verge of passing outYou find a MC like me who's strong
Leavin' motherfuckers aborted with no verbal support
And when I command the microphone
I get deadly as Khan, though
With a bear and a snake and a panda, I'm all those
Who can withstand the more power I gain?
And make it possible for me to drop a few to wreck yo' brain
Imagine and keep on wishin' upon a star
Finally realizin' who the fuck we are
When I penetrate, it's been withstandin', faded
Would it be the greatest MC of all-time? When I created rhyme
For the simple fact, when I attack I crush your pride
Our intention to ride, every time, all night
I'm faced with the scars beyond this one bar
For me to put down my guard, I'm faced what I'ma ride
Breakin' in gas with the '68 all day
In-and-out with my pay, I'm soon to count the bodies

So mandatory my elevation, my lyrics like orientation
So you can be more familiar with the nigga you facin'
We must be patient, nothin' better than communication
Known to damage and highly flammable, like gas stations
Sorry, I left that ass waitin', no more procrastination
Give up to fate and get that ass shakin'
I'm bustin' and makin' motherfuckers panic
Don't take your life for granted
Put that ass in the dirt, you swear the bitch was planted
My lyrics motivate the planet
It's similar to "Rhythm Nation", but thugged out, forgive me, Janet
Who's in control? I'm activatin' your souls
You know the way the games gettin' told
Yo, two years ago, a friend of mine
Told me Alizé and Cristal blows your mind
Bear witness to the dopest fuckin' rhyme I wrote
Takin' off my coat, clearin' my throat

I got my mind made up, come on
Get in, get into
Let it ride, tonight's the night
I got my mind made up, come on
Get in, get into
Let it ride, tonight's the night

Well, I comes through with two packs of the bomb prophylacs
For protection, so my fuckin' sack won't collapse
'Cause nowadays, shit's evadin' the X-rays
Sendin' young motherfuckers to an early grave
I wonder if my terrifyin' tactics of torturin' MCs
Shows my heart's as cold as the tundra
Electrifyin' like thunder, I'm just too much
Rough and raw with that motherfuckin' poisonous touch
I'm an MC with lyrics that's the fuckin' Bombay
You got ten steps before instant death like Bai Mei
My rhymes'll leave a mark on your mind
As the deadly virus spread through your head like Sand Palm
There's no escape, nah, I ain't blastin'
I use my mental to assassinate assassins for those askin'
Opposed to laughin', raw maniacal villain
Laughter enhances the chances of the killin'
Why is that? 'Cause smilin' faces deceive
You best believe: to MCs, I'm the deadliest disease
My thoughts rip your throat and make it hard to breathe
Your whole camp's under siege, and I'm Jason Voorhees
In the heat of the night is when I defeat and ignite mics
My verbal snipe your vocabs on site
I'm out the cut, uncut and raw with no clause for all
So all my rhymes hit and split the bricks on the wall
You already have an idea about the superior sphere
The greater rhyme creator on both sides of the Equator
I rock from here to there, to Philly and back
To L.A., on the spot where I rock and bust like straps
As your views get overshadowed when you come in contact
Beware, set and prepare to enter verbal combat

Fuck you losers!
While you fake jacks, I makes maneuvers
Like Hitler stickin' up (Jews) with German (Lugers)
The mister Meth-Tical from Staten Isle
Will be back after this message, don't touch the dial
Rarely do you see an MC out for justice
Got my gun powder and my musket—blaow!
Melons get swellings, I paint mental pictures like Magellan
Half of my clan's repeat felons
Niggas best protect they joints for nine-nickels
Man, I stay on point like icicles
Now, who wanna test Tical, the tes-ticals
All up in your motherfuckin' mouth
Headbanger boogie, catch me on tour with Al Doogie
Method Man rolled too tight, you can't pull me
Better take one and pass or that's that ass
Your vital statistics are low and fallin' fast
Johnny Blaze out to get loot like Johnny Cash
Play a game of Russian Roulette and have a blast

Ayo, lyrical gat spittin' the criminal tactics
Non-believers get my dick and genitals backwards
Let's face it, there's no replacement
Taste this mad underground basement shit I'm laced with
Avalanche on your whole camp when I'm splifted
Funk Doctor, who? Spock, bitch, don't get it twisted
I got connects like Federal Express
To get the fresh package of bless the dogs can't fetch
Got the clear spot from the rear block
To bust 'til every nigga here drop, men, I fear not
Hold your nose and blow out 'til your ears pop
Since your crew suit you to shift
Now, you claim that your gears locked
Whiff this underground cannabis
I'm dangerous like John the Bomb Analyst
Flip MCs like ki's
My degrees freeze consecutively, like EPMD LPs
Lick off a shot and hit your fam by mistake
So I erase the whole front row at the wake
I planned my escape in case Jake wanna snake
Bust it, I'm the one pushin' the hearse, in the first place
Confidence for you shaky-ass folks
Pump for Rockafella for the day he got smoked
Choke off this antidote, got you ope
Get roast by my lyrical Billy Dee .45 Colt
(And I'm out for nine-nickel)

I-N-S the RebelWe like the breeze flow straight out of our lids
Them they got moved by these hard-rock Brooklyn kids
Us floor rush when the DJ's booming classics
You, dig the crew on the fattest hip-hop records
He touch the kinks and sinks into the sounds
She frequents the fattest joints caught underground
Our funk zooms like you hit the Mary Jane
They flock to booms man boogie had to change
Who freaks the clips with mad amount percussion
Where kinky hair goes to unthought-of dimensions
Why's it so fly cause hip-hop kept some drama
When Butterfly rocked his light blue-suede Pumas
What by the cut we push it off the corner
How was the buzz entire hip hop era
Was fresh and fat since they started saying outtie
Cause funks made fat from right beneath my hoodie
The poobah of the styles like Miles and shit
Like sixties funky worms with waves and perms
Just sendin' junky rhythms right down ya block
We be to rap what key be to lock
But
I'm cool like dat
I'm cool like dat
I'm cool like dat
I'm cool like dat
I'm cool like dat
I'm cool like dat
I'm cool like dat
I'm cool

We be the chocolates taps on my raps
She innovates at the sweeter cat naps
He at the funk club with the vibrate
Them they be crazy down with the five Nat'
It can kick a plan then a crowd burst
Me I be digging it with a bump verse
Us we be freaking til dawn blinks an eye
He gives the strangest smile so I say hi (wassup)
Who understood, yeah understood the plans
Him heard a beat and put it to his hands
What I just flip let borders get loose
How to consume or they'll be just like juice
If it's the shit we'll lift it off the plastic
The babes'll go spastic, Hip hop gains a classic
Pimp playing shock it don't matter I'm fatter
Ask Butta how I zone (man, Cleopatra Jones)
And
I'm chill like dat
I'm chill like dat
I'm chill like dat
I'm chill like dat
I'm chill like dat
I'm chill like dat
I'm chill like dat
I'm chill

Blink..blink..blink..blink..blink..blink..blink....
Think..think..think..think..think..think..think...

We getcha free cause the clips be fat boss
Them they're the jams and commence to going off
She sweats the beat and ask me cause she puffed it
Me I got crew kids seven and a crescent
Us cause a buzz when the nickel bags are dealt
Him, that's my man with the asteroid belt
They catch a fizz from the Mr. Doodle-big
He rocks a tee from the Crooklyn nine-pigs
The rebirth of slick like my gangsta stroll
The lyrics just like loot come in stacks and rolls
You used to find a Bug in a box with fade
Now he boogies up your stage plaits twist or braids
And
I'm peace like dat
I'm peace like dat
I'm peace like dat
I'm peace like dat
I'm peace like dat
I'm peace like dat
I'm peace like dat
I'm peace

Check it out man I groove like dat
I'm smooth like dat
I jive like dat
I roll like dat

Yeah I'm thick like dat
I stack like dat
I'm down like dat
I'm black like dat

Well yo I funk like dat
I'm phat like dat
I'm in like dat
Cause I swing like dat

We jazz like dat
We freak like dat
We zoom like dat
We out, we out...Ona szpile, diamenty, ja t-shirty XL-ki
Dwa promile, trzy skręty, Mercedesy i felgi
Ona pije cranberry, roleksy, smile, wisienki
Ja tequile i brandy, jesteś trzeźwy klub jest zamknięty
My w cierpie, ty w kolejce
My chwilę wcześniej przez tylne wejście
Weź pensję, bo drink po dwieście
Gamoń ma pretensje o przejście
Panny chcą mieć zdjęcie na fejsie (uh)
Z holu idziemy do baru, ja chcę alkoholu, a ona towaru
I chyba za dużo wypiłem wywaru
Jeśli chcesz się głupio przyjebać, to w paru
Bo ona ma kastet na ręce dla funu
A portfele z hajsem idą do podziału
Ja robię to zawsze, a ona dla szpanu
Dziś nie ogarniasz, więc skumaj nazajutrz (uh)
To balanga, a nie w Alpach kurort
Obok mnie mam wafla z dziunią
Ona w drinku kwasa z wódą
Zestawy te gwarantują party razem z awanturą

Bawię się jak, bawię się jak, bawię się jak Mick Jagger
Bawię się jak, bawię się jak, bawię się jak Mick Jagger
Z nią jadę, (uh) bawię się jak Mick Jagger

Nasz życiorys ma przerwę, gram DMT do jointa
Tace chyba są srebrne, żyrandole ze złota (uh-huh!)
Hajsy lecą przez serwer, ona na Bahama ma konta
Ja mam wózek z tylnym napędem, ona wciska gaz, to M5-ka
Nasz życiorys ma przerwę, gram DMT do jointa (taa!)
Tace chyba są srebrne (woo), żyrandole ze złota (yo!)
Hajsy lecą przez serwer, ona na Bahama ma konta
Ja mam wózek z tylnym napędem, ona wciska gaz, to M5-ka

Płyniemy, niepotrzebny ponton
Ja biorę z kurczakiem wonton
Ty przyglądasz się jej szortom, ona ci hakuje konto
Na prywatnym tańcu w go-go rzuca dupom hajs jak sponsor
Walę z bazy, a nie słomką, przed szamą piję Blue, a Gold po
Nie mamy banknotów, więc nie możemy policzyć
Nie mamy transportu więc możemy pożyczyć
Zaparkowałeś tu obok? To cię może dziś dotyczyć
Na szczekaczce coś o zasadzce
W tej gadce imiona, chyba to jest o nas
Tysiąc kilo-gramów chyba to jest tona
We wstecznym auto na bombach, chyba to jest po nas
Wczoraj szukałem żony, chyba to jest ona
Ty spacerem, a my na skwerek po Pana-merę
Mamy aferę, ona na trzech, ja na czterech
Jest wanna pereł, jest szampan, kelner i trwa proceder

Bawię się jak, bawię się jak, bawię się jak Mick Jagger
Bawię się jak, bawię się jak, bawię się jak Mick Jagger
Z nią jadę, (uh) bawię się jak Mick Jagger

Nasz życiorys mam przerwę, gram DMT do jointa
Tace chyba są srebrne, żyrandole ze złota (uh-huh!)
Hajsy lecą przez serwer, ona na Bahama ma konta
Ja mam wózek z tylnym napędem, ona wciska gaz, to M5-ka
Nasz życiorys ma przerwę, gram DMT do jointa (taa!)
Tace chyba są srebrne (woo), żyrandole ze złota (yo!)
Hajsy lecą przez serwer, ona na Bahama ma konta
Ja mam wózek z tylnym napędem, ona wciska gaz, to M5-kaTęsknię za Tokio świecącym jak neon
Za Tel Awiwem białym jak welon
Za Nowym Jorkiem deszczowym jak...
W sumie wróciłem dopiero
Za brudną Antananarywą
Choć chcieli oszukać nas na paliwo
Tęsknię za pizzą w Weronie i Pizą
I na pewno wiesz czemu tęsknię za Rygą
Za nocnym Santiago i Limą
Za jazdą na stopa pustynią
W tamtej Toyocie tęskniłem za klimą
Ten silnik był głośny jak dziewczyny z Rio
Za jazdą skuterem przez Wietnam
Tą pierdoloną zatłoczoną drogą
W każdym z tych miejsc zabawa była świetna
Ale jeszcze bardziej...

Tęskniłem za Tobą, nie kłamię jak zły
Że dałbym się pociąć, ale przyjmę kulkę w moim bubble tea
Tęskniłem za Tobą, nostalgia to błysk
Do którego nocą latają ochoczo takie ćmy jak my

Tęsknię za stertą rozrzuconych koszul
Za rapowaniem do utraty głosu
Spaniem do piątej, graniem od piątej
I za beztroskim oglądaniem pornosów
Tęsknię za zamkiem, freestyle'em na błoniu
Za jointem na klatce, uciekaniem z domu
Może mniej za tym jak portfel był pusty
Musiałem się napocić tak jak Bruce Lee
Za Placem Kościuszki sprzedawaniem gazet
Za pierwszą gażą odebraną w ZPAVie
Za derbami w Mławie, łyżką cukru w kawie
Za Ciechanem w pubie
Za węglowodanami i plackami z Hita
Wtedy nikt z nas jeszcze nie żył jak robot
Tęsknię do tego gówniarskiego życia
Ale chyba jednak wolę to na zdrowo

Tęskniłem za Tobą, nie kłamię jak zły
Że dałbym się pociąć, ale przyjmę kulkę w moim bubble tea
Tęskniłem za Tobą, nostalgia to błysk
Do którego nocą latają ochoczo takie ćmy jak my

Za Smarki Smarkiem, no bo młoda foka
Musiała mi się kiedyś znudzić w końcu
Tęsknię za poprzednim logo Reeboka
Nowe wygląda jak dla crossfitowców
Tęsknię też za Ligą Plus bo bez Smoka
Ten program już nie wygląda tak samo
Za szóstą odsłoną Pro Evo Soccer
Jezu, ale tam strzelałem Adriano
Za głową pomalowaną na biało
Do tego w sumie zawsze mogę wrócić
Za podzielonym na cztery ekranem i graniem w te survivale Call of Duty
Tęsknię za quattro formaggi z Diavolo
Sentymenty mnie nigdy nie opuszczą
Rozlewałem wtedy sosy jak Pollock i słuchałem bitów z crunkową perkusją

Gdybym miał strzelać w niebo zawsze gdy zaczynam tęsknić
To posłałbym tam w górę więcej kulek im niż Nesquik
Po moim mieście snuję się jak zakochany Szekspir

Tęskniłem za Tobą, nie kłamię jak zły
Że dałbym się pociąć, ale przyjmę kulkę w moim bubble tea
Tęskniłem za Tobą, nostalgia to błysk
Do którego nocą latają ochoczo takie ćmy jak my
Takie ćmy jak my
Takie ćmy jak my
Takie ćmy jak my
Takie ćmy jak my
Takie ćmy jak my
Takie ćmy jak my
Takie ćmy jak my
Takie ćmy jak myOna ciągnie fiuta, ja tu z ziomem robię boom bap
Łyżwy miałem już na butach, gdy robili cię na drutach, kurwa!
Na drutach, kurwa, gdy robili cię na drutach, kurwa
Na drutach, kurwa, gdy zrobili cię na drutach, kurwa
Chillwagon

Tańczę jak małpa, kiedy gramy koncert, ayy, ayy
Tańczę przed lustrem i podniecam twoją siostrę
Ostro ciągnie ciebie melanż, jesteś ujebany, oh-oh
Moje ziomy są po waxie albo po jointcie
Oh, oh, oh, oh, albo po jointcie
Oh, oh, oh, oh, albo po jointcie
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, albo po jointcie
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

Czego sam się dorobiłeś? A co kupił tata tu?
To jest dżungla, w której goryle nie lubią bananów
Wchodzę z drinem lub wypiłem
Jointa miałem, jointa nie mam
Dwie kurwy przy barze lecą w ślinę jakby jadły kebab, ayy
Dawaj to bongo, grzej i nabijaj na nowo
Pijany śpiewam "Lecę, bo chcę" albo "Chcemy być sobą"
W twoich oczach Déjà ve, w moich oczach nie ma łez
Przy czym w żyłach już niewiele krwi zostało w THC mi

Tańcz z nami, jak małpa
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa, ayy
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa, ayy
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa, oh
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa, ayy
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa, ayy
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa, oh
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

Ayy, teraz skaczesz jak małpa
Mam dresik w Królika Bugsa
Teraz to dopiero będzie jazda
Mam na nogach Vapo, a ze sobą waporyzator
Tłumy rejestruję jak rejestrator
U nas na koncercie, nie u ciebie, szmato, jak małpa
Nie daje się schwytać przez policjanta
Mam jeszcze do skręcenia blanta, do wydania kilka kafla
Chillwagon - najlepszy wodzirej, każdy w klubie jest świrem
Gasiłeś balet, jestem Alladynem
Trzymaj się byku, zawijasz tą świnię

Nucisz teraz Chillwagona (Ha)
Przy niej łapiesz chętkę na gibona, więc palisz go
A z tobą pali ona, znacie moje teksty no i teksty zioma
Ja tańczę sobie jak małpa (Małpa), patrzysz się jak na świra (Świra)
Tak sobie tańczy ZetHa z Bocianka, tak sobie tańczy Borys z Radlina (A ty)

Tańcz z nami, jak małpa
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa, ayy
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa, ayy
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa, oh
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh (Eh, ayy)

Skacz z nami jak Jumpstyle (Jumpstyle), lecimy na Marsa (Marsa)
Żabson Buzz Astral (Astral), znam się na zabawkach
Chillwagon tańczy crip walk, tańczę, nie nagrywam TikTok
Tańczę (Ah), śpiewam, zapierdalam, zawsze mordo (Ohhh) robię hip-hop, yeah!
Po koncercie w bistro zjem, yeah
A na scenie destroy jest, yeah
Pół składu pije czystą, więcej
Ja odleciałem z piksą gdzieś
Ta twoja obecna miłość, to jest moją przyszłą dziwką
Biję ją po ryju pałą, jak jakiś Fred Flintston, ayy

Tańcz z nami, jak małpa
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa, ayy
(Jak jakiś Fred Flintston, ayy)
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa, ayy
(Jak jakiś Fred Flintston, ayy)
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa, oh
(No, bo, jestem przystojny)
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
(To jest koniec historii)
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa, ayy
(To jest zoo, skurwysynu; ten świat)
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa, ayy
(To planeta małp)
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa
Tańcz z nami, jak małpa, oh
(Dlatego właśnie teraz)
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
(Tańcz z nami, jak małpa!)Nowa wiza, chociaż nadal nie mam w banku kart
Obok leży moja Frida, którą męczy świat
Kiedyś Sokół tu przewidział ile będę wart
Teraz słońce świeci tylko dla mnie jak...
Kropla wina na pościeli, znowu męczy kac
Szukam jutra, ale wczoraj znowu dręczy w snach
Nawet Tytus nie przewidział ile będę wart
Nie, nie

Zanim założyłem label tak jak Wojtek - Prosto
To pod łóżkiem miałem CKMa z Wojciechowską
Może przez to właśnie przeleciałem cały świat
By zrozumieć, że mam w głowie kosmos
Ty ją znowu tracisz dla mnie, jestem Brad Pitt w Siedem
Siedzę i przeglądam story od Natalii Szroeder
Szukam kogoś, kto moją duszę nakarmi śpiewem
Ale przestańmy walczyć na tym messengerze
Myślę w co się ubierzesz, gdzie wyjdziesz
Myślę o tym, żeby być gdzie indziej
Wsiadam już w ten samolot jak w windę
Moja głowa paruje jak Tinder

Nowa wiza, chociaż nadal nie mam w banku kart
Obok leży moja Frida, którą męczy świat
Kiedyś Sokół tu przewidział ile będę wart
Teraz słońce świeci tylko dla mnie jak...
Kropla wina na pościeli, znowu męczy kac
Szukam jutra, ale wczoraj znowu dręczy w snach
Nawet Tytus nie przewidział ile będę wart
Nie, nie

Mam awizo, znowu pocztą przyszła nowa Visa
Taco Corp. to firma, zawsze chciałem to napisać
Znowu mnie obserwują hordy, jestem Mona Lisa
Byłem w Vogue, gdzie ten pałac jak pieprzona Piza?
Autografy, w sumie zawsze mam na dłoniach pisak
Jestem graczem, te dzieciaki mówią "co tam, Izak?"
Teraz nie lubisz, ale buja Ci się głowa i tak
A na koncertach u nas tłumy jak sobota w Lidlach, uh
Nie poznałem już dawno nikogo
Moje wyjścia już rzadko wychodzą
Moje ruchy niewidzialne jak znajomi z korpo
Już nie wrócą czasy, gdy żyłem anonimowo
TACONAFIDE to jeszcze pogorszy
Idę przez miasto, wzrok ukryty, a wszędzie widzę te oczy
Jedna prośba, nie pokazuj mnie palcem, no proszę
Fifi jak świeże powietrze, coraz rzadziej na dworze

Nowa wiza—
Nowa wiza—
Nowa wiza—
Nowa wiza—

Nowa wiza, chociaż nadal nie mam w banku kart
Obok leży moja Frida, którą męczy świat
Kiedyś Sokół tu przewidział ile będę wart
Teraz słońce świeci tylko dla mnie jak...
Kropla wina na pościeli, znowu męczy kac
Szukam jutra, ale wczoraj znowu dręczy w snach
Nawet Tytus nie przewidział ile będę wart
Nie, nie

Siedem lat bez jointa w dłoni, teraz śpiew na haju
Siedem lat bez jointa w dłoni, teraz czuję haj
Kiedy umrę Bóg zapyta mnie, "jak było w raju?"
Kiedy umrę Bóg zapyta mnie "jaki był raj?"

Nowa wiza, chociaż nadal nie mam w banku kart
Obok leży moja Frida, którą męczy świat
Kiedyś Sokół tu przewidział ile będę wart
Teraz słońce świeci tylko dla mnie jak...
Kropla wina na pościeli, znowu męczy kac
Szukam jutra, ale wczoraj znowu dręczy w snach
Nawet Tytus nie przewidział ile będę wart
Nie, nieLe premier chagrin du jour, han, le premier chagrin du jour
C'est la porte qui se ferme, ça va mal dès qu'j'me lève, 92, La Caravelle
Le premier chagrin du jour, Guizmo, L'Entourage, pour les miens et tous les autres
C'est la porte qui se ferme, qui savent c'que c'est
J'fais pas l'mytho, parfois j'picole, le premier chagrin du jour
Ouais, j'fais pas l'mytho, parfois j'picole, c'est la porte qui se ferme
Et tu sais c'que c'est

J'fais pas l'mytho, parfois j'picole pour oublier et pour roupiller, c'est Tétra-Hydro-Cannabinol
Je vois des couples se bâtir, se désirer puis se déchirer, j'en vois qui souffrent le martyr
J'ai décidé d'éviter tout ce que j'admire car on m'le f'ra payer le jour de partir
Qu'il est fou ce regard triste, abîmé par la vie, chagriné par la tise, chaque jour, attiré par la street
On a les crocs dans ma ville parce qu'on est trop dans la mouise
À Villeneuve, les rimes pleuvent, on a du flow en cabine, putain, j'ai besoin de fric
Et ouais ça pue la merde mais quand j'ai bu la bière, j'me bute la tête avec mes deux joints d'shit
Ce mode de vie me tue, les potes de rue me suivent
Les porcs, je pisse dessus, j'm'efforce de vivre ici et fuck les p'tites tes-pu
Et j'donne des rimes de brutes, elles sont tabous, les potes méditent dessus chaque jour et boxent les fils de putes

Le premier chagrin du jour, le premier chagrin du jour, cousin
C'est la porte qui se ferme,  infernal, j'connais ça ouais
Le premier chagrin du jour, c'est la porte qui se ferme
C'est la porte qui se ferme, check

Cousin, j'ai trop maigri j'm'assassine le foie, j'ai un gros débit j'm'aplatis le crane, mec il faut qu'j'réduise
Les bimbos sexy savent pas si je brasse, pas facile de m'voir, qu'à part si j'me crashe, elles sont possessives
Banalise le hasch', dans l'ghetto, j'effrite un cannabis de barge, dans l'rétro des flics, j'analyse le rap
Et c'en est trop, j'hésite m'avachir ce soir autour d'un spliff et un verre
Kicker un diéz' Guizmo juste un beat et un frère
Et j'ai mille et un textes, là j'vais tiser un verre puis j'me taperai une p'tite pute avec un dîner infect
Et griller un pét' pour oublier qu'je souffre hardcore, c'est tout c'que j'adore, sans ça j'mène un blues de rat mort
Et griller un pét' pour oublier qu'je souffre hardcore, c'est tout c'que j'adore, sans ça j'mène un blues de rat mort

Le premier chagrin du jour, le premier chagrin du jour, cousin
C'est la porte qui se ferme,  infernal, j'connais ça ouais
Le premier chagrin du jour, c'est la porte qui se ferme
C'est la porte qui se ferme, check
Le premier chagrin du jour, c'est la porte qui se ferme
C'est la porte qui se ferme, c'est pour les miens et tous les autres
Le premier chagrin du jour, mes sales manies, c'est trop malsain
C'est la porte qui se ferme, ouais, mes sales manies, c'est trop malsain

92, La Caravelle, Zone Sensible, blehWelcome to the cum zone
Only cum inside anime girls
Quivering clit, double jointed pussy
Fresh balls, elegant ejaculation
First the kiss, then the cum
My dick is in love with pain
Co-op cock torture
Stuff my dick into a furnace
Stitch my cock shut
Pressure cook my greasy balls
Cumblast me and make it snappy
Cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum
Cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum
Cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum
Cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum
What's all the cummotion?
My dad fell into a cum shaft
My dad glazed my face with cum
Fertilize a baby with hunk spunk
Cum spunk in my trunk
Cum craving toddler
Cum drippin' cunt
Cummy Rae Jepsen
Cum me maybe
Cummy bottom boy
Night of the living cum
Nefarious cum mastermind
Cum makes me fearless
Cum crammer, cock slammer
Cum slammed ya mum
Mail your mums pieces of my dick
Bazinga!
Chug the cum, fug ya mum
Fuck my asshole full of cum
Three little words
Get fucked, nerd
Cum stuffer, jenkem huffer
Fuck my cum puddle
Bottom stuffer, semen huffer
Would love a gator to fuck me
Undercooked baby pig penises
Help my dogs get a huge boner
Water bong full of cat cum
Accidentally fucked my own ass
I barely had any dicks inside me
Who ate all my cum? A mystery
Cum detective hot on the trail
Bees make honey, I make cummyNapój pełen aspartamu, strasznie mi się chciało pić
Z tobą czuje się jak w raju, jest jak miało być
(śmiech) Znowu nie wiem, co to miało być
To jakaś przesada pieprzona

Lalalalalalala
Robię w mikrofali popcorn na słodko
Moim jointom dokucza samotność, chodź, chodź
Zanim telewizor mi wyłączą, odkąd
Mam kanapę no i koc, to możesz się rozsiąść na nich

Puszczę ci Lanę, Coldplay, jazz, to co chcesz
Pająk wpadł we własną sieć, ayo muszę cię mieć
Pijesz Aperol, a ja whisky
Żadnych gierek, chyba że pokerek albo Dixit
Żelki anyżowe no i bananowe chipsy
Jointy wirujące tak jak frisbee

Napój bez kalorii, pełen aspartamu
Trochę melancholii, ale nigdy więcej żalu
Jestem na haju z nią
Jestem na haju
Napój bez kalorii, pełen aspartamu
Chwile bez powtórek, sędzia nie dyktuje VARu
Mamy czerwone źrenice jak ulice Amsterdamu
Jestem na haju

Narkotyk miękki jak sofa
Mam czerwone gały, no bo wpadłaś mi do oka
A że miłość raczej ślepa jest jak ja
Zostań chociaż chwilę na
Netflix chill, HBO and bone, albo serio film
Jak chcesz może być nawet Fox albo BBC
Proszę mów, kilka słodkich słów, kilka słodkich chwil
Wszystko tu oprócz twoich ust, będzie sugar free
Przecież pasujemy do siebie jak nie wiem dziewczyno peanut butterjelly
Jak dom i wakacje, pizza z ananaskiem albo te solone pistacje w Nutelli
Znowu na kolacje jemy na kanapie te same co wczoraj płatki śniadaniowe
Przepraszam, że nie umiem w ładne melodie, zamknąłem cię w klatce piersiowej

Napój bez kalorii, pełen aspartamu
Trochę melancholii ale nigdy więcej żalu
Jestem na haju z nią
Jestem na haju
Napój bez kalorii, pełen aspartamu
Chwile bez powtórek, sędzia nie dyktuje VARu
Mamy czerwone źrenice jak ulice Amsterdamu
Jestem na haju (Lalalalalalala)Turn the lights all the
Turn the lights all the way down
What, uh-huh yeah
(Uhh)
Come on (GGRRRRRR)
Come on yeah come on

Yo, yo
J-A-Y, I flow sick
Fuck all y'all haters, blow dick
I spits the game for those that throw bricks
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, chicks
Sex, murder and mayhem - romance for the street
Only wife of mines is a life of crime
And since, life's a bitch in mini-skirts and big chests
How can I not flirt with death?
That's life's enigma, long as life's within us
We gon' sin a lot and pray that Christ forgive us
Fuck it!
Ice the wrist and raise the price on these niggas
Y'all can't floss on my level
I'll invite you all to get with us if your ball is glitter
When I go all the Harlem playas wall my picture
If you get close enough, you can read the scripture
It reads: money, cash, hoes, how real was that nigga? What!

Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes (what!)
Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes (uhh!)
Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes (c'mon)
Money cash hoes (WHAT!), hoes (WHAT!), hoes (WHAT!)
Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes (what!)
Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes (uhh!)
Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes (c'mon)
Money cash hoes (WHAT!), hoes (WHAT!), hoes (WHAT!)

Flavors robust, platinum and gold touch
Yeah I rap now, fast money done slowed up
Niggas try to stop Jay-Z to no luck
Roc-A-Fella forever, CEO, what! (what?)
Us the villains? Fuck your feelings
While y'all playa hate we in the upper millions
What's the dealings? (huh) It's like New York's been soft
Ever since Snoop came through and crushed the buildings
I'm trying to restore the feelings; fuck the law, keep dealing
More money, more cash, more chilling
I know they gon' criticize the hook on this song
Like I give a fuck...I'm just a crook on this song
Bed-Stuy Brook-Nam took on the world
Shit, I led a life you can write a book on
Sex, murder and mayhem, romance for the street
Man, and I tell ya, it'll be the best-seller, what!

Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes (what!)
Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes (uhh!)
Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes (c'mon)
Money cash hoes (WHAT!), hoes (WHAT!), hoes (WHAT!)
Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes (what!)
Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes (uhh!)
Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes (c'mon)
Money cash hoes (WHAT!), hoes (WHAT!), hoes (WHAT!)

D-M-X and my dogs bite
Jigga, my nigga, rhyme all night
Thugs for life, one night with this rap shit
Let 'em go and I bet they know what'll happen
When we clap shit
Acting like we owe 'em something
Then we show 'em something
Talking greasy, I think they found 'em down the road or something (Wooh) Fucking with a mad man in a bad mood
Is like fucking with a mad dog that wasn't fed food
And the only thing that's stopping him is you (WHAT!)
So the only thing that he'll be dropping is you (WHAT!)
Chopping in two (COME ON!)
Then he drop it to Clue, and the response from the street:
This is one dog that loves raw meat (woo!)
But getting back to, just 'cause I, love my niggas
I shed blood, for my niggas
Let a nigga holla, "where my niggas?"
All I'ma hear is "right here my nigga!"

Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes (what!)
Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes (uhh!)
Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes (c'mon)
Money cash hoes (WHAT!), hoes (WHAT!), hoes (WHAT!)
Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes (what!)
Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes (uhh!)
Money, cash, hoes, money-cash-hoes (c'mon)
Money cash hoes (WHAT!), hoes (WHAT!), hoes (WHAT!)

Roc-A-Fella shit
Uh huh uh huh, Ruff Ryders
Pa-pause
My nigga Swizz
Uh huh, uh huh
Don't stop, beatch
Uh, uh huh, yeah
Respect the game yo

Okay okay okay, so now the guy's working for Jay-Z
Making hot songs
But any type of trouble he gets in, he runs to Jay-Z
Trouble with the label, he calls Jay-Z
But he still has to come up with Jay-Z's money every week no matter what
Not selling any records, fuck you pay me
Oh you want me in your video, fuck you pay me
No one's coming to your shows huh, fuck you pay me
And then what do you do when you can't borrow another dollar from the label?
You can't sell any singles in the stores?
You light a match....you blow the joint *explosion*I guess you wonder where I've been
I searched to find the love within
I came back to let you know
Got a thing for you and I can't let go
My friends wonder what is wrong with me
But I'm in a daze from your love, you see
I came back to let you know

This bitch got me feeling psycho
Living on a tight rope
Got me going down, down, down
Deeper down the rabbit hole
Guess I never had to go
Oh, so my love ain't enough

Yeah, you should've kept the love that I gave you
You passed on a top notch ride for a motha' fukkin' Prelude
I came through, tryna' save you but I can't do what God can't
So I bargained with the Devil
Tryna' argue my point
We in room 420
And you rolling up joints
Still at the dirty hotel
You still call it to trap
And you climbed on top
I still got you back to back
In the back of my Nissan
Fuck that dude who ran up tryna' be on you
Got you in my car with my beats on move
To the back seat, let me change your mood
Too many questions, what, where, when, who

This bitch got me feeling psycho
Living on a tight rope
Got me going down, down, down
Deeper down the rabbit hole
Guess I never had to go
Oh, so my love ain't enough
This bitch got me feeling psycho
Living on a tight rope
Got me going down, down, down
Deeper down the rabbit hole
Guess I never had to go
Oh, so my love ain't enough

Yeah, everybody that was close to me
They could feel the distance
I fell in love with a girl
Cause she filled what was missing
And I tried to fill you up
I tried to fill you up
Tried to fill you up
You're so empty
But your potential tempt me
To dive in to your ocean, let me swim
Just don't let me drown (drown)
Just don't let me drown, drown, drown

This bitch got me feeling psycho
Living on a tight rope
Got me going down, down, down
Deeper down the rabbit hole
Guess I never had to go
Oh, so my love ain't enough
This bitch got me feeling psycho
Living on a tight rope
Got me going down, down, down
Deeper down the rabbit hole
Guess I never had to go
Oh, so my love ain't enough

This bitch got me feeling psycho, psycho, psycho, psycho, psycho, psycho, psycho, psycho, psycho, psycho, psycho, psycho, psycho, psycho, psycho, psycho, psycho, psycho, psycho, psychoAyo, you ready?
Let's do it

I'm the definition of "half man, half drugs"
Ask the clubs, Bad Boy, that's wussup
After bucks, crush crews after us
No games, we ain't laughing much
Nothing but big things, check the hit list
How we twist shit, what changed but the name?
We still here, you rockin' with the best
Don't worry if I write rhymes, I write checks (Ha!)
Who's the boss? Dudes is lost
Don't think cause I'm iced out, I'mma cool off
Who else but me? And if you don't feel me
That mean you can't touch me, it's ugly, trust me
Get it right, dawg, we ain't ever left
We just moved in silence and repped to the death
It's official, I survive what I been through
Y'all got trauma, the saga continues

We ain't goin' nowhere, we ain't goin' nowhere
We can't be stopped now, cos it's Bad Boy for life
We ain't goin' nowhere, we ain't goin' nowhere
We can't be stopped now, cos it's Bad Boy for life

Hey yo straight from the Harlem streets
I don't play, I push it down with the Harlem Heat
All a sudden niggas got a problem wit me
They run around actin like the Black-o can't eat
And you know what? For some strange reason
I'm off of this medication, feeling deranged needing
For y'all to put the word out, we ain't leavin'
We trying to be rich before we all stop breathing
Therefore we kinda hustle lames
Stay laying down our muscle games
Still turn niggas dreams to flames, you got the wire
If not I ain't sayin no names; you'll soon expire
No pain, nothing, I feel remorse
Yes of course it's me and Diddy up first racing Porsches
With the big twin valve exhausts
On the cover of your Vibes, XXLs, and Sources, bitch

We ain't goin' nowhere, we ain't goin' nowhere
We can't be stopped now, cos it's Bad Boy for life
We ain't goin' nowhere, we ain't goin' nowhere
We can't be stopped now, cos it's Bad Boy for life

It ain't shit changed, since the Notorious (we miss you Big)
See everything still glorious
We still got warriors, still be the victorious
See it's a lot of them, but it's more of us
Still got cash to blow, raps to flow
Still them cats that know, pack yo' flow
That's fo' sho', bottles that pop, joints that rock
Played the background, hand on my jock, holdin' my Glock
Money to get, cars to flip
Bars to sit at and sip Cognac wit jewels that drip
Hoes to see, make sure they knowin' it's me
Drop that beat, can't believe that I MC
Bad boy 'til the casket drop, gotta love it
Place nothing above it, it's on like that
Don't believe, we ain't gone like that
We're always gonna be here
We there every motherfucking year!

We ain't goin' nowhere, we ain't goin' nowhere
We can't be stopped now, cos it's Bad Boy for life
We ain't goin' nowhere, we ain't goin' nowhere
We can't be stopped now, cos it's Bad Boy for life
We ain't goin' nowhere, we ain't goin' nowhere
We can't be stopped now, cos it's Bad Boy for life
We ain't goin' nowhere, we ain't goin' nowhere
We can't be stopped now, cos it's Bad Boy for life

We ain't goin' nowhere, we ain't goin' nowhere
We can't be stopped now, cos it's Bad Boy for lifeWjeżdżam jak Pekin, jakbym wyjebał cały towar z apteki
Dzisiaj mam oczy jak Jackie
Sklejam powieki jak szczęki rekin, wybucha konfetti
Wyjebie ostatni grosz, żeby wyglądać znowu jak skos, pali się josh
Nowa muzyka to leki, jaramy coś, gramy w chińczyka za sos

Mam chinese eyes chinese eyes ciężkie powieki
Panienki ustawiają mnie na tapety
Zasłynąłem z tego, że jaram se pety
Za grzechy mnie cenią  więc jak się nie cieszyć mam
Jak Charizard, Charizard
Ogień mam przy sobie kiedy lufe sobie nabijam
Potem pale lole i tak całe dnie i to mi gra
Problemy pierdole jak pojawią się to pomijam
Wchodzę na kluby dupy robią "Uuuu"
Jakby chciał z którąś to powie mi "Ajjj"
Lecz Reto nie zauważa tych dup
Oczy mam jakby je chińczyk mi dał
A drobne rączki chcą łapać za chuj
Patrzę się krzywo bo zniszczył mnie skun
Ja pieprzę mam jazz ten i nie chcę żeby ktoś przerywał
To co dzieje mi się we łbie

I ty wiedz że przed koncertem
Lubię jeszcze spalić coś
Sajgon we łbie kiedy wreszcie
Za mnie refren leci ktoś
Wtedy czuje się jak Cobain
Choć po twarzy Miyagi
Pierdolnijcie mi na grobie
"Marzył grubo i tak żył"
I ty wiedz że przed koncertem
Lubię jeszcze spalić coś
Sajgon we łbie kiedy wreszcie
Za mnie refren leci ktoś
Wtedy czuje się jak Cobain
Choć po twarzy Miyagi
Pierdolnijcie mi na grobie
"Marzył grubo i tak żył"

Nie wiem, który już raz wchodzę tu do tej rzeki
Smaży się gibon jak stek
Proszę o well done i dzięki, płyniemy na drugi brzeg
Zakręcam go mocno jak weck
I chodź piecze mnie w płuca jak chili
Za niego zrobię sobie harakiri
Szukam go, szukam go nawet przez Siri
Jak znajdę, to spłonie tu dziś w jednej chwili
I znów płonie, tu płonie tu kolejny buddy
Chodź temat jest stary, jest stary jak świat
Wypalamy, co mamy, unosi się czad
Zawijamy się stąd i mówimy papa
I niejednej świeczki jest warta ta gra
My jaramy do spodu tak jak piją do dna
Najebany jointami mam oczy jak skos
Pali się, pali się dżosz

I ty wiedz że, po koncercie
Lubię spalić jeszcze coś
Sajgon we łbie
Gdy o zdjęcie prosi wtedy jakiś gość
Wtedy znikam stąd jak Harry
Wszyscy myślą że to czary
A ja w furze już z ziomkami
Podpalamy właśnie coś
I ty wiedz że, po koncercie
Lubię spalić jeszcze coś
Sajgon we łbie
Gdy o zdjęcie prosi wtedy jakiś gość
Wtedy znikam stąd jak Harry
Wszyscy myślą że to czary
A ja w furze już z ziomkami
Podpalamy właśnie cośJ'suis fier comme l'Algeria, comme dit Mustapha "fiha khir"
J'suis fou comme à Beriz', billets trop verts dans la valise
J'ai ma bande, et ma bande c'est mon sang O.P. pour t'la mettre
Et si j'bande, c'est pas ma faute, tous les arabes bougent la tête
Eh, eh peace, joyeux quand on tize, carré dans nos buis'
Que des dix, j'finis l'joint et l'cheese, hrach ou ch'veux lisses (comme McCann)
Le mental gainé, ouais, le cœur gainé
Et attends, j'finis en TT, parce qu'elle veut té' hum
Dès maintenant, monte le son et stream et même si t'es chim ou t'es maton
Nous, on n'est pas un dream ouais le son est green et l'maton, j'fumais devant son zen', j'criais "Libertà"
Ma tata, counia manmanw à tous les chmeta', (Alalah)
Fini d'jouer les cons, j'leurs mets des p'tits ponts
Si t'es Z', Tarte' zoo, DZ, igo tous des zemels
Dans l'action, j'leur déploie mes ailes, j'prie et j'finis seul
Dans ma fons', j'nique tout sur la scène et je fais bander la Serie A

Tahia, tahia PNL
Tahia, tahia Djazaïr
Tahia, tahia PNL
Tahia, tahia Djazaïr
Tahia, tahia PNL
Tahia, tahia Djazaïr
Tahia, tahia PNL
Tahia, tahia Djazaïr

Hé, j'fais le tour d'Alger avec AD'
Ça fait longtemps qu'on n'était pas passé
Sur le terrain on était bloqué
À détailler, et à tirer
C'putain d'game français, sans jamais sucer
Normal ça vient du ZT, nous, c'est money, money
J'fais l'tour de la ville avec Yaya
Après les showcases, c'est Rebenga
Fais fumer sur ta Jamaïca
Nous, c'est n'da, et ta-ta-ta
J'lui fais faire un tour d'cane-bé
Elle s'accroche à mon cœur ma liberté
Que la mif', c'est Tarterêts
C'est Alger, un peu trop corsé

Tahia, tahia PNL
Tahia, tahia Djazaïr
Tahia, tahia PNL
Tahia, tahia Djazaïr
Tahia, tahia PNL
Tahia, tahia Djazaïr
Tahia, tahia PNL
Tahia, tahia DjazaïrI fill my eyes with kerosene
Let it all burn, let it all burn
All of Russia is watching me
Let it all burn, let it all burn
I fill my eyes with kerosene
Let it all burn, let it all burn
All of Russia is watching me
Let it all burn, let it all burn

Now I'm prepared for anything at all
I've already spent my time in the internet jail
I'm going out in the street to play with my cat
But the cop car runs the cat over
I'm going through the city wearing my black hoodie
It's cold as usual and people aren't happy
Nothing awaits me ahead
But I'm waiting for you, one day you'll find me

With gold chains on my neck, I'm sinking in this swamp
My blood is purer than the purest drugs
You'll be subdued by police with others on the square
While I'll be rolling joints in my brand new house

I fill my eyes with kerosene
Let it all burn, let it all burn
All of Russia is watching me
Let it all burn, let it all burn
I fill my eyes with kerosene
Let it all burn, let it all burn
All of Russia is watching me
Let it all burn, let it all burn

Now I'm prepared for anything at all
I've already spent my time in the internet jail
I'm going out in the street to play with my cat
But the cop car runs the cat over
I'm going through the city wearing my black hoodie
It's cold as usual and people aren't happy
Nothing awaits me ahead
But I'm waiting for you, one day you'll find me

Death no more
Death no more
Death no more
Death no more

With gold chains on my neck, I'm sinking in this swamp
My blood is purer than the purest drugs
You'll be subdued by police with others on the square
While I'll be rolling joints in my brand new house
With gold chains on my neck, I'm sinking in this swamp
My blood is purer than the purest drugs
You'll be subdued by police with others on the square
While I'll be rolling joints in my brand new house

Death no more
Death no more
Death no more
Death no moreYo

J'aime bien ta voix, j'aime bien comment tu parles
J'aime bien ta voix, j'aime bien quand tu m'appelles
J'aime bien te voir, j'aime bien quand tu m'FaceTime
J'aime bien te voir en vrai
J'aime bien quand tu me regardes dans les yeux (ah yeah)
Ouais, j'aime bien ton p'tit regard malicieux
J'aime bien quand tu te désappes dans mon pieux
J'aime bien quand on est deux, yeah-eah-eah, eh
J'aime bien le bruit qu'tu fais quand j'te caresse
Et je sais qu't'aimes pas trop quand je m'arrête
J'aime bien quand j'tire tes ch'veux, bien dans la raie
J'aime bien tout c'que tu fais-ais-ais
J'aime bien ta bouche sur l'bout d'ma ah-ah-eh
Je sais qu't'aimes bien le goût d'ma ah-ah-eh
Mais tu kiffes quand je, quand je, sur tes ein-ein-eh
Yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah
J'aime bien ta voix, j'aime bien comment tu parles
J'aime bien ta voix, j'aime bien quand tu m'appelles
J'aime bien te voir, j'aime bien quand tu m'FaceTime
J'aime bien te voir en vrai
J'aime bien c'que tu r'présentes, j'fais des efforts
J'aime bien tes seins, tes sses-fe, j'aime bien tes formes
J'aime bien ta face, ta bouche, j'aime bien ton corps
J't'aime bien, eh

J'aime bien écouter c'son quand j'pense à oit, je sais qu't'aimes bien c'que j'fais avec mes oigts-d
Fais ta ie-v, tant qu'après tu m'rejoins, on roule, on baise, on baise, on roule des joints
Déshabille-toi, c'est plus tard la romance, on fait l'amour, après on recommence
Avec toi, c'est fou c'que j'aime le sexe, retourne-toi, met-toi sur le tecs
Tu parles pas nois-ch', tu m'prends jamais la tête, on l'fait sans gêne, on l'fait sans latex
J'aime bien le bruit qu'tu fais quand je te touche, j'aime bien le bruit qu'tu fais quand je te couche
J'aime bien l'matin ou juste après la douche, j'aime quand tu cries avec mes doigts dans ta bouche
J'aime bien t'regarder, j'sais qu'tu simules jamais, j'aime bien quand on finit en simultané

J'aime bien ta voix, j'aime bien comment tu parles
J'aime bien ta voix, j'aime bien quand tu m'appelles
Yeah
Yeah-eahNot a damn thing changed
All the boys that grew up back to back still do the same things
Now they're rewarding our records
But we still do the same things
I'm just spittin' words out my mouth
I made it, I still don't know how
Damn it, my stage show can light up the clouds
Now I'm gonna blow it until I go out
Bring it
Not a damn thing changed
Just the funerals that follow death and some more pain
We're drinking beers and we're lighting up joints in the cold rain
I'm glad I got somewhere to go
I know a few souls without hope
Brother, you know you can call if you're broke
Damn it, I pray you won't reach for that rope

So pour out a shot for me
Keep pouring out the bottle for the real ones I lost
Who can no longer walk with me
For the ones still right here, yeah, for the ones who still care
Yeah, we still feel the same way
Just pushing in the same lane
Tryna sit still, keep looking at the main aim
Always doing me so I have to maintain
Not a damn thing changed, just sticking to the game plan

Not a damn thing changed
Got my team from day one, there's not one I could replace
Staying true to the way I grew up, how we were raised
My boys, they go in and go out
I'm just spittin' words out my mouth
So far away but I still make them proud
Damn it, I hope we all make it somehow
Bring it
Not a damn thing changed
I'm just tryna put feelings into words on this damn page
Some of my friends started leaving this life 'cause they couldn't wait
They know how it feels without hope
I'm glad I got somewhere to go
Stick to my people, that's people I know
They feel the same, we all follow that code

Now pour out a shot for me
Keep pouring out the bottle for the real ones I lost
Who can no longer walk with me
For the ones still right here, yeah, for the ones who still care
Yeah, we still feel the same way
Just pushing in the same lane
Tryna sit still, keep looking at the main aim
Always doing me so I have to maintain
Not a damn thing changed, just sticking to the game plan

Not a damn thing changed
Won't forget where I'm from but for me there's just one way
It's a habit of beating the goals that we once made
I got a few records to break
I know we all got what it takes
The team is the team, same as back in the day
The team is the team, same as back in the day
Not a damn thing changed
If I wanted to turn back, it's already too late
Yeah, we just grew up too quick 'cause we
'Cause we couldn't wait
Pushing in the same lane
Tryna sit still, keep looking at the main aim
Always doing me so I have to maintain
Not a damn thing changed, just sticking to the game planJak się bawić, to chlać. Chcesz oryginał, to płać
W tym łóżku trójka, to max. Nie masz numeru? Daj fax
To kilka dni może trwać, kilka czystych mam taśm
Kilka błękitnych...

To tercet, nie mam szkoły, ale mam coś więcej
Nie mam roboty, ale mam swą pensję
Nie mam ochoty, ale mam tendencję
By mówić: "bardzo chętnie"
Gdy one dwie pytają, czy mam żonę mnie
O co jeszcze, chuj wie, po francusku raczej
Po polsku to może mniej
Dzwoni ziomek, chce wbijać się
Mówię: "moment mordo, chyba nie"
Jednak gdyby jakimś cudem wbiegł
Spytałbym: "na chuj żeś wszedł?"
Pędzę, dać mogliby tlen, sąsiad myśli, że ćwiczymy śpiew
Naćpane panny, pijany męt, jestem fajny po i fajny przed
Ja to przy nich prawie stary zgred już, ledwo łapię słaby dech
Na ścianie zdjęcie mojej ex
Nie mam gum, ale kondom i tak by pękł
Robiłem to jakbym pierwszy raz miał dziś dupę
Gadamy se, fuck, i, super i raczę się, leżąc na wznak, ich szlugiem
Głupio czuję gdy wyszły
Leżąc już samotnie paląc jointa w ciszy
Ej nie będą miały chyba tego za złe
Że nagrałem je na starą low quality?

Jak się bawić, to chlać. Chcesz oryginał, to płać
W tym łóżku trójka, to max. Nie masz numeru? Daj faks
To kilka dni może trwać, kilka czystych mam taśm
Kilka błękitnych mam viagr, chwilka, zoom i mam kadr

Czyszczę Air Maxy, gdy dzwoni Galaxy, ej może to pilne coś?
Numer nieznany, po łyku metaxy mamroczę klasyczne: "kto?"
"Jestem sama na zimnie i mam całą wille
Zaproszę też Sylwie, co?"
Niby miałem wyczyścić te bu.. znaczy tu ważną sprawinę
Ale nooo... wpadnę
Wbijam, one piją driny mleczne
I tak myślę, że to trochę z nimi bezsens
To nie szmiry przecież, to dziewczyny grzeczne
Ale robią jakieś swoje miny śmieszne
Więc otwieram by się przestać ślinić setkę
Zakładają jakieś maski jeszcze
Lecz rzucają we mnie swoje majtki wcześniej
Nie jestem głodny, lecz dają mi dropsa
Więc jem bez oporów go
Nie jestem pazerny, lecz jak mają nosa
To chcę, weź to zroluj, co?
Zwykle nie zdradzam, ale może zależeć też od nastroju to
Zwykle nie przesadzam, lecz może nie w tym pokoju
Bo miałem zakwasy, aż brałem przez tydzień nurofen
Pogubił się podczas obliczeń stoper
W pewnych momencie już mówię:
"Dziewczyny lecimy w ten weekend na hotel"
Głupio czuję się dopiero
Kiedy wracam cierpem, prawie już pod domem
Ej nie będą miały chyba tego za złe
Że nagrałem wszystko HD telefonem?

Jak się bawić, to chlać. Chcesz oryginał, to płać
W tym łóżku trójka, to max. Nie masz numeru? Daj faks
To kilka dni może trwać, kilka czystych mam taśm
Kilka błękitnych mam viagr, chwilka, zoom i mam kadrPodążam za impulsami najpewniej, choć we mgle podążam tam, gdzie głos skądś woła
Wciąż idę za nim, muszę dotrzeć, zanim spłonie całkowicie, bo to noc w noc pożar
Te czarne dziury są powypalane jointami, wiesz, mamy w końcu kosmos w głowach
A moje skille są jak moje źrenice - rosną w oczach
Wewnętrzny barometr, czy ciśnienie jest mi znajome? Znowu więcej, widzę
Czuję jakbym leciał balonem - każdy kolejny spalony worek, jestem wyżej
I widzę zdania, przypisuję je jak z nagrania, nie krzyczy głos, a przester słyszę
Mogą mnie ściągnąć już jedynie na dysk, bo tej ziemi już nigdy być nie chcę bliżej
Szukasz sensu? Nie tu, zostały domysły, przez które w chuj
Próbuję ogarnąć umysłem ten ogrom, którym niby steruje Bóg
Ziemia się kręci coraz szybciej, jeżeli podskoczę w tej chwili, to mi się przesunie grunt
W ogóle chyba już latam, bo przeszedłem tyle, że nie czuję nóg

Kyrie eleison, Kyrie eleison
Kyrie eleison, Kyrie eleison
Kyrie eleison, Kyrie eleison
Kyrie eleison, Kyrie eleison

Jakbym grał na bramce, ciągły balans po jebanej linii
Mylę Fauna z Faustem, odtwarzam tylko role chwili
Traktuję cię jak abstrakcję, ważne, co, nieważne, jak
Nie obrażę się, jak zaśniesz przy nim, właściwie zaraz zasnę sam
A co, jak nazajutrz wygnają nas z raju?
Skończymy na skraju jak blask gwiazd
Łapię ciśnienie, bo za dużo barów w tym mieście nie daje mi spać
A każde z ich słów znów otwiera mi w kieszeni nóż już
Nie wiem, czy bardzo się boję, za bardzo się boję, czy zgrzytam zębami przez mróz, mów
Jestem sztucznym wytworem, wolnym masonem, startym symbolem (startym symbolem)
Sam wybiorę, jak już wyzwolę się przez skandale (Przez co, kurwa?!)
Jestem sumą atomów, elektronów i radu
Lubię mówić, czym jestem, tak nam dopomóż, właśnie myślałem o... zgaduj


Kyrie eleison, Kyrie eleison
Kyrie eleison, Kyrie eleison
Kyrie eleison, Kyrie eleison (zostałem testerem)
Kyrie eleison, Kyrie eleison

Zostałem testerem tylko po to, żeby poczuć, jak smakuje wszechświat
Jestem testerem, zmieniam cele i właśnie próbuję szczęścia
Coś tu nie gra, nie podoba im się moja maestria?
Kilka wniosków z Hegla - pozwól mi rozproszyć po częściach je
Mam to wypisane na palcach - to pożądanie czy urojenie?
Adwokat Diabła - ja tu nie jestem od posądzania o istnienie cię
Czuję się, czuję się, czuję się, czuję się, czuję...
He, he, he...
Co najmniej najlepiej
Koszmary codziennie mi psują noce, weź mnie stąd zabierz, nim zdechnę
Harry Angel - to niepewne jak to, co będzie potem
Zmawiam swoją małą litanię, zabawiam się jak Maorytanie
I skradnę im serca i zajmę im miejsca tam, gdzie trafimy na amenOh My Buddha
To Wesoła ekipa
Wesoły trip numer dwa
Egzotyka, lecimy z tym
(Bangkok)

To miasto pachnie... pachnie najgorzej
Ja walczę z bombą i mam ochotę na rozejm
I chodzę i brodzę myślami po mapach
Wdychając w nozdrze ten dziwny zapach przez katar
Dookoła tuk-tuki i fury tych gości
Dla większości życie jest jak tortury (litości!)
Obskurne zabudowy, rynsztokowy bieg
Patrząc na ludzi tutaj myślę, że to będzie mój najprostszy tekst
Jak rak w miejskim ciele, świątynie, burdele
I oba te cele walczą tu ze sobą jak Yoda z Vaderem
Zabawne, jak łatwo hodować złudzenie
Kolejne spojrzenie przez brudną szybę
Zmienia perspektywę na wymuszony uśmiech
To on jest spoiwem tych wszystkich rozrywek
(Uwaga, spoiler!) Jutro to miejsce wybuchnie
Na razie setę i uciekam stąd
Czk-czk-czk-czk-czk czekaj co?
Aż się wierzyć nie chce, więc jak innowiercy
Omijamy przestrzeń rodem z Prince of Persii
Rozpalone jointy krzyczą "wyrok śmierci"
Dookoła bagna, same kurwy, kreski
Wódka spływa w gardło jakbym żuł żyletki
To Bangkok, musi tętnić to

Oh My Buddha
Oh My Buddha
Oh My Buddha (Bangkok, ohh)
(Bangkok, Bangkok)
Oh My Buddha
Oh My Buddha
Oh My Buddha (Bangkok, ohh)
(Bangkok, Bangkok, Bangkok)

Idą postacie w kapturach
To mnisi
Czekaj na końcowe napisy
Raz, dwa, raz, dwa, raz, dwa, raz, dwa
Raz, dwa, raz, dwa, raz, dwa
Sà-wàt-di khráp, mój braciak poznał Tajkę, były niezłe jaja
Lecimy, raz, dwa, raz, dwa, raz, dwa
(Bangkok)

Popijamy okoliczne browary
W jednym z lokali w którym egzotyczne specjały
Weszły nam w krew jak malaryczne komary
Ktoś drugi raz zagryza kwas ryżem curry
Jeszcze tylko ze dwie zmiany klubu jak Zlatan
I nie ma bata, mów mi Django (w szale)
Straciłem głowę ale to najmniejsza strata
Przez drzwi wyleciał jakiś rudy angol (dalej)
Techno, pamiętam tylko neony i techno
Moi znajomi się wściekną, kiedy się zetną
Że jestem... Gdzie ja jestem? Kurwa, co to za tłum?
I co to znaczy Suvarnabhumi? Chwila zadum (yyy...)
Czemu się budzę na słoniach, trzymając wódę w dłoniach
Złotego Buddę na domiar
Wszyscy moi ludzie lecą grubiej niż wczoraj
Bo brakuje tylko Mike'a Tysona (Bangkok)
A wczoraj to historia alarm, widzę szaleństwo
Euforia i Agonia naraz; Kyrie Eleison
Przeżyłem piekło i nadal się błąkam
Chcę odetchnąć pełną piersią jak Amazonka
Żadni behawioryści, nie umiemy się zachować
Szampańskie nastroje aż nie zdążymy wykorkować
(czekaj, czekaj, czekaj)
Przylecieliśmy tu tylko pomedytować, tylko pomedytować

Oh My Buddha
Bangkok, musi tętnić to
Oh My Buddha (ohh)
(Bangkok, Bangkok, Bangkok)
Bangkok, musi tętnić to
Bangkok, musi tętnić to
(Bangkok, Bangkok, Bangkok...)
Oh My Buddha
Oh My Buddha
Oh My Buddha (Bangkok, oh)
(Bangkok, Bangkok)
Oh My Buddha
Oh My Buddha (oh)
Bangkok, musi tętnić to
(Bangkok)

Thai massage! Thai massage! Thai massage!Pytasz czy jaram
Of course!
A jak?

Pytasz czy jaram?
Oczywiście ze jaram
Jaram tak dużo, że nie wiem co gadam
Jaram tak dużo, jakbym był z jamajki
Bomboklaat!
Nie pijesz wina, nie palisz fajki
To jaki kurwa z Ciebie Albańczyk?
Nabijam do sziszy kilogram ganji
Tak się tu jara, tak się tu tańczy
My jaramy jak rastamani, bomboklaat
Najarany Gang z Albanii
Dla was gra
Muzyką was pozdrawiamy
Cały świat
Dupą kręć do góry skacz, krzycz:
Rampampam
Rampampam
Rampampam
Odpalam jointa i dostaję ataku
Włączam komputer i pisze 16
Zawsze mam wenę
Jak brakuje tematów
Pomiędzy czwórkami przyciskam spację
My jaramy zioło to się nigdy nie skończy
Zawsze będziemy uprawiać
Modlić się o dobre zbiory
Zamów se nasiona
Zrób na chacie Holandię
Pozdrawia was tu wszystkich z Albanii farmer
 x2
Marihuana leczy, żywi nas i ubiera
W Albańskim Gangu łatwo natknąć się na dilera
Możesz na tym zarobić
Lub stracić całe siano
Ze spuchniętą pacyną budzisz się znowu rano

Od rana mam albański kaszel
Kręcę strucle i jaram je, facet
Posiadam odmian duża tachę
Najlepsze szczyty ryją nam czachę
W każdym schowku pokitrany towar
Tylko spokojnie, we are global!
Dla koneserów zapach cud
Dla zwykłych leszczy straszny smród
Dobre Maroko zamyka oko
Nie myśl o piłce gdy mówię fifa
Siedzimy w studio dobrze zbombieni
Ziomek skręca kolejnego splifa
To nie boisko, nie próbuj mnie kiwać
Siadaj bracie i siedź wygodnie
THC ze śliną do gardła spływa
Kiedy kolejny skręt dociera do mnie
Krótka piłka, staff się nie kończy
Nie bądź taki szybki jak list gończy
Mordy ucieszone, zajarane na amen
Palimy w chuj i zamawiamy szamę
Napalone jak w dobrym piecu
Huczy i zaraz wyjebie komin
Dymi się tutaj ziomek na serio
Jakbyś podpalił cały Stomil
THC czysty olej
Ktoś się do jointa zawsze przyklei
Lepi się wszystko na tym stole
Rozjebane bongo leży na ziemi
Zawieszam się, niby na chwilę
A siedzę od wczoraj, zostaje do jutra
Przypadkiem trafiam na jakieś ziarno
I strzela mi gibon jak katapulta
 x2
Marihuana leczy, żywi nas i ubiera
W Albańskim Gangu łatwo natknąć się na dilera
Możesz na tym zarobić
Lub stracić całe siano
Ze spuchniętą pacyną budzisz się znowu ranoUhh, yeah, another one of those (this is for my nigga Q)
Down to earth joints (rest in peace baby - you know how we roll)
There's so many that don't know (you knew I could do it)

They don't knooow, who we beee
They don't knooow, who we beee

This goes out to my nigga Q - rest in peace baby (I miss you dog)
You still here with me?

What they don't know is:
The bullshit, the drama (uhh), the guns, the armour (uhh!)
The city, the farmer, the babies, the mama (what?!)
The projects, the drugs (uhh!), the children, the thugs
(uhh!) The tears, the hugs, the love, the slugs (c'mon!)
The funerals, the wakes, the churches, the coffins (uhh!)
The heartbroken mothers, it happens, too often (why?!)
The problems, the things, we use, to solve 'em (what?!)
Yonkers, the Bronx (uhh!), Brooklyn, Harlem (c'mon!)
The hurt, the pain, the dirt, the rain (uhh!)
The jerk, the fame, the work, the game (uhh!)
The friends, the foes, the Benz, the hoes (what?!)
The studios, the shows, comes, and it goes (c'mon!)
The jealousy, the envy, the phony, the friendly (uh-huh!)
The one that gave 'em the slugs, the one that put 'em in me
(whoo!) The snakes, the grass, too long, to see (uhh, uhh!)
The lawnmower, sittin', right next, to the tree (c'mon!)

They don't knooow, who we beee
They don't knooow, who we beee
They don't knooow, who we beee
They don't knooow, who we beee

What we seeing is:
The streets, the cops, the system, harassment (uh-huh)
The options, get shot, go to jail, or getcha ass kicked
(aight) The lawyers, the part, they are, of the puzzle (uh-huh)
The release, the warning, "Try not, to get in trouble" (damn!)
The snitches, the odds (uhh), probation, parole (what?!)
The new charge, the bail, the warrant, the hole (damn!)
The cell, the bus, the ride, up North (uh-huh)
The greens, the boots, the yard, these hearts (uhh!)
The fightin', the stabbin', the pullin', the grabbin' (what?!)
The riot squad with the captain, nobody knows what happened
(what?!) The two years in a box, revenge, the plots (uhh!)
The twenty-three hours that's locked, the one hour that's not
(uhh!) The silence, the dark, the mind, so fragile (aight!)
The wish, that the streets, would have took you, when they had you
(damn) The days, the months, the years, despair
One night on my knees, here it comes, the prayer

They don't knooow, who we beee
They don't knooow, who we beee
They don't knooow, who we beee
They don't knooow, who we beee

This here is all about:
My wife, my kids (uh-huh), the life that I live (uh-huh)
Through the night, I was his (uh-huh), it was right, but I did
(uh-huh) My ups, and downs (uhh), my slips, my falls (uhh)
My trials and tribulations (uhh), my heart, my balls (uhh)
My mother, my father, I love 'em, I hate 'em (uhh!)
Wish God, I didn't have 'em, but I'm glad that he made 'em
(uhh!) The roaches, the rats, the strays, the cats (what, what?!)
The guns, knives and bats, everytime we scrap
The hustlin', the dealin', the robbin', the stealin' (uhh!)
The shit, hit the ceiling', little boy, with no feelings
(damn) The frustration, rage, trapped inside a cage
Got beatin's 'til the age, I carried a twelve gauge
(aight!) Somebody stop me (please!), somebody come and get me
(what?!) Little did I know, that the Lord was ridin' with me
The dark, the light (uhh), my heart (uhh), the fight (uhh)
The wrong (uhh!), the right (uhh!), it's gone (uhh!), aight?

They don't knooow, who we beee
They don't knooow, who we beee
They don't knooow, who we beee
They don't knooow, who we beee
They don't knooow, who we beee
They don't knooow, who we beee
They don't knooow, who we beee
They don't knooow, who we beee

Man listen
These motherfuckers don't know, who we are!
They don't know
They couldn't possibly fuckin' know dawg
That's from the heartOd pięćdziesiątki w zeszyt do całości za hajs

Od pięćdziesiątki w zeszyt do całości za hajs
Od pięćdziesiątki w zeszyt do całości za hajs
Mieli, mieli, mieli cała ośka zapierdala
Mieli, mieli, mieli bo tu hajs się musi zgadzać

Dla Ciebie flex to jakieś pedalskie ruchy
Mówiąc fleks, mam na myśli dobre grudy
Co oznacza mielić, możesz domyślić się sam
Bomby nad głowami WWA, Afganistan
Mając osiemnaście lat, miał 15 pokemonów
A to oznacza tygodniowo całkiem spory dochód
Gazówka przewiercona żeby w nocy lepiej spać
Gumka recepturka w kartonach od butów hajs

Ćwierć kilo, pół kilo, całe kilo ohh
Ćwierć kilo, pół kilo, całe kilo ohh
Ćwierć kilo, pół kilo, całe kilo ohh
Od pięćdziesiątki w zeszyt do całości za hajs

Od pięćdziesiątki w zeszyt do całości za hajs
Od pięćdziesiątki w zeszyt do całości za hajs
Mieli, mieli, mieli cała ośka zapierdala
Mieli, mieli, mieli bo tu hajs się musi zgadzać

Wychowany na Warszawskim wrzecionie
Od małego wpajane, że milczenie złotem
Wciąż podwórko, a nie grupki internetowe
Takim jak ty zabierałem kanapki w szkole
W domu nigdy nie brak folii aluminiowej
Zalakowane dobrze torebki śniadaniowe
Jointy jak aloes, na stres i myśli chore
Kryształ na grudzie błyszczy jak miliony monet

Ćwierć kilo, pół kilo, całe kilo ohh
Ćwierć kilo, pół kilo, całe kilo ohh
Ćwierć kilo, pół kilo, całe kilo ohh
Od pięćdziesiątki w zeszyt do całości za hajs

Od pięćdziesiątki w zeszyt do całości za hajs
Od pięćdziesiątki w zeszyt do całości za hajs
Mieli, mieli, mieli cała ośka zapierdala
Mieli, mieli, mieli bo tu hajs się musi zgadzać

Ćwierć kilo, pół kilo, całe kilo ohh
Ćwierć kilo, pół kilo, całe kilo ohh
Ćwierć kilo, pół kilo, całe kilo ohh
Ćwierć kilo, pół kilo, całe kilo ohh
Od pięćdziesiątki w zeszyt do całości za hajs
Mieli, mieli, mieli
Mieli, mieli, mieli
Mieli, mieli, mieli
Pik, pik hahaha!
Mieli, mieli, mieli
Mieli, mieli, mieli
Mieli, mieli, mieli
Bo tu hajs się musi zgadzaćNie trawię kawałków o tym jak pięknie jest, nie rzygam tęczą
To nie różowa kraina w brokacie, wiesz jak jest tu ze mną
Tak działamy na siebie nawzajem, że nam skacze tętno
Nie tylko seks to daje, bywa, że w poprzek stajesz, nie ma lekko
Czasami mówię do ciebie zdrobniale, bezpośrednio, często
Czasami nie mówię wcale, chcę pomilczeć razem też, bo
Nie lubię nudy, sztampy, kalki, nie lubię rutyny bardzo
Skarbie będziemy nieprzewidywalni, drugiego takiego już nie znajdziesz
Patrz możemy rozebrać świat w pokera jedną ręką
Śmiać w problemach, stojąc twarzą w twarz tak na miękko
Strach ucieka przed nami, jesteśmy razem jak kevlar
Jak teflon - nic nie przywiera, spływa to po nas jak chujowa przeszłość
Nawet jak zatykasz włosami prysznic, albo czekam wieczność
Nawet jak chowasz mi rzeczy tam, gdzie nikt nie znajdzie ich i sczezną
Dzwonisz jak robię z komórki przelew, jem lub piszę tekst, nieważne
Pysk wystawia z tylnych siedzeń pies, i jedzie z nami z wiatrem

Ja piszę rap w bobsleju w Shangri-La
Wyjmujesz hajs z poduszki Maison Margiela
Ja nawet pusty nie byłbym pusty tu z tobą
Clyde, podrzuć nam Bonnie
Nie masz szans na czworokąt
Ty prowadzisz w parasolce BMW
Ja siedzę obok w kabrioletach Jimmy Choo
Ja nawet goły i goły przy tobie byłbym sobą
Bo nawet jointy pod wodą mogę jarać z tobą

Granice stawiamy sobie tu sami, brak innych granic
Bawić się życiem to trzeba potrafić, się nie zadławić
Pomyśl, jak oni mają nam mówić co robić, jak żyją z Excela
Jak można mijając życie codziennie pierdolić o celach
My jedziemy właśnie posłuchać jak szumi kolejny ocean
Oni obudzą się kolejny raz identycznie i chcą nas oceniać
Sypiamy w przydrożnych motelach, sypiamy w najdroższych hotelach
Kradniemy to życie garściami, pieprzymy na dachach i w dzikich strumieniach
Cena nie ma znaczenia, dziś liczę ten sos w kielni na centymetry
A jak przyjdzie tonąć w problemach, to nikt nie zniknie jak David Copperfield
I nawet, gdy myślisz, że ostatnie słowo to Joker jest na argumenty
Jak jesteś pieprzoną królową, a mój strój nie leży do twojej sukienki
Nawet jak mylisz kierunki (mylisz), mylisz nazwiska (mylisz), mylisz piosenki (mylisz)
Nie w tym szpitalu, nie na tę chorobę i nie umierali, nie ci pacjenci
To łapiesz w locie tysiące detali i miliony drobnych sugestii
Jedźmy, kto nie żyje - umarł, kto obudził się, ten nie śpi

Ja piszę rap w bobsleju w Shangri-La
Wyjmujesz hajs z poduszki Maison Margiela
Ja nawet pusty nie byłbym pusty tu z tobą
Clyde, podrzuć nam Bonnie
Nie masz szans na czworokąt
Ty prowadzisz w parasolce BMW
Ja siedzę obok w kabrioletach Jimmy Choo
Ja nawet goły i goły przy tobie byłbym sobą
Bo nawet jointy pod wodą mogę jarać z tobą
Ja piszę rap w bobsleju w Shangri-La
Wyjmujesz hajs z poduszki Maison Margiela
Ja nawet pusty nie byłbym pusty tu z tobą
Clyde, podrzuć nam Bonnie
Nie masz szans na czworokąt
Ty prowadzisz w parasolce BMW
Ja siedzę obok w kabrioletach Jimmy Choo
Ja nawet goły i goły przy tobie byłbym sobą
Bo nawet jointy pod wodą mogę jarać z tobąChciałaś uciec na chwilę, bo czas biegnie szybciej
A nie wolniej, jak mój dotyk, kiedy wkładam ci pod bluzkę dłonie
Pod twoją ulubioną bluzkę zanim uśnie któreś z nas
Ty się cieszysz, kiedy widzisz uśmiech, który znasz
I nie kręcisz dupą jak laski w klipach
I nie jesteś Barbie, trzymasz mnie za rękę i przegryzasz moje wargi
Napij się jeszcze Jasiu, mówisz szeptem
Miało nie być tego, ale znów mięknę
Widzę cię jak przez bletkę i butelkę razem wzięte
Chłopaki się śmieją coś tam, że nietrzeźwy bengier
Masz to w dupie szczerze, wiesz jaki jestem mała
Będziesz wspominać z uśmiechem, a nie płakać, dramat
Wiemy, że nie dorosłem, lepiej nie zachodź w ciążę
Bo nie wiem czy z tym faktem umiałbym postąpić mądrze
Fajnie by było jakbyś teraz dała buzi
Nie pcham szmat jak Maja Putzi, ty masz mała luzik
Byłoby lepiej i nie zapominaj, że zawsze się kończy to co się zaczyna
Lubisz moje słowa, przypał, zawsze byłem gorszy w czynach
Chyba w sumie chyba, ty mnie całujesz a ja się rozpływam, bywa
I na do widzenia mówisz, że powtórka lada moment
Kurwa jak ja się tobą jaram, ja pierdole

Piszę numer o tobie maluch mogę przysiąc
Inna sprawa, że ciebie tutaj jest tak z tysiąc
Inna sprawa, że cię serio lubię i szanuję
Uwierz, nie mam złych intencji
Janek nie jest wcale

Ta noc to nasz czas, jesteśmy aż tak wysoko
Jest naprawdę spoko, foko masz luzik vibe
Wiesz się czuje takie rzeczy
Oni pokażą ci papier, a ja ci pokaże zeszyt
Kilkaset kartek, wersów na nich cały ja
Nie musisz mnie już rozbierać, bo się czuje nagi, ta
Nie palę jointów, ale z tobą chciałbym to zrobić
Ogólnie rzecz biorąc, z tobą chciałbym to zrobićJezu Chryste, Kubi!

Jak tu sobą być i nie zmieniać się
Kiedy trzeba żyć, trzeba zmieniać się?
A ludzie chcą cię zryć i chcą zmieniać cię
Musisz nie bać się im powiedzieć nie
Weź nie patrz się na wrogów jeśli chcesz mieć szansę na spokój
Musisz iść, iść, iść uparcie do przodu
Musisz iść, iść, iść uparcie do przodu
To co mam na sobie dostałem od ziomów
Wszystko to co mam na co dzień dostałem od losu
Ale to nie tylko kwestia szczęścia i dobrych obrotów
Gdybym wciąż nie ślęczał w tekstach od świtu do zmroku
To najpewniej bym swą szansę przespał, marnie przegrał
Jakąś amfę wessał gdzieś na bloku
Wyprzedziłem całe życie i to w ciągu roku
A ty byłeś w ciągu roku od jointów do prochów
Nie chcę, nie chcę z wami zginąć tu po trochu
Ja chcę, ja chcę tylko zwinąć wszystko wokół
Ale nie mam tyle rąk ile pokus, proszę daj mi tyle rąk co Doctor Octopus
I tak wszystko kręci się wokół sosu, gdybym nie był tym kim Jestem czy bym znalazł inny sposób
Nawet nie wiem szczerze mówiąc, potrafię coś szczerze ująć
Do tego nieźle rymując, co nawet nie mam głosu
Mama miała pewnie dla mnie inny plan na przyszłość
Namawiała mnie na studia, byłem tam, nie wyszło
Zawsze robię wszystko na odwrót jak Kris Kross
Za późno na odwrót, to się stało tak szybko

Tylko sobą być i nie zmieniać się
Chcę tylko sobą być i nie zmieniać się
Tylko sobą, ja chcę tylko sobą, ja chcę tylko sobą być i nie zmieniać się
Tylko sobą być i nie zmieniać się
Chcę tylko sobą być i nie zmieniać się
Tylko sobą, ja chcę tylko sobą, ja chcę tylko sobą być i nie zmieniać się

Znów na dowóz cztery sery, Denis wpada pograć
Już zmęczyły mnie te ściemy i kamery co dnia
W mojej głowie tylko zmiany jak jebana fobia
Ale całej tej otoczki więcej nie chcesz od nas
Ludzie tu są szaroburzy, mam się temu poddać?
Chodzę z kolorową głową, Que to Dennis Rodman
Dziś się skarbie nie chcę pieprzyć, weź mnie tylko podrap
Bo ta tyra mnie dobija, nie gram w Mortal Kombat
Wokół kręcą się modelki z logo Harper's Bazaar
Wszystkie mają ten kuszący wzrok jak Anja Rubik
Wokół kręcą się modelki, ona prawie naga
Mam dość klubów, dosyć cudów, dosyć chlania wódy
Nie chcę być dla nich Lil Peepem i Jaredem Leto
Oryginalność we mnie krzyczy, to jebane veto
Chcę cię wziąć za rękę mała, płynąć z tym jak Mekong
Zamów dla mnie sok z cytryny, dla siebie Prosecco

Byłem już tamtym i tym, ale nigdy nie chciałem być normalny jak wy (jak wy) i idealny jak wy
Życie o którym marzysz mam na twarzy, to psi
Byłem już tamtym i tym, ale nigdy nie chciałem być normalny jak wy (jak wy) i idealny jak wy
Życie o którym marzysz mam na twarzy, to psi

Tylko sobą być i nie zmieniać się
Chcę tylko sobą być i nie zmieniać się
Tylko sobą, ja chcę tylko sobą, ja chcę tylko sobą być i nie zmieniać się
Tylko sobą być i nie zmieniać się
Chcę tylko sobą być i nie zmieniać się
Tylko sobą, ja chcę tylko sobą, ja chcę tylko sobą być i nie zmieniać sięMhm, w moim mieście żyją w trybie przelew-browar-joint
I coraz częściej chciałbym się teleportować stąd

Krwawiący pacyfista, ścieram rzygi z pyska
Tylko Jezus mógłby mnie ocalić gdyby istniał
I tak karmię się doświadczeniami
Ale wszystko to wątpliwy przysmak, bon appétit
Kiedy nie mogę zasnąć zamiast owiec liczę grzechy
Ty chcesz mi mówić co to brak skrupułów?
Biorę długie oddechy, dokąd im się tak śpieszy?
Usypiam w bólu, szukam wyjścia z Enigma Roomu

Uśmiecham się, czekam na błysk
Bo stoję pozą do zdjęć
Mam zmieniać to czy godzić z tym?
Bo jeśli to nie fatum to co to jest?
Uśmiecham się, czekam na błysk
Bo stoję pozą do zdjęć
Mam zmieniać to czy godzić z tym?
Bo jeśli to nie fatum to co to jest?

Stereoskopia, na tych płaszczyznach widzisz nie jedno
Przez to do dzisiaj z nią robię to w myślach; cerebro
Duże zranione dziecko, wszystko jak krew w piach
Wojna z samym sobą choć zaczynam od The Diplomats
Nic co znasz nie przypomina tego co znam, czaisz?
Chory świat, takich jak my jak na lekarstwo stary
Uparcie pchamy się pod górkę jak w Elasto Manii
Mijając czarujące spojrzenia, za mało many

Uśmiecham się, czekam na błysk
Bo stoję pozą do zdjęć
Mam zmieniać to czy godzić z tym?
Bo jeśli to nie fatum to co to jest?
Uśmiecham się, czekam na błysk
Bo stoję pozą do zdjęć
Mam zmieniać to czy godzić z tym?
Bo jeśli to nie fatum to co to jest?

Dzisiaj mówię o sobie raper
Bo zawsze chciałem zostać poszukiwaczem przygód
A że saper ze mnie kiepski, rozkłada mnie na deski
Ta bomba, rozbraja mnie, czekam na wybuch, tik tak

Uśmiecham się, czekam na błysk
Bo stoję pozą do zdjęć
Mam zmieniać to czy godzić z tym?
Bo jeśli to nie fatum to co to jest?
Uśmiecham się, czekam na błysk
Bo stoję pozą do zdjęć
Mam zmieniać to czy godzić z tym?
Bo jeśli to nie fatum to co to jest?

Rozpisywałem najstraszniejsze scenariusze
Największych wrogów osadzałem w głównych rolach
Dawałem kilka minut żeby mogli uciec
Potem podziwiałem świat na wylot przez dziury w ich głowach
Rozpisywałem najpiękniejsze scenariusze
Musiałem wierzyć pewnie w to, że miłość jest tu
A kiedy zrozumiałem "kurwa, nic nie muszę"
Zacząłem podziwiać świat na wylot przez dziurę w jej sercu
Rozpisywałem to w swym pokoju bez klamek
Bo że zadanie, że jak skończę to się wydostanę
I tylko jedno "ale" - znikający atrament
Więc muszę pisać dalej w swoim Enigma Room
A gdy przekroczysz próg się cieszysz choć masz problem
To nie są błyski fleszy, to Bóg odpalił bombę
I prosi o uśmiechy wysyłając nas na wojnę
Dorosłe dzieci wykrwawiają się spokojnie

Uśmiecham się, czekam na błysk
Bo stoję pozą do zdjęć
Mam zmieniać to czy godzić z tym?
Bo jeśli to nie fatum to co to jest?
Uśmiecham się, czekam na błysk
Bo stoję pozą do zdjęć
Mam zmieniać to czy godzić z tym?
Bo jeśli to nie fatum to co to jest?Hah-ach
Hah-ach
Hah-ach-ach-ach-no
Kubi-bi-bi-bi
No-no (No, no)
Nah, nah, nah (Nah, nah) (Nah-nah)
(Nah) Yeah

Ona szuka bad boy’a, co pijany nie chciał ruszyć się z boja, nie
Dzisiaj zapraszam do siebie ją, sam nie wiem czemu tak kręcę ją
Ona szuka bad boy’a, nie oceniaj mała, tylko kręć dżoja, yeah
Skarbie, jeśli chcesz możesz być moją trap queen
Znowu wkładam dres pod klatówę i klapki, wtedy widzę cię

Dzwoni iPhone, mała, mała (Mała, mała)
Lubię to, że jesteś pojebana (Pojebana)
Lubię to, że nie chcesz mojego siana
Na zmianę Rihanna i Drake i na-na-na-na-na-na
Dzwoni iPhone, mała, mała (Mała, mała)
Lubię to, że jesteś pojebana (Pojebana)
Lubię to, że nie chcesz mojego siana
Na zmianę Rihanna i Drake i na-na-na-na-na-na

Kręcę bata, gdy ona leży w wannie
Nie żeby sado-maso, dzisiaj chce ją i ganje
Już nie dziwi jej, że mam takie oczy
I nie dziwi, że palę jointy jak papierosy
Dlatego nie czuję, żebym miał palić most
Cóż, nie pomoże, prędzej, może zabić smak
Samokrytyczny tak, żeby na siebie kląć
Słabości ukrywam, żeby nie było po twarzy znać
Ona wie co jest pięć, z czym się bujam
Dzisiaj najpierw seks, potem skręt
Amplituda nie interere mnie, czy grzech to
Czym jest umiar? Działasz mała na mnie jak lep, albo piguła
Daleko mi do nieśmiałych, lecimy jak po ecstasy
Nigdy nie byłem święty, ona dobrze wie, że nie bez wady

Ona szuka bad boy’a, co pijany nie chciał ruszyć się z boja, nie
Dzisiaj zapraszam do siebie ją, sam nie wiem czemu tak kręcę ją
Ona szuka bad boy’a, nie oceniaj mała, tylko kręć dżoja, yeah
Skarbie, jeśli chcesz możesz być moją trap queen
Znowu wkładam dres pod klatówę i klapki, wtedy widzę cię

Dzwoni iPhone, mała, mała (Mała, mała)
Lubię to, że jesteś pojebana (Pojebana)
Lubię to, że nie chcesz mojego siana
Na zmianę Rihanna i Drake i na-na-na-na-na-na
Dzwoni iPhone, mała, mała (Mała, mała)
Lubię to, że jesteś pojebana (Pojebana)
Lubię to, że nie chcesz mojego siana
Na zmianę Rihanna i Drake i na-na-na-na-na-na

Chciałbym cię zobaczyć, ale nie wiem gdzie jesteś
Pewnie się spotkamy, gdzieś wieczorem na mieście, ayy
Nie truję ci dupy na tel, no bo kiedy zgłodnieję, to jeszcze bardziej cię zjem
Ty wiesz jak jest, nie lubię obietnic, wolę ten mały gest
Suki lubią prestiż, fame i cały cash
A ty nawet nie wiedziałaś, że rap to moja krew, nie, nie
Lubię, kiedy robisz dla mnie twerk, twerk
Lubię, kiedy płonie, płonie skręt, skręt
Wtedy, wtedy, łapię cię za rękę
Z tobą mogę więcej, z tobą mogę więcej, ayy
Tańcz ze mną, mała na zawsze, mamy tylko jedna szansę
Nie chcę wiedzieć kto ma rację
Pozwól mi na ciebie patrzeć

Nie zakrywaj się, pozwól mi na ciebie patrzeć
Nie zakrywaj się, pozwól mi na ciebie patrzeć
Nie zakrywaj się, pozwól mi na ciebie patrzeć
Nie zakrywaj się, tylko pozwól mi

Ona szuka bad boy’a, co pijany nie chciał ruszyć się z boja, nie
Dzisiaj zapraszam do siebie ją, sam nie wiem czemu tak kręcę ją
Ona szuka bad boy’a, nie oceniaj mała, tylko kręć dżoja, yeah
Skarbie, jeśli chcesz możesz być moją trap queen
Znowu wkładam dres pod klatówę i klapki, wtedy widzę cię

Dzwoni iPhone, mała, mała (Mała, mała)
Lubię to, że jesteś pojebana (Pojebana)
Lubię to, że nie chcesz mojego siana
Na zmianę Rihanna i Drake i na-na-na-na-na-na
Dzwoni iPhone, mała, mała (Mała, mała)
Lubię to, że jesteś pojebana (Pojebana)
Lubię to, że nie chcesz mojego siana
Na zmianę Rihanna i Drake i na-na-na-na-na-na

Mała, mała, pojebana
Na-na-na-na-na-naBase
Shout Black, you're a fool homie
Oh yea, it's finna be some new rules around here
Hol' up

I woke up feeling large
I woke up, wrote bars I was feeling like Nas
I woke up, said “Nah, fuck the law I'm finna roll one, take charge”
I woke up feeling big
I woke up in the crib, I was feeling like Pac
Don't you ever get it twisted, I paint the picture vivid, It's my life to live so just watch and get used to it
(I do this shit)
Nigga get used to me (I'm not new and shit)
Nigga I used to be (on some foolish shit)
Now I just do this shit (like its a movie, bitch)
Nigga get used to it (I do this shit)
Nigga you're puke to me (who the fuck are you and shit?)
Nigga get used to me (I'm not new and shit)
Now I just do this shit (I do this shit)

I had a feeling I'ma take it home
I had a feeling I'ma rape this song
I had a feeling I'm not as good as
But I'm good enough to take him on and break his arm
I been strong (Been strong)
And I bench y'all (I bench y'all)
Life's a bitch, you got friend-zoned (you got friend-zoned)
If life's a trip I'm in the finest whip, I'm tryna find a strip club, you're sent home
I light a spliff then I get high as shit and try to find a bitch and tell her get low
I write this shit not to confine but rather get mine across to all them folks
Sometimes I sit tryna find why I still try to commit, knowing I got ten hoes
Now I know my mind is twisted, get a bible in this bitch, in life that's all we depend on

Hallelujah (Amen)
I'm tryna hold on to my soul (uh-huh)
But the devil tells me if I let him on it I'll blow
Says he knows I long for gold and I don't wanna die old
But I'd rather say no, let my cojones hang low, nigga

So uuuh, not
I'd rather get pastors to pass me a blessing, get on right
And we all night, we after this cash, your bitch ass only crass, I go hard twice
Get Patron, lights off
Fuck doing shows if they offer the wrong price
Now put on a smile, I'm on till I'm off life
I'm stretching my arms like
Biatch

I woke up feeling large
I woke up, wrote bars I was feeling like Nas
I woke up, said “Nah, fuck the law I'm finna roll one, take charge”
I woke up feeling big
I woke up in the crib, I was feeling like Pac
Don't you ever get it twisted, I paint the picture vivid
It's my life to live so just watch and get used to it
(I do this shit)
Nigga get used to me (I'm not new and shit)
Nigga I used to be (on some foolish shit)
Now I just do this shit (like its a movie, bitch)
Nigga get used to it (I do this shit)
Nigga you're puke to me (who the fuck are you and shit?)
Nigga get used to me (I'm not new and shit)
Now I just do this shit (I do this shit)

I swear the nights are gritty but the life is pretty, your wife is with me and she get it
She got still big titties, I got 60 minutes, skeet-skeet, I did it and she sip it
Man poppa told me, “Don't loose your cool, give niggas at least three warnings”
So, I'ma kill your ass
And I'ma kill your ass
And I'ma kill your ass with these joints
Every letter I execute is a shot with a metal right to your block, I got a Glock for a larynx
Every rapper that hears me don't wanna say that they fear me, but let loose whenever they get a glance
Every since I was little I knew I was a nigga cause I fell slave to my own damn parents
And I still go to church to avoid getting hurt by the devil, no God damn chance

Hallelujah (Amen)
I'm tryna hold on to my soul (uh-huh)
But the devil tells me if I let him on it I'll blow
Says he knows I long for gold and I don't wanna die old
But I'd rather say no, let my cojones hang low, nigga

And I will blow
I'm destined to shine, yet the best is confined, so chill bro
I kill flows
I see no evil, I'm rolling with Cain and we kill shows
And we will show, colder than real snow
I'm ill yo, I'm chilled, no
I'm on fire, but I will not stop, nor drop, but I will roll

Hallelujah
I woke up feeling large
I woke up, wrote bars I was feeling like Nas
I woke up, said “Nah, fuck the law, I'm finna roll one, take charge”
I woke up feeling big
I woke up in the crib, I was feeling like Pac
Don't you ever get it twisted, I paint the picture vivid, It's my life to live so just watch and get used to it
(I do this shit)
Nigga get used to me (I'm not new and shit)
Nigga I used to be (on some foolish shit)
Now I just do this shit (like its a movie, bitch)
Nigga get used to it (I do this shit)
Nigga you're puke to me (who the fuck are you and shit?)
Nigga get used to me (I'm not new and shit)
Now I just do this shit (I do this shit)
Hallelujah

Uh-huh
Yessur
Uh-huh
Yessur, yessurSmak ptasiego mleczka
I cała w skowroneczkach
Ja nie potrafię już inaczej
Cholernie lubię te słodycz
Uwielbiam uwielbiać i pstrykać
Fajne zdjęcia nam
Tak piszę swą biografię
Srebrne pióra w atramencie moczę

Tak słodko śnie a tu znowu jawa wstrętna
Zdjąć różowe gogle? bez nich świat mi gra na nerwach
Życie to nie gierka
Chyba mi o tym mówiłaś, ale zapomniałem zapamiętać
Niech nie rusza cię, gdy mówią - jesteś taka piękna
Powiedz, dzióbek, na co ci ta pawia wkrętka?
Czułem, że duszę się
Miałaś też tak?
Podły świecie, lubię cię w chokerzeoraz w kabaretkach
Są smakowe kondomy, jest zapachowa świeczka
Chcę cię przelecieć i usłyszeć jak radośnie ćwierkasz
W koło same orły, ja mam się za gołąbeczka
Nie wiem czy to nie ucieczka
W moje pseudo bycie skromnym
Zatapiamy oczy w fajerwerkach
W tanie przyjemności, czy i dla mnie znajdą chwilę?
Jestem bliżej dorosłości, dalej dziecka
Czy szukając szczęścia posiwieję jak mortimer?

Smak ptasiego mleczka
I cała w skowroneczkach
Ja nie potrafię już inaczej
Cholernie lubię te słodycz
Uwielbiam uwielbiać i pstrykać
Fajne zdjęcia nam
Tak piszę swą biografię
Srebrne pióra w atramencie moczę

Trzeba stawiać chatę, płodzić dzieci
Tak się pełnym życiem żyje! co ty bredzisz?
Trzeba dawać radę, wnosić sprzeciw
Chyba nic nie czają, jak sęp na padlinę
Nie chcemy życia w klatkach, fotkach
Małżeństw, rozwodów, więc nie mówmy o obrączkach
Nie chcemy den i spodów, chcemy latać w spodkach
Masz własny łeb, w nim rozum i tak ma zostać
Jak go stracę, to mnie wzmocni jeśli nie zabije
Jakbym za bardzo popłynął, proszę, usuń mi drabinę
Palę jointa , kaszlę, popijam eliksirem
Wino starsze od nas razem wziętych z acodinem
W twoich oczach dalej jestem anonimem
Starczy ci gatunek, komu na co imię?
Chcą sterować tobą jako simem
Tak w poszukiwaniu szczęścia osiwiejesz jak Mortimer
Ćwir! Ćwir!

Smak ptasiego mleczka
I cała w skowroneczkach
Ja nie potrafię już inaczej
Cholernie lubię te słodycz
Uwielbiam uwielbiać i pstrykać
Fajne zdjęcia nam
Tak piszę swą biografię
Srebrne pióra w atramencie moczęZnalazłem Kod nieśmiertelności, niech piszą se Raport mniejszości
Jestem tak świeży, że już robię Powrót do przyszłości
Twój dzień to Doomsday, nie czekaj na Pojutrze
Właśnie słuchasz tę Superprodukcję
Masz tu czołówkę, gubię Drogówkę, jak biorę Julię, Romeo musi umrzeć
Jestem Piątym elementem, używam Sześciu zmysłów
Czy już tylko ja to czuję? #Equilibrium
W Szklanej pułapce zostawiłbym Kasyno z długiem
To jak zamknąć w Cubie Gilberta Grape'a i Draculę
Droga do celu; Forrest Gump
Schody do nieba; Rocky Balboa
I wiem, że wszystko wejdzie, no bo to mój konik; Troja
Buduję napięcie; Achilles
Nie przejdę łukiem; Legolas
George Lucas kręcił moje jointy i mu wyszedł Yoda
Mój długopis waży 21 gramów Seana Penna
Mój zeszyt rymów; Księga ocalenia
Idę po złoto, daleko zajdę; John Carter
No Złap mnie jeśli potrafisz ziom; Jumper

To Blockbuster to Goldbuster
Zjadacz dusz to pierdolony Ghostbuster
To Blockbuster to Blockbuster
Chcesz zabójczy numer dzwoń pod flowmaster
To Blockbuster to Goldbuster
Zjadacz dusz to pierdolony Ghostbuster
To Blockbuster to Blockbuster
Chcesz zabójczy numer dzwoń pod flowmaster

Zapierdalanie w ramoneskach, to nie jest swag
W twojej skórze nie chciałby być nawet Leatherface
Krzyczę hey better dayz kolo jak u Tupaca
Bo jestem o włos od pierwszego solo #Chewbacca
Każdy wers mistrz, nazwę je, hmm, Mace Windu?
To mistrzowsko brzmi, nawet bez masteringu
Płynę jak pojebany Jack Sparrow
Las Vegas Parano czy Blow?
Jestem skazany na show, flow must go on
Zapach twojej kobiety przeminął z wiatrem
Ale ani słowa nikomu
Mów mi Indiana Jones i pożegnaj się ze swoim skarbem (papa); Gollum
Po naszych panczach ta scena ruszy
Nie ma alternatywnych scenariuszy ziomuś
Gdy dobieramy się do mikrofonów
Mamy taki melanż, że nawet E.T nie chciałby wracać do domu
To jak pawlacz-wyższa półka, Abraj to przy tym miniaturka
Przy tym rapie czas nie przecieknie przez palce Ci; Piła Dwójka
Wiesz o co biega jak Forrest Gump, formę mam
Gdy koncert gram klub pęka w szwach jak Frankenstein
I daje track, jak Maczeta, to ścina z nóg

To Blockbuster to Goldbuster
Zjadacz dusz to pierdolony Ghostbuster
To Blockbuster to Blockbuster
Chcesz zabójczy numer dzwoń pod flowmaster
To Blockbuster to Goldbuster
Zjadacz dusz to pierdolony Ghostbuster
To Blockbuster to Blockbuster
Chcesz zabójczy numer dzwoń pod flowmasterTańczy jak baletnica, nie pociągam tu sznurków jak Balenciaga
Moja głowa nie walczy dziś na ulicach, depresyjna cisza każe wypierdalać
Ale wchodzi faza, nie pociągam tu strun, by grała gitara
Topie duży lód...

Tańczy jak baletnica, nie pociągam tu sznurków jak Balenciaga
Moja głowa nie walczy dziś na ulicach, depresyjna cisza każe wypierdalać
Chciałeś coś napisać, ale wchodzi faza
Nie pociągam tu strun, by grała gitara
Topie duży lód, bo chciała pogadać
Dwie twarze, oblicza jak Hannah Montana
Codziennie obliczam to by wypierdalać
Te pliki na plikach dziewczyny do spania
Z Afryki na Jihad, witam w ciepłych krajach
Przyszła się przywitać nie spała do rana, okej
Odpalam aparat i palę ten cash, nie mam nic do dodania, okej
Odpalam aparat, odpalam aparat i co? Co jest co?
Trudno jest zgarnąć ten sos
Nie śpię po nocach bo mnożę go wciąż
Mnożę to bo, chciałem mieć więcej
Mnożę to bo, miałem depresję
Mnożę to bo, dostałem tego lekcje
Robię sos, bo twoja kuchnia to brednie (woah)
Robię sos, bo twoja kuchnia to brednie

A co jak całe to życie było jedynie testem?
Codzienne decyzje jak ABCD, jebany bezsens
Marnuje cały ten czas na stres, a mówią mi spiesz się
Kocha, nie kocha ja chodzę po blokach w dzień i w nocy też, też
A co jak całe to życie było jedynie błędem?
Codzienne decyzje jak ABCD, jebany bezsens
Marnuje cały ten czas na stres, a mówią mi spiesz się
Kocha, nie kocha ja chodzę po blokach w dzień i w nocy też, też
Nawet jak nie chcesz, nawet jak nie chcesz, nawet jak nie, nie, nie
Nawet jak tak, tak, tak

Ze mną są ziomki, ludzie mi mówią dorośnij
Bo patrzę na dupy jak Kombii
Ludzie zmieniają się kiedy do życia im wchodzą pieniążki
Ja siedzę se w knajpie i zamawiam fondue
Nie jestem raper, bo jestem blondyn
Znowu piszę te zwrotki, bo na koncie chce mieć same piątki
Wpadam na koncert, chce mieć same piątki
W dupie mam wasze żale, wąty
Siedzę w chacie wciąż głodny
Jestem sam na świecie, palę jointy
I wychodzę se na blok, żeby nie widzieć już ich
Ciągle słyszę ziom od nieznajomych ludzi
To wszystko pachnie jak sos, a z mojej szybkiej fury
Nie słyszę co mówisz, bo zagłusza wciąż ciebie skrrt, skrrt, skrrt
Bo zagłusza ciebie skrrt, skrrt
Bo zagłusza ciebie skrrt, skrrt

A co jak całe to życie było jedynie testem?
Codzienne decyzje jak ABCD, jebany bezsens
Marnuje cały ten czas na stres, a mówią mi spiesz się
Kocha, nie kocha ja chodzę po blokach w dzień i w nocy też, też
A co jak całe to życie było jedynie błędem?
Codzienne decyzje jak ABCD, jebany bezsens
Marnuje cały ten czas na stres, a mówią mi spiesz się
Kocha, nie kocha ja chodzę po blokach w dzień i w nocy też, też
Nawet jak nie chcesz, nawet jak nie chcesz, nawet jak nie, nie, nie
Nawet jak tak, tak, tak
A co jak całe to życie było jedynie testem?
Codzienne decyzje jak ABCD, jebany bezsens
Marnuje cały ten czas na stres, a mówią mi spiesz się
Kocha, nie kocha ja chodzę po blokach w dzień i w nocy też, też
A co jak całe to życie było jedynie błędem?
Codzienne decyzje jak ABCD, jebany bezsens
Marnuje cały ten czas na stres, a mówią mi spiesz się
Kocha, nie kocha ja chodzę po blokach w dzień i w nocy też, też
Nawet jak nie chcesz, nawet jak nie chcesz, nawet jak nie, nie, nie
Nawet jak tak, tak, takTypie, chuj mnie obchodzi co tam myślisz o mnie dzisiaj
Skoro do niedawna były brechty, bo jeszcze nie było tak słychać
Nic na przypał, niedawno wyszła druga solowa płyta
Swe marzenia mam w kartonach, nic więcej jak by ktoś pytał
Całe otoczenie zatruwa krew
Żyłem w krainie nierosnących drzew
Koka, jointy, hayabusa, w furach skóra,  miejski zew
Lacoste bluza, wiecznie burza, kilka typa, jeden head
Błędy nie bolą tak bardzo, kiedy przyjaciel próbuje strzelić Ci w łeb
Dlatego nie mów o smutkach mi bo są tak głęboko
Gdy zobaczyłem jak wygląda życie już nigdy nie zaufam oczom
Jedni radzili jak kurwy, drudzy radzili proroczo
Gdy sam się będę  pchał do trumny dopiero zobaczę z czyją pomocą

Nie ma zasad w naszych blokach
Blizny krzyczą bym biegł
Narkotyki gonią młodych, oni gonią je też
Nowy dres, nowy cash, nienawidzą mnie
Za miłość ginę - Harambe
Nie ma zasad w naszych blokach
Blizny krzyczą bym biegł
Narkotyki gonią młodych, oni gonią je też
Nowy dres, nowy cash, nienawidzą mnie
Za miłość ginę - Harambe

Wiele ode mnie zależy, tak wiem
Dużo zła naprawić nie zdołałem, nie
Ta wredna karma co serce mi zdarła
Postanowiłem odpłacić się jej
Postanowiłem, że zrobię co chcę
Ale to wszystko męczy mnie
Zdrowy rozsądek kontra sumienie
Na każdej bliźnie spisane zdarzenie
Ciągle to mówili mi: "Daj se spokój"
Ty daj se spokój, jak masz się wkurwiać jak jakiś furiat
Weź rap nakurwiaj, by łeb im urwał, ej (ej, ej, ej)
Tak się porwał do tego, że aż dotarł
Tam gdzie zamierzał i teraz jest OKa
Dla mnie to wszystko, dla nich to droga
Jeszcze niezbadana, wsłuchaj się w słowa
Musiałem poczuć ten ból, aby zrozumieć ile co warte
Koka, i jointy, i w chuj poszło do dzisiaj zdrowia na marne
Czyny co ranią jak nóż, jestem jak artysta z blizną
Artysta z blizną

Nie ma zasad w naszych blokach
Blizny krzyczą bym biegł
Narkotyki gonią młodych, oni gonią je też
Nowy dres, nowy cash, nienawidzą mnie
Za miłość ginę - Harambe
Nie ma zasad w naszych blokach
Blizny krzyczą bym biegł
Narkotyki gonią młodych, oni gonią je też
Nowy dres, nowy cash, nienawidzą mnie
Za miłość ginę - Harambe

Tyle lat robiłem klatę, chciałem mieć stalowe mięśnie
Teraz zakrywam łatę, tak łatwo trafili mnie w serce
Przez miasto z jointem w ręce, kończę, drugiego kręcę
Mimo, że żyje jak chce, rany wcale nie goją się prędzej
Nie, nie, nie, nie
Nie, nie, nie, nie
Nie, nie, nie, nie
Rany wcale nie goją się prędzej
Nie, nie, nie, nie
Nie, nie, nie, nie
Nie, nie, nie, nie
(Wow, nic!)I really know how it feels to be, stressed out, stressed out
When you're face to face with your adversity
I really know how it feels to be, stressed out, stressed out
We're gonna make this thing work out eventually

Yo I ain't one to complain but there's things in the game
(What's your name?)
Consequence, I'm tight, burnt like flames
(And why's that?)
American dreams, they got this ghetto kid in a fiend
(Don't stress that cause it's not in your bloodstream)
(Your whole being, comes from greatness, d'you remember)
(Shaytan got you caught in the storms of December)
(And brothers on the block packing nines like September)
(Crazy situations keeps pockets on slender)
Yo I be on the avenue where they be actin brand new
I'm splurging on these Reebok joints for shorty boo
All of a sudden, I saw these two kids frontin'
Talking out they joints but they wasn't saying nuttin'
My hand was on my toolie they was actin unruly
(Say word) Yo word up, yo I was tight caught up
But I swallowed my pride and let that nonsense ride
Because I'm positive it seems that negative dies
Yo we was at the dice game making these cats look silly
Flamming, steady running off at the Willie
I had my cash mixed, my rent due, with my play-dough
I gotta see some loot so on my girls I blow
Shook them shits in my palm let em hit the flo'
Kept my eyeballs scoping for them pigs po-po
I got to go on the ave see my parole by fo'
But I gotta steady freak these boys like JoJo
And I was doing it, 'til I met Ike, Spike, and Mike
One roll, they had my pockets thirstier than Sprite
Yo I know the feeling, when you feeling like a villain
You be having good thoughts but the evils be revealin'
And the stresses of life can take you off the right path (no doubt)
Jealousy and envy tends to infiltrate your staff
We gotta hold it down so we can move on past
All adversities, so we can get through fast, like that

I really know how it feels to be, stressed out, stressed out
When you're face to face with your adversity
I really know how it feels to be, stressed out, stressed out
We're gonna make this thing work out eventually

You got the N.W.O. (low cash flow)
Your baby's on the way (and you don't know who)
And crosstown niggas trying to (bust at you)
Aiyyo they got me stressed out (and you don't know what to do)
So frame this Kodak black, and vision to my contact
With a poultry scrap, workers get pistol smacked
The switch-hitting Queens, niggas liquid sword spittin
With raw poppy, and now your first love is krill
Your vision of the mil got crept like Hey Lover
Tried to rise to the top, you just couldn't recover
And all I want is my laceration of the pie
To get this whipped cream before the water runs dry
Niggas flash dancing, yo, I don't know why
You're sick of snitching, she got you cruising to the pokey
Like Smokey, the stress be trying to squeeze out a homey
While I'll be trying to get star status like Shinobi
So we can build a dynasty, just like the Toby's
And all I want is the world to know my steez
These money hungry niggas is seven thirty
And got me stressed out like these frog emcees

I really know how it feels to be, stressed out, stressed out
When you're face to face with your adversity
I really know how it feels to be, stressed out, stressed out
We're gonna make this thing work out eventually

Don't worry we gon make it (gonna make it)
Don't worry we gon make it (oh yeah)
Don't worry we gon make it (gonna make it)
We gon make it (gotta make it)
Don't worry we gon make it (gotta make it)
We're gonna make it (we gotta make it)
Don't worry we gon make it (we gonna make it)
We gonna make it (oh)
Don't worry we gon make it (oh)
Don't worry we gon make it (gonna make it)
Don't worry we gon make it (oh)
We gon make it
Don't worry we gon make it
I know we gonna make it (we're gonna make it)
C'mon baby we gon make it (yeah)
We gon make it (yeah-ah)
Don't worry we gon make it (we're gonna make it)
We've gotta make it (we've gotta make it)
We've gotta make it (oh yeah)
Know we're gonna make it
We're gonna make it, gonna make it
We gotta make it, know we gonna make itAnd in the end I will show you that this life is only madness

Can we filter out the toxicity and find worth in the static?
We build and built
We forget the model
We design the madness and we paint it gold
Swarming and spiraling burning at both ends
A blur on the horizon
We fail to keep sight over and over again
Open your palms up resist the current

I am not your father's son
Lost in the static
I am not your father's son
Lost in the static
And you'll find me at the end
Come dig me up, wipe the earth from my bones
I am not your father's son
Lost in the static
I am not your father's son
Lost in the static
And you'll find me at the end
Come dig me up, wipe the earth from my bones

With pressure, we creak and we bend
Crimson feet trample our joints
We splinter and break
We suffer again
We become a path others use to take
A distant undertaking suffer the same
I'll stand right beside you
We slog side by side

Become a path others use to take
Lost in the static
Just to suffer the same

Come dig me up, wipe the earth from my bones
Hold me up and join me on the horizon
Kill what's left of the inner glow
Giving up the ghost
Growing cold
We never begin (We never begin)
Our own feet trample our joints
We burn both ends
A blur on the horizon
We become a path others use to take
A distant undertaking suffer the same
I'll stand right beside you
We slog side by side

(Lost in the static, lost in the static)
We build and build we forget the model
We design madness and paint it gold

I am not your father's son
Lost in the static
I am not your father's son
Lost in the static
And you'll find me at the end
Come dig me up, wipe the earth from my bones
I am not your father's son
Lost in the static
I am not your father's son
Lost in the static
And you'll find me at the end
Come dig me up, wipe the earth from my bonesVila i frid Paki
HvonGucci
HvonGucci på din beat len
PreGame on the fucking beat

Vi skapade leken, ska du försöka fucking leka med oss?
Vi är hetast, hur kan du vara hetare än oss?
Du är anställd, sluta leka en boss
Och min broder försvann när det ekade skott
Och jag svär på gud att det gör ont inombords
Och jag svär på gud, nu det är tomt i min ort
Ey, vad fan vet du om fucking sånt, det du gjort?
Mannen, du är inte nån i min ort
Jag har en tabbe i mitt bälte för att tabben alltid hjälper
Folk ser grabben som en hjälte men hatar grabben när han svälter
Fucka med mig, då du välter, ey, du kan inte med vårt race
Du är långt ifrån min age, mannen, det är svårt these days
Kom och testa slå mitt face, då det blir nån dålig day
Då jag lägger hål i dig, mannen, ey, förstår ni mig?
Förstår ni mig och grabbarna?
Varför vi går runt här med tabbarna, glider runt i värsta feta araban
Mannen, jalla, knulla dom här rapparna, alla dom är skitsnackare
Dyker upp på en 4-taktare, klart då att ni blir jappade
Bränner jackan, hämtar ny jacka, bre
Min rap, folk dör för den, nu det är över, len
Andra rappare förblöder, len, broder, jag från söder av söder men
Har bröder i väster som dör för en, du dör här om du försöker ens
Så testa på mina bröder, len, jag skickar zutten och jag röker den

Jag vill ej vara nån, dom vill va mig
Ainahoror, dom vill ta mig
Ingen får mig lägga av, nej
Ta något av oss då vi tar dig
Jag ska fucking bli en star, ey
Kolla bara när jag är klar, ey
Kolla bara hur jag spar, ey
Kolla, guzzen liknar Cardi

Uh, samma grabbar, andra tabbar
Bilen sladdar, muschten laddar
Brorsan kladdar, guzzar gaggar
Guzzen babblar, hon har pattar
Dina guzzar, dom är platta
Nu du fattar att jag fuckar dom som snackar
Aina lackar så dom kommer och dom knackar
När vi samlas då dom backar
Till min mamma bror jag tackar
Shoutout mamma, shoutout pappa
Står i trakten, delar klappar
Står i båset och jag rappar
Jointar liknar istappar
Aina tror det här är fotboll
Kommer och dom glidtacklar
Ändrar flow, hon går ner
Hämta blow, jag på scen
Det blir show, alla vet
Du är broke, era låtar får mig somna
Mina varor får dig domna
Har en guzz som får mig komma, kallar henne för Madonna
Röda sulor mannen, kommer dit där du bor, mannen
Skotten flyger ut bror, mannen
Som det vore duvor, mannen, ey
Sen vi gatsh på en gilera
Det är latch, vi hämtar sedlar
Det finns hasch och det finns stenar
Vi är fast och det jag menar

Jag vill ej vara nån, dom vill va mig
Ainahoror, dom vill ta mig
Ingen får mig lägga av, nej
Ta något av oss då vi tar dig
Jag ska fucking bli en star, ey
Kolla bara när jag är klar, ey
Kolla bara hur jag spar, ey
Kolla, guzzen liknar Cardi
Jag vill ej vara nån, dom vill va mig
Ainahoror, dom vill ta mig
Ingen får mig lägga av, nej
Ta något av oss då vi tar dig
Jag ska fucking bli en star, ey
Kolla bara när jag är klar, ey
Kolla bara hur jag spar, ey
Kolla, guzzen liknar CardiJungle Rule - can't be no fool
Jungle Rule - can't be no fool
(I needed a little taste to that)

Twisting joints like a contortionist
Laid in the Porsche
My father driving
Days been sunny since I started rhyming
No denying me; I'm known to keep a fresh foot like podiatry
Nobody high as me
Green Timbs, in Vegas I'm like Steve Wynn
At the same time, fellatio from three twins
Those are triplets; I've been wilding since the Rabbi snipped it
Then they laughed, and ate brisket, fuck!
On my behalf, he had a meeting at the Neptune
Had little daddy hide the heater in the restroom
Guns drawn like my bath by my lady friend
Mesothelioma money: drop Mercedes-Benz
And I ain't never left, you know I'm still here
Spit the shit to bring a cripple out the wheelchair
Bite a bitch like George Whipple in the stair case
Long as she got big nipples and a tan face

Jungle Rule - can't be no fool
(Yeah, you're in the concrete right now)
Devil is on the loose, no coop

Foul living like Sandusky and Paterno
I've been husky, motherfuckers couldn't touch me
'Lo rugby with an Asian model so ugly
Celebration 1987, no bubbly
Facially, I'm like a young John Kennedy
More obscenity; EBT in Genovese
Go to Ock, get 70 for 100
I want the 75 from Ocky but he fronted
Take the money, cop 5 dimes, 2 chicken sandwiches, 9 limes
For the Canada Dry; pose for the cameras by the banister, "Hi"
In the summer, rock the vest set – Salmon Kani
Flex the three-quarter cream Fi's
We some esteemed Gs; steamed red snapper – Vietnamese
Catch a case, get a Jewish lawyer, beat it with cheese
Fuck the beef cause it don't go together, read em and weep
It's very easy, make you disappear now, kid
Make your paper, but you need to stay grounded
Eyes wide like a chick that got the dick in the butt
We're out here, trying to get the money, baby, live it up

Talk about me if you please, but I must be Hercules
Hercules
I must be Hercules!*Scat*
And she says she needs more than a friend
That's all I ever been, yo
Well one day you gon' overstand (*scat*)
And I remember the first time that we met, yo
How could I forget ya?
When you smiled
And I turned and I said to you
"Yo, you pure and true."

I'm in love with you, in love with you
I'm in love with you, in love with you
I'm in love with you, in love with you
I'm in love with you, in love with you, yeah
I'm so in love baby
I don't care what your mama say
Standing in love lady
And I don't care what your sister say
(*Scat*)
I need ya

He said he's really diggin me
I don't know what to say
I can't imagine why I feel so weak, say, say
That's when he took my heart in his hands
And kissed it gently
He open up his lips then said this poetry:

"I'm in love with you, love with you
Love with you, love with you
Love with you, love with you
Love with you, love with you
I'm so in love baby
I don't care what your brothers say, no
I'm so in love baby
I don't care what the people say."

Well I try and I try, and I try and I try
(And I try and I try, and I try and I try)

And you said you need more than a friend
That's all I've ever been yo
Well one day you gon' overstand (*Scat*)

And when I look In your eyes
I know that you were meant to be
My solider so baby come on
I mean it desperately

(I'm in love with you, love with you)
I'm in love with you, in love with you
(No see I'm in love with you, love with you)
No, no, no I'm in love with you, in love with you

(I'm so in love baby
I don't care what the people say)
I'm so in love lady
And I don't care what your teacher say
(I'm so in love baby
I don't care what the writers say)
*Scat*
(I try, I try, I try
I try, I try, I try)
(You in love with me)
You in love with me
(No you in love with me)
No, no, no you in love with me
(No see you in love with me)
No, no, no you in love with me
(No you think you in love with me)
No, no, no you in love with me
(I know you're in love with me)
No, no, no you in love with me
(Alright I'm in love with you)
Yes I'm in love you
(I'm in love with you)
And I'm in love with you
(I'm in love with you)
I'm in love with you
(I'm in love with you)
I'm in love with you
(*Joint Scat*)
Yes I'm in love with you
Yes I'm in love with youSwimming in a snifter
Pretty as a picture
Don't get it twisted man, her bite is a bitch
You can name, you can keep her
But take care when you feed her
You never can take the fight out the fish
Chomping at the drill bit
Never one to still sit
You can test my metal with a magnet and some tin snips
Ink test all I see is canines and some wing tips
Pilot pen in pocket I'm riding instinct and Ink jets
Around here we don't like talk of big dreams
To stand out is a pride, a conceit
To aim high is to make waves to split seams
But that's not what it seems like to me
Cause I wanna try I wanna risk
And I don't wanna walk, rather swing and miss
I'm not above apologies but I don't ask permission
Got a lot of imperfections but I don't count my ambition in em

Zeno's Arrow never hits the mark
It's always hanging there over its shadow
Safe from battle, waste of arch-
Er's time and trouble
Waste of effort, waste of parts
If you don't aim for the center it's a waste of the art

I didn't come looking for love
I didn't come to pick a fight
I didn't come to wave or take pictures
Pander to some benefactor, ring on every broken finger
Won't extend my wings to be clipped
I know the culture here is to stay humble but shit
If we all go round bowed heads, button-lipped
If none of us go for the bell, then who is?
My mother says I've loved too many men
But I took and left something in every single bed
The rook can look left, right—just turns his head
But the knight might rise up, investigate the grid
Gender, genre, guess I'm on one
Bent both
Just the constructs of the old world
Gone broke
Women, children let me tell you
I've been both
And it's a myth we all swim for the life boats
I didn't come looking for love
I didn't come looking for a fight
I come here every night to work
And you can grab an axe, man
Or you can step aside

Zeno's Arrow never hits the mark
It's always hanging there over its shadow
Safe from battle, waste of arch-
Er's time and trouble
Waste of effort, waste of parts
If you don't aim for the center it's a waste of the art

Self taught, self made, bet, self styled
Self saw, self came, self took island of converts
To conquer is old school
We marching in Converse
Just armed with our own tools
While my knees still flex
While my joints hold steady
Mind sharp, spine straight
Chucks laced ready
I travel by kite, travel light
At touchdown
I swallowed the dice
I make my own luck now

Zeno's Arrow never hits the mark
It's always hanging there over its own shadow in the dark
Its own shadow in the darkUnd deine Bitch weiß, ich fick gleich
Und hab in meinem Dick Power
Neben Burj Khalifa sieht er aus wie sein Twin Tower
Und wieso ich mit den Bastarden Beef hab?
Weil sie mehr auf Gangster machen als ein Knasttätowierer
Farid Bang, sprich mich mit "Eure Hoheit" an
Denn ich bin der Typ, der nach dem Sex aus Gewohnheit zahlt
Ich koks zwei Gramm und werde Bitches klatschen
Wenn sie während der Fernsehwerbung dazwischen quatschen
Rapper gehen zum Major, denn sie sind unbekannt
Werden fame, doch riechen aus dem Mund nach Schwanz
Das ist dein Untergang, heute kriegst du in die Fresse
Und du hältst den Rand wie ein Nichtschwimmer im Becken
Stichsichere Weste hab ich in meinem Kofferraum
Und Siggi, wieso sieht dein Dick wie eine Pommes aus
Ich fick deine Fotzen-Frau, gib ihr im Mercedes Schwanz
Summer Cem, Farid Bang, Tag-Team, ein Leben lang

Was ihr braucht, damit ich etwas gegen eure Mütter sage?
Ein bisschen Flow und einen Künstlernamen
Nur weil auf meinem Brötchen Helal-Schinken war
Stellen sie mich als Salafisten dar

Es ist wieder so weit, das ist Mafia-Musik
Helal-Money-Gang, welcher Bastard will Beef?
Ich bin immer noch nicht müde, selbst nach 8 Jahren Krieg
Summer Cem, Farid Bang, Mafia-Musik
Das ist Mafia-Musik, Mafia-Musik
Das Malatya-Prinzip, fuck la Police
Mafia-Musik, Mafia-Musik
Zieh den Kopf ein, wenn der Kanakk aus dem Lastwagen schießt

Sie nennen mich Doktor Sommer
Auch wenn mir der Doktortitel fehlt
Banger-Musik, deutscher Rap ist für mich offenes Buffet
Rapper tun, als ob sie Knete haben und die Gewehre laden
Und schwören auf Koran, bevor sie ihn gelesen haben
Ah, ich lauf mit Vollbart durch Amerika
Deine dicke Kette ist nicht aus Gold, sondern aus Edelstahl
Auch wenn mir mein Feind vor Gericht über den Weg läuft
Werd' ich dichthalten wie Haze-Joints
Und mein Name bringt Bordell-Fotzen zum Blasen
Rapper fahren nur 'nen Kombi um Hotelkosten zu sparen
Mein Schwanz macht den Teenie-Mösen sorgen
Denn er entspricht in etwa der Zucchini-Größenordnung
Klar, dass sich die Kohle gerade häuft
Oğlum, bei mir läuft, ich fick jeden Rapper, der mich in der Promo-Phase kreuzt
Lade nochmal nach und gebe meiner Uzi Futter
Summer Cem, Farid Bang, Turban im Gucci-Muster

Was ihr braucht, damit ich etwas gegen eure Mütter sage?
Ein bisschen Flow und einen Künstlernamen
Nur weil auf meinem Brötchen Helal-Schinken war
Stellen sie mich als Salafisten dar

Es ist wieder so weit, das ist Mafia-Musik
Helal-Money-Gang, welcher Bastard will Beef?
Ich bin immer noch nicht müde, selbst nach 8 Jahren Krieg
Summer Cem, Farid Bang, Mafia-Musik
Das ist Mafia-Musik, Mafia-Musik
Das Malatya-Prinzip, fuck la Police
Mafia-Musik, Mafia-Musik
Zieh den Kopf ein, wenn der Kanakk aus dem Lastwagen schießtOk mes shegueys, voilà, on est en 2015
Jeudi 1er janvier, 15h45, bonne année à tous mes shegueys. Révélation de l'année 2014, j'vous remercie.
Pour vous remercier, on va vous faire un petit freestyle en léger, en attendant "L'Homme Au Bob".
Ça arrive, c'est léger, c'est léger et c'est léger

J'reste toujours le même depuis l'époque des bobs coste-La
Débarque chez les Bleus on fout la merde comme Diego Costa
J'suis arrivé un peu tard dans l'game un peu comme Drogba
Nique sa mère négro j'leur mets la putain d'frappe à Pogba
À Pogba, déter au combat
Ma vie s'éclaircit comme la peau d'Fally Ipupa
Bientôt l'album petit fils de bourge tu vas l'acheter ou télécharger
Dans tous les cas j'm'en branle car j'continuerai à faire des shows et prendre mon cachet
Mettre du vert dans des sachets, lunettes Vuitton ou Versace
Dans le cul d'ta sœur on est passés, casé allez hop on a craché
Lacrim, Niro dans le bum-al, boom j'sens qu'ça va faire mal
Casse-ded à mes shegueys d'Roubaix à Hem
Mets que des crochets comme Hatem
Ben Arfa, Hatem, NVR, c'est ça l'thème
Lui la mettre, dans son fion, au rap game, c'est ça qu'j'aime
C'est ça qu'j'aime, enculé (enculé)
Va leur dire à tous ces bâtards qu'on est, qu'on est pas morts nigga
"L'Homme Au Bob" il arrive 2015 il cassera des têtes
On fait peur à tous tes piliers ouais bah ouais mon nigga
Comme Schwarzenegger, 59 mon nigga
Que des rafales de flow, et j'dis que d'la merde
Et j'm'en bats les couilles mon sheguey
Car même ta pute bouge la tête
J'appelle mes frères au hebs, ils tractionnent sur du Gradur
Et j'appelle mes frères au tieks, ils bédavent des gros joints d'pure
Bah ouais sheguey en léger, on fait kiffer la ue-r
Et même les fils de bourges dans l'seizième ils kiffent en sniffant d'la pure
Ils kiffent en sniffant d'la pure ouais ouais ils kiffent en sniffant d'la pure
Ils kiffent en sniffant d'la pure ils vont acheter l'album de Gradur

P’tit freestyle enculé
2.0.15, l’album il arrive
Ok, en léger
Bana kini, bana koto
L’album est zoya, nakala mingi te
243 toujours, on m’a dit samboka
Ok, l’album il arrive bientôt
Nao zela, naya na Kin
Tomona ba vrai sheguey, na vrai kuluna
Naye bi kakako, Koffi Olomidé, Papa Wemba, Reddy Amisi
Bah ouais mon frère, c’est l’pays mon pote
On s’en branle du reste, 243 jusqu’à dead
Sheguey Squaad
"L’Homme Au Bob" il arrive mes reubeus mes négros mes babtous
Mes nois-chi même
Ça arrive, 2.0.15
Eh monsieur l’colonel, du 40
Tu peux garder ma pesette et ma beuh enculé
Fous la toi dans l’cul
J’me lève plus à six heures du matin maintenant
J’fais des grasses mat’ enculé
Vive le rap, fuck le rap game
Sheguey SquaadMon amour, mon amour

On a frôlé la mort, frôlé l'amour
Tu connais mes remords, hein, mon amour ?
'Tain, j'ai le mord pour nous, mon amour
Je t'aime à mort, à vie, mon amour
On a failli s'aimer, failli se détester
Nos cœurs comme des montgolfières, fallait les délester
Mais retour en arrière sous un soleil d'été
Les mains jointes, nos âmes se disent : "Namaste"
Et les pupilles amoureuses comme sous LSD
On s'aime le L, les MM, le J et le VSD
Mais, un jour, quelle idée, j'ai fait le canidé
J'ai égaré ma carte de fidélité
Avide comme un ado, les bourses pleines (les poches vides)
Le phone sonne, les gos s'plaignent en 'scred' (j'raccroche vite)
Syndrome du sale môme qui n'vit qu'par envie
J'remercie Dieu pour cet amour encore en vie

Ma Kadija
Kadija
Ma Kadija
Ma Kadija
Bénis, bénis, bénis, merci le Ciel
L'amour en compte à rebours, c'est pour les couples à la mode
Bénis, bénis, bénis, mon ange-gardienne
Mon garde du cœur, je t'aime encore

On a faillit se haïr, j'ai fait le saï-saï
J'étais là, ébahi, quand t'as dit : "Bye bye"
Mais t'as c'que tu mérites parce que t'as lie, lie
J'me croyais infaillible, mais j'ai des failles graves
Retour en arrière sous une pluie d'été
Mon âme cherchait la tienne pour dire : "Namaste"
Mais, ton cœur méfiant, celui qu'j'ai dévasté
Maintenant, surveillera tout, comme la DST
Et Dieu sait comment j'me suis détesté
Vaniteux dans ma bonté, lâche dans ma méchanceté
Nos âmes chancelantes, le démon riait lentement
Trahison tranchante, faudra plus qu'un pansement
Des peurs funestes, des promesses célestes
Quand le Diable de nos cœurs faisait son festin
Mais les anges, en guest, ont rejoint la fête
Toi et moi, les mains jointes, portons le destin

Ma Kadija
Kadija
Ma Kadija
Ma Kadija
Bénis, bénis, bénis, merci le Ciel
L'amour en compte à rebours, c'est pour, les couples à la mode
Bénis, bénis, bénis, mon ange-gardienne
Mon garde du cœur, je t'aime encore

Je veux prier avec toi, ma nébuleuse
Faire mon chapelet avec toi, ma nébuleuse
Égraine entre nos doigts, ma nébuleuse
Égrainer la foi, ma nébuleuse
Tu es ma Kadija, ma nébuleuse
Tu m'as aimé quatre fois, ma nébuleuse
Tu es mon sol, tu es mon toit, ma nébuleuse
Mon ancre et mon compas, ma nébuleuse
Mon garde-fou, mon cadenas, ma nébuleuse
Au final, mon unique choix, ma nébuleuse
Je veux mourir avec toi, ma nébuleuse
Tu es un manteau pour moi, ma nébuleuse

Ma Kadija
Ma Kadija
Ma Kadija
Ma KadijaDziś idziemy na melanż i będziemy śpiewać i chlać
Nikt nigdy nie wybierał tej drogi
Ta choroba dość dawno dopadła nas
Zbiera się powoli, banda wnosi:
Torby, jointy, bongi, wiadra, rudą, wódę, browar i szampan
Napierdolimy się dzisiaj; flat line
Zapomnij o telefonach do narzeczonej
Od razu nastaw ją już na to że dziś będzie wleczone
Wyłącz dzwonek w iPhone'ie ziomek
Bo rozpierdolę ci go na głowie
Nie ma tematu kobiet
Powiedz swojej starej że wracamy dopiero we wtorek
Polej prędko, pora jebnąć
Poranek nie ma prawa nas dorwać trzeźwo
Wali mnie pogoda na zewnątrz
Skoro wstaniemy kiedy już dawno będzie ciemno
Czego się spodziewałeś po nas... Wino? Kulturalna rozmowa?
Popijemy drinkiem czystą, drinka czystą
Potem odpalamy gibona
Tutaj nakurwia metal, dudni rap
Od dwóch dni garujemy jak ruski łagr
Brudne łachy, durny żart
Który znowu skurwiel odkręcił gaz?
Co za pierdolony pojeb
Jebie gazem już na pokoje
Wpadam do kuchni, a w ciągu sekundy ten debil podpala płomień!

To my piękni, młodzi, niewyspani
Melanż git, film od Łodzi do Warszawy
Spytaj ziomali, gdzie się podziały tamte prywatki
Picie dwa dni i kace giganty
W 3 dupy zrobieni na perłowo
Be stupid, walę lodową i samogon
Bo mam hajs, fantazję i technikę
Polskie Karate – poznaj śmiertelny cios w szyję

Oh my gosh gospodarz najebany w klapkach
Parka okupuje tapczan, co za najba bom biri baj baj
Wypalilimy pach pach, zapalili blanta - kozacki Afgan
Wydzwaniam Jaśka, darcie japska
Wjeżdża tu cały najebany tramwaj
Nawciągany bałwan odkręcił gaz na maxa
Zaraz wpadnie psiarnia, w godzinę załatwia
To zbyt wczuta sąsiadka, dygi dygi ding dong
Kurwa kitrajcie piwsko, ktoś skacze przez okno
Inny rzyga pod dywan, Ave Maryja
Scenarzyści Kac Wawa, amatorzy melanży
Gdyby byli tu dzisiaj Raczek wypadłby z kapci
Walę z wiadra - klub teleportacja
Szampan na blat, kamera, akcja
La Dolce Vita, witam, witam
Ty i koleżanka, ale zostawcie karła
W 3 dupy najebani, mechanizm zadziałał
Drink w jacuzzi bum sia la la la la
Dzwonisz kochana, nie, nie musiałaś
To czas na finał.Chłopaki gdzie łycha
Bo wjeżdża kac gigant!


Wybacz mą charyzmę, wódka, szprycer
Nie wóda, a bimber, gówno widzę,
Masz wydziarane plecy, ale bajer *kurwa aśnaebaem*
Bawi się tu dzisiaj chyba cała Polska;
Tylko jedna, pojebana czarna owca;
Rado, dawaj, dojedziemy tego bananowca!
Zaraz skończy z pizdą; Anna Grodzka
Jeszcze tylko walnę drina
Potem robimy tu bydło; Argentyna
Gwiżdżę na bramkę jak Collina,
Wymowne gesty; pantomima
Na horyzoncie dres i agresja;
Jebane mutanty - nerki na piersiach
Luzik panowie! Spoko, dobra?
Nie szukamy guza, to nie onkologia!
Zmieniam lokację, stoję z batatem
Walnę w kimono; polskie karate
Ale forma w tańcu jest znakomita
Ty weź się posuń; hermafrodyta
Skumaj wygibasy tej ekipy Jarka
Zdzieramy tu parkiet; cykliniarka
Typy pod ścianą? dramat w tańcu
Co to za gibanie? ściana płaczu?
Mało drinów - chcę następne!
Jeden shot przy barze; 52dębiec
Nie zamykaj mała drzwi, wcześnie będę
You know what I mean, bejbe bejbe;
Pokaż mi co pijesz, znam się na tym
A powiem ci kim jesteś; akinator
Jak wymiękasz i wracasz, to jedno wiem
Z domu puść głuchego; Beethoven


Boom! Odlot
Kokodżambo, bajabongo
Jeden palił, drugi wciągnął
Oczy jak z TVNu Mongoł
Biorę zwałkę, serek roquefort
Chyba puszczę bąka mordą
Sweter w serek ujeię, nie dziele się z nikim, om nom nom!
Idę odlać się w doniczkę
A co robi reszta - leją czystej
Chyba jestem miękki - pewno rzygnę
Czekam dwie kolejki; Eurobiznes!
Tydzień na kacu, sądzę tak bo już nie widzę chłopaków
Idę na balkon i ściskam parapet, bo boję się latać jak B. A. Baracus
Wychodzi dupa na peta, wódz plemienia albo coś
Mocny makijaż, oko na medal, biała tapeta O ło ło
Minęliśmy chyba się kiedyś na studiach gdzieś
Dzieci nie bójcie się pytać - a więc pytam: Ruchasz się?
A ona żebym spierdalał i na kolanach całował po stopach
Jestem kutasem, jej facet ma pasy karate i o, wychodzi z klopa
Tym samym przepraszam, przyszedł jej fagas i był zły
Zrobił się raban i w sumie zaraz tu mnie poskłada; wigry 3
Tak na mnie nagadał, że boli barbara
Że baran, fujara, kanalia jebana
I zrobi z Hamana Kofana Anana i jeb... *motherfucker*La grosse chatte à ta mère en pièce jointe
Tu roules en Féfé sur les Champs, moi j'préfère marcher pieds nus sur la Terre Sainte
Faire disque d'or avec du rap hardcore, c'est dur comme déboucher des chiottes avec un cintre
Faut crier pour que ces porcs t'écoutent, soit tu portes tes couilles, soit tu portes plainte
Les gars du crew attendent l'heure de gloire, Marc Dutroux attend l'heure de pointe
J'rappe pour mes fumeurs de zat' et mes buveurs d'absinthe
T'es maquillée comme une voiture volée, ta mère la tainp', hein
C'est pas un chirurgien qu'il te faut, c'est un peintre
Ouais la rapta m'esquinte, je suis la version blanche de Despo
Cherche pas à savoir si on a de la blanche de dispo
Plus j'aime les femmes, plus j'aime les chiennes, qu'en pense le véto ?
Qu'la RATP me suce avec sa bouche de métro
Sale est le propos, schlag est le loss-bo
Mon disque d'or fondu sur ton crâne à la Khal Drogo

Faites du bruit pour mon Val d'Oseille
Le roro j'le porte à merveille
Ramène tes MC's j'prends n'importe lequel
Les punchlines j'en ai à la pelle
Faites du bruit pour mon Val d'Oseille
Faites du bruit pour mon Val d'Oseille
Faites du bruit pour mon Val d'Oseille
Faites du bruit pour mon Val d'Oseille

Un flingue avec long canon dans mon pantalon (bang bang)
Tu ressembles plus à une 'tasse qu'à Pocahon'
Les schlags veulent la galette mais pas les santons, je suis pas venu là pour parler 100 ans
J'fais des provisions sans chèque, des chèques sans provisions
Les matons c'est des bâtards, téma la tête qu'ils ont
Il pleut des cordes, il fait un temps à s'évader d'prison
Ouais, j'suis un papillon, mais j'veux pas de ta chatte en fleur
J'fais le poirier quand j'pleure pour qu'les larmes coulent vers l'intérieur
Les MC's viennent chez moi passer l'aspirateur
J'suis sûr qu'ils étaient pédés dans une vie antérieure
Reste à ta place de gentil rappeur ou ton clash va t'péter à la gueule
Comme après avoir chié sur un ventilateur

Faites du bruit pour mon Val d'Oseille
Le roro j'le porte à merveille
Ramène tes MC's j'prends n'importe lequel
Les punchlines j'en ai à la pelle
Faites du bruit pour mon Val d'Oseille
Faites du bruit pour mon Val d'Oseille
Faites du bruit pour mon Val d'Oseille
Faites du bruit pour mon Val d'Oseille

J'te baise pas j'me branle avec ton corps, c'est pas pareil
On porte pas d'American Apparel, j'ai l'même vice que les Ritals à Palerme
T'es une chienne mais t'en as pas l'air, suce mon génital appareil
Fais-moi une pipe au miel sur la bite, j'ai une abeille
Ma question préférée : qu'est-ce que je vais faire de toutes ces bouteilles ?
On sort le pastis comme à Marseille, trous de bastos dans le marcel
Hommage aux daronnes qui balayent
On sort des couplets tah les bootlegs de Harlem
Le poto sort du shtar alors on paie les té-teilles
Demain c'est le ramdam on sort le bered atay
Aujourd'hui t'as du buzz, demain t'en as plus, c'est comme l'oseille
Pète pas plus haut que ton cul ou t'auras d'la merde derrière les oreilles

Faites du bruit pour mon Val d'Oseille
Le roro j'le porte à merveille
Ramène tes MC's j'prends n'importe lequel
Les punchlines j'en ai à la pelle
Faites du bruit pour mon Val d'Oseille
Faites du bruit pour mon Val d'Oseille
Faites du bruit pour mon Val d'Oseille
Faites du bruit pour mon Val d'OseilleJOHN, by the grace of God King of England, Lord of Ireland, Duke of Normandy and Aquitaine, and Count of Anjou, to his archbishops, bishops, abbots, earls, barons, justices, foresters, sheriffs, stewards, servants, and to all his officials and loyal subjects, Greeting
KNOW THAT BEFORE GOD, for the health of our soul and those of our ancestors and heirs, to the honour of God, the exaltation of the holy Church, and the better ordering of our kingdom, at the advice of our reverend fathers Stephen, archbishop of Canterbury, primate of all England, and cardinal of the holy Roman Church, Henry archbishop of Dublin, William bishop of London, Peter bishop of Winchester, Jocelin bishop of Bath and Glastonbury, Hugh bishop of Lincoln, Walter Bishop of Worcester, William bishop of Coventry, Benedict bishop of Rochester, Master Pandulf subdeacon and member of the papal household, Brother Aymeric master of the knighthood of the Temple in England, William Marshal earl of Pembroke, William earl of Salisbury, William earl of Warren, William earl of Arundel, Alan de Galloway constable of Scotland, Warin Fitz Gerald, Peter Fitz Herbert, Hubert de Burgh seneschal of Poitou, Hugh de Neville, Matthew Fitz Herbert, Thomas Basset, Alan Basset, Philip Daubeny, Robert de Roppeley, John Marshal, John Fitz Hugh, and other loyal subjects:
+ (1) FIRST, THAT WE HAVE GRANTED TO GOD, and by this present charter have confirmed for us and our heirs in perpetuity, that the English Church shall be free, and shall have its rights undiminished, and its liberties unimpaired. That we wish this so to be observed, appears from the fact that of our own free will, before the outbreak of the present dispute between us and our barons, we granted and confirmed by charter the freedom of the Church's elections - a right reckoned to be of the greatest necessity and importance to it - and caused this to be confirmed by Pope Innocent III. This freedom we shall observe ourselves, and desire to be observed in good faith by our heirs in perpetuity
TO ALL FREE MEN OF OUR KINGDOM we have also granted, for us and our heirs for ever, all the liberties written out below, to have and to keep for them and their heirs, of us and our heirs:
(2) If any earl, baron, or other person that holds lands directly of the Crown, for military service, shall die, and at his death his heir shall be of full age and owe a 'relief', the heir shall have his inheritance on payment of the ancient scale of 'relief'. That is to say, the heir or heirs of an earl shall pay £100 for the entire earl's barony, the heir or heirs of a knight l00s. at most for the entire knight's 'fee', and any man that owes less shall pay less, in accordance with the ancient usage of 'fees'
(3) But if the heir of such a person is under age and a ward, when he comes of age he shall have his inheritance without 'relief' or fine
(4) The guardian of the land of an heir who is under age shall take from it only reasonable revenues, customary dues, and feudal services. He shall do this without destruction or damage to men or property. If we have given the guardianship of the land to a sheriff, or to any person answerable to us for the revenues, and he commits destruction or damage, we will exact compensation from him, and the land shall be entrusted to two worthy and prudent men of the same 'fee', who shall be answerable to us for the revenues, or to the person to whom we have assigned them. If we have given or sold to anyone the guardianship of such land, and he causes destruction or damage, he shall lose the guardianship of it, and it shall be handed over to two worthy and prudent men of the same 'fee', who shall be similarly answerable to us
(5) For so long as a guardian has guardianship of such land, he shall maintain the houses, parks, fish preserves, ponds, mills, and everything else pertaining to it, from the revenues of the land itself. When the heir comes of age, he shall restore the whole land to him, stocked with plough teams and such implements of husbandry as the season demands and the revenues from the land can reasonably bear
(6) Heirs may be given in marriage, but not to someone of lower social standing. Before a marriage takes place, it shall be' made known to the heir's next-of-kin
(7) At her husband's death, a widow may have her marriage portion and inheritance at once and without trouble. She shall pay nothing for her dower, marriage portion, or any inheritance that she and her husband held jointly on the day of his death. She may remain in her husband's house for forty days after his death, and within this period her dower shall be assigned to her
(8) No widow shall be compelled to marry, so long as she wishes to remain without a husband. But she must give security that she will not marry without royal consent, if she holds her lands of the Crown, or without the consent of whatever other lord she may hold them of
(9) Neither we nor our officials will seize any land or rent in payment of a debt, so long as the debtor has movable goods sufficient to discharge the debt. A debtor's sureties shall not be distrained upon so long as the debtor himself can discharge his debt. If, for lack of means, the debtor is unable to discharge his debt, his sureties shall be answerable for it. If they so desire, they may have the debtor's lands and rents until they have received satisfaction for the debt that they paid for him, unless the debtor can show that he has settled his obligations to them
* (10) If anyone who has borrowed a sum of money from Jews dies before the debt has been repaid, his heir shall pay no interest on the debt for so long as he remains under age, irrespective of whom he holds his lands. If such a debt falls into the hands of the Crown, it will take nothing except the principal sum specified in the bond
* (11) If a man dies owing money to Jews, his wife may have her dower and pay nothing towards the debt from it. If he leaves children that are under age, their needs may also be provided for on a scale appropriate to the size of his holding of lands. The debt is to be paid out of the residue, reserving the service due to his feudal lords. Debts owed to persons other than Jews are to be dealt with similarly
* (12) No 'scutage' or 'aid' may be levied in our kingdom without its general consent, unless it is for the ransom of our person, to make our eldest son a knight, and (once) to marry our eldest daughter. For these purposes ouly a reasonable 'aid' may be levied. 'Aids' from the city of London are to be treated similarly
+ (13) The city of London shall enjoy all its ancient liberties and free customs, both by land and by water. We also will and grant that all other cities, boroughs, towns, and ports shall enjoy all their liberties and free customs
* (14) To obtain the general consent of the realm for the assessment of an 'aid' - except in the three cases specified above - or a 'scutage', we will cause the archbishops, bishops, abbots, earls, and greater barons to be summoned individually by letter. To those who hold lands directly of us we will cause a general summons to be issued, through the sheriffs and other officials, to come together on a fixed day (of which at least forty days notice shall be given) and at a fixed place. In all letters of summons, the cause of the summons will be stated. When a summons has been issued, the business appointed for the day shall go forward in accordance with the resolution of those present, even if not all those who were summoned have appeared
* (15) In future we will allow no one to levy an 'aid' from his free men, except to ransom his person, to make his eldest son a knight, and (once) to marry his eldest daughter. For these purposes only a reasonable 'aid' may be levied
(16) No man shall be forced to perform more service for a knight's 'fee', or other free holding of land, than is due from it
(17) Ordinary lawsuits shall not follow the royal court around, but shall be held in a fixed place
(18) Inquests of novel disseisin, mort d'ancestor, and darrein presentment shall be taken only in their proper county court. We ourselves, or in our absence abroad our chief justice, will send two justices to each county four times a year, and these justices, with four knights of the county elected by the county itself, shall hold the assizes in the county court, on the day and in the place where the court meets
(19) If any assizes cannot be taken on the day of the county court, as many knights and freeholders shall afterwards remain behind, of those who have attended the court, as will suffice for the administration of justice, having regard to the volume of business to be done
(20) For a trivial offence, a free man shall be fined only in proportion to the degree of his offence, and for a serious offence correspondingly, but not so heavily as to deprive him of his livelihood. In the same way, a merchant shall be spared his merchandise, and a husbandman the implements of his husbandry, if they fall upon the mercy of a royal court. None of these fines shall be imposed except by the assessment on oath of reputable men of the neighbourhood
(21) Earls and barons shall be fined only by their equals, and in proportion to the gravity of their offence
(22) A fine imposed upon the lay property of a clerk in holy orders shall be assessed upon the same principles, without reference to the value of his ecclesiastical benefice
(23) No town or person shall be forced to build bridges over rivers except those with an ancient obligation to do so
(24) No sheriff, constable, coroners, or other royal officials are to hold lawsuits that should be held by the royal justices
* (25) Every county, hundred, wapentake, and tithing shall remain at its ancient rent, without increase, except the royal demesne manors
(26) If at the death of a man who holds a lay 'fee' of the Crown, a sheriff or royal official produces royal letters patent of summons for a debt due to the Crown, it shall be lawful for them to seize and list movable goods found in the lay 'fee' of the dead man to the value of the debt, as assessed by worthy men. Nothing shall be removed until the whole debt is paid, when the residue shall be given over to the executors to carry out the dead man s will. If no debt is due to the Crown, all the movable goods shall be regarded as the property of the dead man, except the reasonable shares of his wife and children
* (27) If a free man dies intestate, his movable goods are to be distributed by his next-of-kin and friends, under the supervision of the Church. The rights of his debtors are to be preserved
(28) No constable or other royal official shall take corn or other movable goods from any man without immediate payment, unless the seller voluntarily offers postponement of this
(29) No constable may compel a knight to pay money for castle-guard if the knight is willing to undertake the guard in person, or with reasonable excuse to supply some other fit man to do it. A knight taken or sent on military service shall be excused from castle-guard for the period of this servlce
(30) No sheriff, royal official, or other person shall take horses or carts for transport from any free man, without his consent
(31) Neither we nor any royal official will take wood for our castle, or for any other purpose, without the consent of the owner
(32) We will not keep the lands of people convicted of felony in our hand for longer than a year and a day, after which they shall be returned to the lords of the 'fees' concerned
(33) All fish-weirs shall be removed from the Thames, the Medway, and throughout the whole of England, except on the sea coast
(34) The writ called precipe shall not in future be issued to anyone in respect of any holding of land, if a free man could thereby be deprived of the right of trial in his own lord's court
(35) There shall be standard measures of wine, ale, and corn (the London quarter), throughout the kingdom. There shall also be a standard width of dyed cloth, russett, and haberject, namely two ells within the selvedges. Weights are to be standardised similarly
(36) In future nothing shall be paid or accepted for the issue of a writ of inquisition of life or limbs. It shall be given gratis, and not refused
(37) If a man holds land of the Crown by 'fee-farm', 'socage', or 'burgage', and also holds land of someone else for knight's service, we will not have guardianship of his heir, nor of the land that belongs to the other person's 'fee', by virtue of the 'fee-farm', 'socage', or 'burgage', unless the 'fee-farm' owes knight's service. We will not have the guardianship of a man's heir, or of land that he holds of someone else, by reason of any small property that he may hold of the Crown for a service of knives, arrows, or the like
(38) In future no official shall place a man on trial upon his own unsupported statement, without producing credible witnesses to the truth of it
+ (39) No free man shall be seized or imprisoned, or stripped of his rights or possessions, or outlawed or exiled, or deprived of his standing in any other way, nor will we proceed with force against him, or send others to do so, except by the lawful judgement of his equals or by the law of the land
+ (40) To no one will we sell, to no one deny or delay right or justice
(41) All merchants may enter or leave England unharmed and without fear, and may stay or travel within it, by land or water, for purposes of trade, free from all illegal exactions, in accordance with ancient and lawful customs. This, however, does not apply in time of war to merchants from a country that is at war with us. Any such merchants found in our country at the outbreak of war shall be detained without injury to their persons or property, until we or our chief justice have discovered how our own merchants are being treated in the country at war with us. If our own merchants are safe they shall be safe too
* (42) In future it shall be lawful for any man to leave and return to our kingdom unharmed and without fear, by land or water, preserving his allegiance to us, except in time of war, for some short period, for the common benefit of the realm. People that have been imprisoned or outlawed in accordance with the law of the land, people from a country that is at war with us, and merchants - who shall be dealt with as stated above - are excepted from this provision
(43) If a man holds lands of any 'escheat' such as the 'honour' of Wallingford, Nottingham, Boulogne, Lancaster, or of other 'escheats' in our hand that are baronies, at his death his heir shall give us only the 'relief' and service that he would have made to the baron, had the barony been in the baron's hand. We will hold the 'escheat' in the same manner as the baron held it
(44) People who live outside the forest need not in future appear before the royal justices of the forest in answer to general summonses, unless they are actually involved in proceedings or are sureties for someone who has been seized for a forest offence
* (45) We will appoint as justices, constables, sheriffs, or other officials, only men that know the law of the realm and are minded to keep it well
(46) All barons who have founded abbeys, and have charters of English kings or ancient tenure as evidence of this, may have guardianship of them when there is no abbot, as is their due
(47) All forests that have been created in our reign shall at once be disafforested. River-banks that have been enclosed in our reign shall be treated similarly
* (48) All evil customs relating to forests and warrens, foresters, warreners, sheriffs and their servants, or river-banks and their wardens, are at once to be investigated in every county by twelve sworn knights of the county, and within forty days of their enquiry the evil customs are to be abolished completely and irrevocably. But we, or our chief justice if we are not in England, are first to be informed
* (49) We will at once return all hostages and charters delivered up to us by Englishmen as security for peace or for loyal service
* (50) We will remove completely from their offices the kinsmen of Gerard de Athée, and in future they shall hold no offices in England. The people in question are Engelard de Cigogné', Peter, Guy, and Andrew de Chanceaux, Guy de Cigogné, Geoffrey de Martigny and his brothers, Philip Marc and his brothers, with Geoffrey his nephew, and all their followers
* (51) As soon as peace is restored, we will remove from the kingdom all the foreign knights, bowmen, their attendants, and the mercenaries that have come to it, to its harm, with horses and arms
* (52) To any man whom we have deprived or dispossessed of lands, castles, liberties, or rights, without the lawful judgement of his equals, we will at once restore these. In cases of dispute the matter shall be resolved by the judgement of the twenty-five barons referred to below in the clause for securing the peace (§ 61). In cases, however, where a man was deprived or dispossessed of something without the lawful judgement of his equals by our father King Henry or our brother King Richard, and it remains in our hands or is held by others under our warranty, we shall have respite for the period commonly allowed to Crusaders, unless a lawsuit had been begun, or an enquiry had been made at our order, before we took the Cross as a Crusader. On our return from the Crusade, or if we abandon it, we will at once render justice in full
* (53) We shall have similar respite in rendering justice in connexion with forests that are to be disafforested, or to remain forests, when these were first a-orested by our father Henry or our brother Richard; with the guardianship of lands in another person's 'fee', when we have hitherto had this by virtue of a 'fee' held of us for knight's service by a third party; and with abbeys founded in another person's 'fee', in which the lord of the 'fee' claims to own a right. On our return from the Crusade, or if we abandon it, we will at once do full justice to complaints about these matters
(54) No one shall be arrested or imprisoned on the appeal of a woman for the death of any person except her husband
* (55) All fines that have been given to us unjustiy and against the law of the land, and all fines that we have exacted unjustly, shall be entirely remitted or the matter decided by a majority judgement of the twenty-five barons referred to below in the clause for securing the peace (§ 61) together with Stephen, archbishop of Canterbury, if he can be present, and such others as he wishes to bring with him. If the archbishop cannot be present, proceedings shall continue without him, provided that if any of the twenty-five barons has been involved in a similar suit himself, his judgement shall be set aside, and someone else chosen and sworn in his place, as a substitute for the single occasion, by the rest of the twenty-five
(56) If we have deprived or dispossessed any Welshmen of lands, liberties, or anything else in England or in Wales, without the lawful judgement of their equals, these are at once to be returned to them. A dispute on this point shall be determined in the Marches by the judgement of equals. English law shall apply to holdings of land in England, Welsh law to those in Wales, and the law of the Marches to those in the Marches. The Welsh shall treat us and ours in the same way
* (57) In cases where a Welshman was deprived or dispossessed of anything, without the lawful judgement of his equals, by our father King Henry or our brother King Richard, and it remains in our hands or is held by others under our warranty, we shall have respite for the period commonly allowed to Crusaders, unless a lawsuit had been begun, or an enquiry had been made at our order, before we took the Cross as a Crusader. But on our return from the Crusade, or if we abandon it, we will at once do full justice according to the laws of Wales and the said regions
* (58) We will at once return the son of Llywelyn, all Welsh hostages, and the charters delivered to us as security for the peace
* (59) With regard to the return of the sisters and hostages of Alexander, king of Scotland, his liberties and his rights, we will treat him in the same way as our other barons of England, unless it appears from the charters that we hold from his father William, formerly king of Scotland, that he should be treated otherwise. This matter shall be resolved by the judgement of his equals in our court
(60) All these customs and liberties that we have granted shall be observed in our kingdom in so far as concerns our own relations with our subjects. Let all men of our kingdom, whether clergy or laymen, observe them similarly in their relations with their own men
* (61) SINCE WE HAVE GRANTED ALL THESE THINGS for God, for the better ordering of our kingdom, and to allay the discord that has arisen between us and our barons, and since we desire that they shall be enjoyed in their entirety, with lasting strength, for ever, we give and grant to the barons the following security:
The barons shall elect twenty-five of their number to keep, and cause to be observed with all their might, the peace and liberties granted and confirmed to them by this charter
If we, our chief justice, our officials, or any of our servants offend in any respect against any man, or transgress any of the articles of the peace or of this security, and the offence is made known to four of the said twenty-five barons, they shall come to us - or in our absence from the kingdom to the chief justice - to declare it and claim immediate redress. If we, or in our absence abroad the chiefjustice, make no redress within forty days, reckoning from the day on which the offence was declared to us or to him, the four barons shall refer the matter to the rest of the twenty-five barons, who may distrain upon and assail us in every way possible, with the support of the whole community of the land, by seizing our castles, lands, possessions, or anything else saving only our own person and those of the queen and our children, until they have secured such redress as they have determined upon. Having secured the redress, they may then resume their normal obedience to us
Any man who so desires may take an oath to obey the commands of the twenty-five barons for the achievement of these ends, and to join with them in assailing us to the utmost of his power. We give public and free permission to take this oath to any man who so desires, and at no time will we prohibit any man from taking it. Indeed, we will compel any of our subjects who are unwilling to take it to swear it at our command
If-one of the twenty-five barons dies or leaves the country, or is prevented in any other way from discharging his duties, the rest of them shall choose another baron in his place, at their discretion, who shall be duly sworn in as they were
In the event of disagreement among the twenty-five barons on any matter referred to them for decision, the verdict of the majority present shall have the same validity as a unanimous verdict of the whole twenty-five, whether these were all present or some of those summoned were unwilling or unable to appear
The twenty-five barons shall swear to obey all the above articles faithfully, and shall cause them to be obeyed by others to the best of their power
We will not seek to procure from anyone, either by our own efforts or those of a third party, anything by which any part of these concessions or liberties might be revoked or diminished. Should such a thing be procured, it shall be null and void and we will at no time make use of it, either ourselves or through a third party
* (62) We have remitted and pardoned fully to all men any ill-will, hurt, or grudges that have arisen between us and our subjects, whether clergy or laymen, since the beginning of the dispute. We have in addition remitted fully, and for our own part have also pardoned, to all clergy and laymen any offences committed as a result of the said dispute between Easter in the sixteenth year of our reign (i.e. 1215) and the restoration of peace
In addition we have caused letters patent to be made for the barons, bearing witness to this security and to the concessions set out above, over the seals of Stephen archbishop of Canterbury, Henry archbishop of Dublin, the other bishops named above, and Master Pandulf
* (63) IT IS ACCORDINGLY OUR WISH AND COMMAND that the English Church shall be free, and that men in our kingdom shall have and keep all these liberties, rights, and concessions, well and peaceably in their fulness and entirety for them and their heirs, of us and our heirs, in all things and all places for ever
Both we and the barons have sworn that all this shall be observed in good faith and without deceit. Witness the abovementioned people and many others
Given by our hand in the meadow that is called Runnymede, between Windsor and Staines, on the fifteenth day of June in the seventeenth year of our reignYeah, yeah
Woah, woah
Straynané

De hatar men vill vara mig
Hon är side, vill vara main
Bloodline i våra veins, skiter i vad som sägs
Tänker på vad som säljs, nåt och röka, nåt som sväljs
Mitt val inte nåt som väljs, när jag ler det är pokerface
Träffa musht en vana, inga musht som klagar
Inga musht som talar, först ut när man vaknar
Börja på bänk tänkte bank, vadå tänk efter? Ta allt
De sa "Värdelös", så jag gjorde värde på löst
Om aina bakom mig, då alla var för sig
Om de får tag i mig, då ger allt till bae
Har min rygg alla lägen, hon är min gun, jag är maggen
Har MP5an i bagen, sting like a bee som champen

Vart blev han skjuten? Huvud, axlar, knä och tå
Kan ej bli bruten, för det HK som jag är ifrån
Vart blev han skjuten? Huvud, axlar, knä och tå
Kan ej bli bruten, för det HK som jag är ifrån

De vet vi de stora här ute
Hon är bad and boujee, la guns i min bag, i Guccin
Kolla fönster om nån står där ute
La mina mazz i Louis, hon vill bara bazz, ingen movie
De vet vi de stora här ute
Hon är bad and boujee, la guns i min bag, i Guccin
Kolla fönster om nån står där ute
La mina mazz i Louis, hon vill bara bazz, ingen movie

Kicka fort efter jag skjutit, real young niggu from the street
Skriker "Fuck the police", jag har bara bröder, ingen kompis
Det är kallt där vi bor, våra hjärtan, de har blivit is
Van vid beef, fyller upp jointen med kief
Eller piska Chris, hämta keys om det kris
Måste mata fiends som frågar om det finns
Och drömmarna är stora, jagar bara vinst
Du vill att jag förlorar, man tror jag vann på triss
Men det här ingenting, komedi film, yeah, yeah, yeah
Nu vi öppnar ett beat, knullar den, lägger den fint, yeah, yeah
Eller öppnar kartong som en patron, yeah, yeah, yeah
Det julafton, du vet jag släpper bara bomb, yeah

Vart blev han skjuten? Huvud, axlar, knä och tå
Kan ej bli bruten, för det HK som jag är ifrån
Vart blev han skjuten? Huvud, axlar, knä och tå
Kan ej bli bruten, för det HK som jag är ifrån

De vet vi de stora här ute
Hon är bad and boujee, la guns i min bag, i Guccin
Kolla fönster om nån står där ute
La mina mazz i Louis, hon vill bara bazz, ingen movie
De vet vi de stora här ute
Hon är bad and boujee, la guns i min bag, i Guccin
Kolla fönster om nån står där ute
La mina mazz i Louis, hon vill bara bazz, ingen movie

De vet vi de stora här ute, de vet, jo de vet, jo de vet
De vet vi de stora här ute, jo de vet, jo de vet
De vet vi de stora här ute, de vet, jo de vet, jo de vet
De vet vi de stora här ute, jo de vet, jo de vetBack up, back up, back up, back up
Back up back up back up back up EASE off
This goes out to all area crew (yes yes)
To my BK crew (ooh-OOOOOOOH-WHEEE) to my QB crew
My LI crew, my Shaolin crew
My Dirty South crew
(What cha'll niggas know about the Dirty South?)
Atlanta, North Cakalak'
For all my fam, all area crew (AOWWWWWWWWW)
Yeah mon!!

Yes, the first cut should be the deepest
To penetrate beyond the muscle wall's inner regions
First you was icing me, connect with the staring at the speakers
Heard the rhyme, head high, what ya starin at ya sneakers
You shy now, got a lot of things on your mind now
You don't feel fly now, you hunting the exit sign down
Fuck what you heard, cause I snatch the grapevine down (yea yeah)
Don't understand how I ran the line down? Rewind now

Yo, we be the most magnetic, so athletic
Leave your peeps on the side so they can watch you and your mans get it
Take the arch rivalry stance up on the podium
And give the flavor to niggas but keep it low on sodium
Possess shit that got you wondering how we holdin em
Things that'll lay you out like a piece of linoleum
Bring who-ever you want, we bout to bug son and bounce
Down to Henry Hudson, after I bust one!

Ay Mos Def!, alright okay
How you feel?, feeling great
What you want?, I wanna do it to death, what's up with you?
You know my steez, true indeed
Say it loud, black and proud
Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate, do it now!
Bus-a-Bus, What-a-gwan?
How you feel? Feeling great
What you want?, I wanna do it to death, what up wit you?
You know my steez, true indeed
Say it loud, Black and proud
Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate, do it now!

Ay dios mio, me and Bustarimo muy peligro
The two hottest negroes en Los Estados Unidos
Hotter than Reno when discovered by Bugsy Siegel
I'm black like Don Cheadle shoutin power to the people
My rhymes dipping like the lifeline on the e-boat
The raw sugar cane, NutraSweet, never Equal
If you in a Benzito or your mother's Buick Regal
I get up like Chino shoutin power to the people

Yo, me and the Mighty Mos shine like a light post
Live nigga shit be straight fucking up the white folks
That's why they with it now, because niggas like me and you
We did it now, brought it to that level so they get it now
We graduated saturated the game now
Infatuated with the fame now let me explain how
We doing this, at any time or any place ready willing and able
Let's get the dough secure the food on the table

Ay Mos Def!, oh my god
How you feel?, feeling great
What you want?, I wanna do it to death, what's up with you?
You know my steez, true indeed
Say it loud, black and proud
Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate, do it now!
Bus-a-Bus, rhymes galore
What's the deal? Feeling great
What you want?, I wanna do it to death, what up with you?
You know my steez, true indeed
Say it loud, Black and proud
Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate, do it now!

From east, west, north, and south, I got joints for all of those
Heavy aquatic water flows keepin them on they toes
Tell them thugs that wanna be CEO's to be derobed
'Fore I wear your little dumb ass out like Easter clothes!

Yo, yo yo yo yo
It's like a freak show, soon as my heat blow
Sometime I speak slow so people understand my street flow
And while we keep it hot, we got the most shine up in
This whole shit, me and Mos spit and blow the show quick

Watch out, your pussy sound get bucked south
Mos and Busta Rhymes too bad man-a-shutout
Watch out, give a damn what fancy car ya hop out
Shut down your game like the NBA lockout

You better watch out, I'm bout to black on niggas
Like I'm blowin on a sax, blowin my gats on niggas
Blowin my raps on niggas, now let me mash out
We fatter than the biggest ass chicks pokin they ass out

Ay Mos Def!, magnetism
How you feel?, feeling great
What you want?, I wanna do it to death, what's up with you?
You know my steez, true indeed
Say it loud, black and proud
Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate, do it now!
Bus-a-Bus, woo ha
What's the deal? Feeling great
What you want?, I wanna do it to death, what up with you?
You know my steez, true indeed
Say it loud, Black and proud
Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate, do it now!

What what, we got to do it, do it
We got to do it, do it, make me do it, do it
What.. wha-what-what, we got to do it, do it
Make me do it, do it
Do it do it do it now!
What what, we got to do it, do it
Do we do it, do it, do it, ah do it now!
What what, we got to do it, do it
Got to do it, do it
Do it now!Wir ballern die Ghetto-Huren, ballern die Testokuren
Ballern dann per Ballermann deiner Bande den Head voll Kugeln
Das ist JBG Teil 2, die zwei gehyptesten Rapper
Fegen jetzt wieder durch die Szene wie zwei Kreissägenblätter
Ey yo, die zwei sind wie Dynamit, reif für die Psychatrie
Guck uns schief an und du kriegst von 3000 Brüdern Hiebe
Dein Girl lässt ihr Kleid auf die Bühne fliegen, yeah
Ich hab ein Auge auf sie, als wär sie 'ne Freimaurerpyramide
Ah, wir schlagen dich zum Beat, JBG 2
Urbane Straßenpoesie, hart wie UFC
Deiner Bitch geht's finanziell nicht gut
Ich sag ihr: „Komm in mein Bordell, wenn du 'ne Stelle suchst“
Und sie nimmt dankend an, wie bei Alley Oops
Ich bang dein Baby, sie erzählt ihren Ladies von meinem Mordsständer
Und es zieht weite Kreise, so wie Aliens in Kornfeldern
Ich hol' den Basey und hau' Dorf-Gangstern den Kopf zu Brei
Währenddessen sitzt Farid Bang auf 'ner Bank
Schaut amüsiert zu und isst Popcorn dabei
Und ich brauche sie nicht, doch bin down mit den Bitches, Sex in dem Backstageraum mit den Chicks
Es ist der Mac mit mehr Frauengeschichten am Laufen als Desperate Housewives, Bitch
Wir sind mit Untergrund durch, es ist wie damals das Guckloch
In der Mädchenumkleide, yeah, die Jungs starten durch

JBG 2, Rapper fliehen vor Großkaliberschüssen
Und begehen Selbstmord, denn nur der Tod kann sie beschützen
Ich hab Kollegah im Rücken, du den Totschläger, du Krüppel
Eine Nacht mit uns, du trägst Prothesen und Krücke
JBG 2, du siehst die anderen Fotzen Heim rennen
Ich verpass Einläufe, als würde ich vor'm Boxkampf einpennen
Meine Glock macht gleich Bang aus dem toten Winkel
Während andere sich zum Clown machen, ohne Schminke
Aus dem Hotel Hilton kommt deine Schwester in der Nacht, ey
Du bist wie Mobb Deep, dein Rap ist für die Katz
Ein lächerliches Pack, gebe Wichsern Fäuste
Und krieg' ständig neue Anzeigen wie Litfaßsäulen
Und die Bitches heute wollen Jungfrau bleiben
Zwei Optionen, Arsch oder Mund auf, Kleines
Und du wärst gern wie wir, doch du hast den Körper einer Frau
Und warst nach der Geburt nie mehr im Körper einer Frau
Denn du bist ein Student, der für 10 Euro tankt
Legst dich auf die Hantelbank und bewegst 90 Gramm
Bläst heute Schwanz, denn es gibt Ärger auf der Straße
Jung, Brutal, Gutaussehend, sterben oder atmenOkay, hvis du fik at vide, du havde en dag tilbage at leve i
Hva' ville du så gøre?
Hva' jeg ville gøre?
Jeg tror, jeg ville..

Hæve lidt penge på min firmakonto
Løbe ned og shop' den bil, jeg altid havde tænkt på
Vink', når jeg så min nabo, "Hallo"
Yo, bilen er ny og 24 tommer allu
Jeg ville ha' den pige, jeg elsker, ved min side
Køre ud mod vandet og ikk' ta' noget forgivet
Jeg ville ringe til gamle venner og kærester
Fortælle dem, at de har gjort mig til den, jeg er
Kig' mig i bakspejlet og sige: "Hey, det' godt nok"
Sædet tilbage, vinduet ned og volumen op
Jeg ville gi' en fuck, hvorfor jeg var her
Bare smile og nyde, at det var jeg
Jeg ville samle mine venner og familie op
Og køre videre ud mod vandet i en samlet flok
Så ville jeg tænkte på, om jeg havde givet nok igen
Til dem der har givet mig så meget af dem
Jeg ville parkere bilen midt ude på vejen
Og der sku' være musik, yo, min egen
Og alle ville smile og bounce med hinanden
Barbecue og kæmpe bål på stranden
Jeg ville sige til mine brødre, at jeg er stolt af dem
At de sku' forstå, hvor meget jeg virkelig holder af dem
Jeg ville sige til min mor og far, at jeg elsker dem
Og spørge dem, om de ikk' sku' prøve at finde sammen igen
Fortælle mine venner, at jeg tror på
Vores kærlighed er større, end man kan sætte ord på
Og jeg ville finde min kvinde og sige til hende
At jeg havde lyst til at leve videre i hende
Og solen ville gå ned over vandet, mens jeg røg en sidste blå Kings
Drak et sidste glas rødvin
Vind i håret, rockstar-briller på
23 år - vi ses mit Dannebrog

En dag tilbage
Lev mens du gør det, elsk mens du tør det
En dag tilbage
Lev mens du gør det, elsk mens du tør det
En dag tilbage
Lev mens du gør det, elsk mens du tør det
En dag tilbage
Lev mens du gør det, elsk mens du tør det
En dag tilbage

Jeg ville egentlig ikk' helt vide, hva' jeg sku' gøre af mig selv
Måske kig' mig lidt i spejlet, slå tiden lidt ihjel
Forlade mit hjem med mit ynglings gear på
De hvideste sneaks og cap'en lidt på skrå
Jeg ville la' bilen stå og bare slentre gennem KBH
Og tænk' over, om jeg havde nået lidt af alt det, jeg ville nå
Om jeg havde sat pris på det, jeg fik, om jeg havde givet for lidt
Og ønske jeg ku' nå at tak' dem, der føler vores shit
Videre uden de helt store stop
I don't know, måske et sidste måltid på Taco Shop
Gøre ting, jeg normalt ikk' gør
Stop' den smukkeste pige og forføre hende, som jeg aldrig havde gjort det før
Ta' ud forbi mit barndomshjem
Fortæl min mor, min far, mine tre brødre at jeg virkelig elsker dem
Jeg ville samle mit team, mine venner
Og sige, at jeg et eller andet sted ved, vi ses igen alle sammen
Jeg ville hit foran en club, se godt ud og spille lidt smart
Intet andet end love og et dankort i pendulfart
Og jeg ville pop' den dyreste champagne
Sige til mig selv: "Vi gjorde det fandme"
Forlade stedet uden at sige det til nogen
Med et enkelt glas i hånden og en slukket telefon
Grine lidt for mig selv over en joke, vi havde engang
Inderst inde nok ogs' være en lille smule bange
Dedikere en sidste tanke til min familie og mit crew
Og til pigen i mit liv, jeg ikk' har fundet endnu
Velvidende om at hun er derude et sted
Men fuck nu det, jeg har fået så meget med
Og jeg føler det hele, mer' end nogensinde
Med Nexus på brystet og oprejst pande
Og jeg' alene med mig selv, jeg har det sgu godt
Og forlader dette sted inden solen står op

En dag tilbage
Lev mens du gør det, elsk mens du tør det
En dag tilbage
Lev mens du gør det, elsk mens du tør det
En dag tilbage
Lev mens du gør det, elsk mens du tør det
En dag tilbage
Lev mens du gør det, elsk mens du tør det
En dag tilbage

En dag tilbage
En dag tilbage
En dag tilbage
Lev mens du gør det, elsk mens du tør det
En dag tilbageRakas kotikylä, Oulunkylä
Mutsi itki ku en ikin ollu koulus hyvä
Mut mul oli aina kuumin mimmi
Olin ylivoimanen Ogelin UJ-kingi
Tultii kuuluvii, suoraa YouTubii
Tuhatta ja sataa, luvatta ja salaa
Harval oli älliä palaa
Useempi pysty olee perus kännikala
Ogelin jantteri, ostarin gangsteri
Tääl mis sun systeri ei oo mysteeri
Sanoin mutsille aina aamusta:
Sä et mitään työmiestä saa musta

Se on Roihuvuori
Ku pommit tippuu
(Mitä vittuu)
Räjäyttää ne monnit nippuu
Snadisti kitkuis, skidit on itkuis
Ei vielkää metrolippuu
Ku tehää paluu pääkallopaikalle
Kelataa nokkelii, ei mitää kokkelii
Piti ilmottaa pesäpallomaikalle
Et joko pelataa soccerii?
Kaulas vaa mitskui
Eikä fritsui
Niinku oltas penkomas klitsui takas alas
Ni kyl se bolu pysyy vielki siin mun jalas

Syväjääs syväl kakskyt vuotta
Vielki iha vitun mamuna
En tiiä mis on Barona
Sydätään tää kasvisruoka next
Parikyt vuotta himo OG fabuna
Sama homma eri forum
Sun kävely on iha liian uus
Sä et kuulu tähän kouluu
Palaverist pelihousut
Zidane hedari syypää mun myöhäseen nousuun
Ala maa Ala-Malmi
Ala tanssii ylitöissä
Yötöissä vahdin mä
MC Deo Graci, asiasi
Todellaki pidän Suomi-touchin pääl

Mistä räpätään rätätää räkäpää
Mä en hätää nää
Ripiitille jätä tää
Äpärä läpät nää Porvoosee älähtää
Venaan millo Kamppula räjähtää
Stadist Heseen, mut hima ei tee hefee
Vaa miten jutut raidal ja kaidalla tekee
Iha sama mistä perseest tullaan
Mitä suomirap levy ois ilman versee multa?
Ota bruuskii
Sit suu kii
Jäbät uusii
Läpät buutii
Mä tuun sieltä missä lumi on keltast
Ja kaikki semi ookoot jo pudonnu kelkast

Tää huudi, tää o iha hyvä huudi
Ha, iha oikein sä kuulit
Kuolemastki meiät erottamas on vaa muuri
Ja naapuril on menos rankempi kuuri
Sopivasti denoi, sopivasti nistei
Siihe välii kirkko ja viihdykepisteit
Mist tuut?
Onks sil välii?
Ku kuitenki kaikki alkuperänen täält hävii
Sul on koodit ja mul on se paikka
Malmin poliisil on kädes oikeuden raippa
Taikka näin, taikka noin
Kirkonkello soi
Niin sillo se on moimoi
Täs on poistunu keskuudest frendi
Seki oli tääl jossai vaiheessa trendi
Meil on ostari, niinku kaikil muillaki
Värikästä jengii elää sosiaalituillaki

Villinä vapaana, jumalien seläntakana
Tää on mun vika pysäkki
Kiitorata ja satama
Ja aina voin sen menolipun varata
Missään en oo käyny tai minne takasin halaja
Jos ei koskaan lähde on niin vaikea palata
Joten nähdään taas se oli niin mukava tavata
Toivotan parasta niinku meilläpäin on tapana
Opin tuon aikana, ku olin viel pieni kakara
Mut nyt herään siskonpedistä
Oon asunu monta vuotta tienristeyksissä
Ja jos tie on väärä, sen voi ylittää
Jos ei oo valmis yrittää
Valmistaudu tyrimään
Joten nostan perseeni
Teen ne kaikki treenit
Kotikenttä on mun linnakkeeni
Enkä oo perusjätkä niinku Maukka
Todistat uutta aikakautta

E.I.R.A
MC Särren räpit on kovaa paskaa
Sensorit spreijaa muistoja ilmaan
Suuntaan katseen Huvilakujaan
Oli kasarilla graffitei, nykyään ei
Voisarvii ja mummoi ilman tekareit
Sillo everyday Kaivaris kaatu deckei
Nuori Slick Rick ilman amulettei
Kimi Kerr rakentaa katureppei
Crossover nilkat, käytät apukeppei
Siel on faija, ja sen faijan koti
Minä ja kulmat yhes, Sly ja Robi
Vokalisti äxällä muuttu suunta ku
Lätsällä frendi fox kolmel äksällä flow
Housut roikkuu, Michigan -91
Liiketoiminta vast hyvä yritys
Idolit ei käy kouluu, tekee asioita
Aletaa pimputtaa Casioita
Yhtäkkii ne Särrestä diggaa
Sanoin anna euro, kaheksasta flippaa
Moi mitä jäbä?
Kato tos on Chico's
Mikä siin oli pyyhkiytyi ku teinirikos
Älä nostalgikoks sano, mul oli hyvä olla
UL 00150

Äiti otti hatkat navetasta
Pakkas kamat maalta Helsinkiin
Pukkas pojan ulos Savelassa
Josta luupäät lähti keikkaa bensiksii
Betonilaatikot kasikytluvulta
Liksat luukulta, kodeist kosteet ku tulvat
Muka julmat kulmat nukkuu lapsen unta
Multa puuttu pulmat, tuntuuks tutulta?

Kyä! Tääl on hyvä!
Synnyin Savelan favelaan
Ja asun kilsan pääs yhä
Silmät avaan aamusella
Riennän ikkunaan
Voihan jummi jammi
Malmin Nova kutsuu omiaan!
Eikä tarvi pitää lomia (no ei!)
Mitä mä Malagas
Viihdyn hiton hyvin himas (näin o!)
Kesäsin kuuma ku Cobacabana
Ja vaikken muuten niin kulmille palaa Havana

Tuun sielt mis ei kelpaa Kafka
Mis merimiespipon korvaa nahka
Näkemys vahva, frendit häkelty jahka
Tajus että Robalt himaa ei oo kävelymatka
Pohjosest poistun, mutta kipinä elää
Veikkaan etten koskaan kaipaa kivikehää
Liki cityy poimut ne täällä henkeä tilii vetää
Vieläkin haikailen geliksen Gigin perään

"Jes, kokeilla vaa
Jes
Mmm, jes, aha"
Hakunila killa jalas ysifemman filat
Nauticaen rotsi silkkii ja kannu jemmaa himas
Liian nuori, ekaa kertaa simas
Ei lokitettu, vaan otettiin ne juoksut Siwast
Markkeri fikas Walkmanit korvilla
Ritsatul tsygäl rullaa Hakunillan läpi
En pysty laskee baareja yhen käden sormilla
Eli ei hätää hyvä Hakunilan väki
Se mitä kävin läpi
Se mitä mä näin
On syy siihen et on nyt dänkkii täyn säkit
On syy siihen et on nyt cräkkii nää räpit
R.I.P jäbille jotka jo lähti, peaceKomm rüber in meine Richtung
So dankbar dafür, es ist so ein Segen, yeah
Machst jede Situation zum Himmel, yeah
Oh, du bist
Mein Sonnenschein am dunkelsten Tag
Lässt mich auf eine bestimmte Art fühlen
Machst mich jeden Moment genießen wollend langsam, langsam
Du passt zu mir, maßgeschneiderte Liebe, wie du es anziehst
Hast den einzigen Schlüssel, du weißt wie man es anmacht
Die Art, wie du an meinem Ohr knabberst, die einzigen Worte, die ich hören will
Baby, geh es langsam an, sodass wir lange andauern können

Oh, du, du bist der Magnet und ich bin das Stück Metall
Ich komme gerade näher und ich schmiede einen Plan
Nur daran zu denken lässt meinen Puls ansteigen
Oh, yeah
Schon, schon gefällt es mir besser als das Normale
Alle meine Sinne verlangen nach mehr
Das muss man mit keiner Bedrängnis angehen

Langsam
Ich möchte langsam deinen Rachen einatmen
Lass dir Sachen in dein Ohr sagen
Damit du dich erinnerst, falls du nicht bei mir bist
Langsam
Ich möchte dich zu langsamen Küssen ausziehen
An den Wänden deines Labyrinths unterschreiben
Und aus deinem ganzen Körper ein Manuskript machen
(Hoch, hoch, hoch
Geh hoch hoch)

Ich möchte dein Haar tanzen sehen
Ich möchte dein Rhythmus sein
Zeige meinem Mund
Deine liebsten Stellen
(liebsten, liebsten, Baby)
Lass mich deine gefährlichen Zonen übersteigen
Bis ich deinen Schrei provoziere
Und dass du deinen Nachnamen vergisst

Wenn ich dich um einen Kuss bitte, komm, gib ihn mir!
Ich weiß, dass du es gerade denkst
Ich stecke da schon einige Zeit rein
Mami, es ist ein Geben und ein Nehmen
Du weißt, dass dein Herz mit mir bumm bumm macht
Du weißt, dieses Baby sucht nach meinem bang bang
Komm, probiere von meinem Mund um zu sehen, wie es schmeckt
Ich will, ich will, ich will sehen wie viel Liebe in dich passt
Ich habe keine Eile, ich möchte mir diese Reise gönnen
Wir fangen langsam an, danach wild

Schritt für Schritt, sanft, ganz sanft
Wir kommen uns nah, ganz allmählich
Wenn du mich so gekonnt küsst
Sehe ich, dass du die Böswilligkeit mit Zartheit bist
Schritt für Schritt, sanft, ganz sanft
Wir kommen uns nah, ganz allmählich
Denn diese Schönheit ist ein Puzzle
Aber um sie zusammenzusetzen, habe ich das Puzzlestück
Hey!

Langsam
Ich möchte dein langsames Feuer atmen
Lass mich Sachen in dein Ohr flüstern
Damit du dich erinnerst, wenn du nicht bei mir bist
Langsam
Ich möchte dich zu langsamen Küssen ausziehen
An den Wänden deines Labyrinths unterschreiben
Und aus deinem ganzen Körper ein Manuskript machen
(Hoch, hoch, hoch
Geh hoch hoch)

Ich möchte dein Haar tanzen sehen
Ich möchte dein Rhythmus sein
Zeige meinem Mund
Deine liebsten Stellen
(liebsten, liebsten, Baby)
Lass mich deine gefährlichen Zonen übersteigen
Bis ich deinen Schrei provoziere
Und dass du deinen Nachnamen vergisst

Langsam
Machen wir es an einem Strand in Puerto Rico
Bis die Wellen schreien: „Hey Schönheit!“
Bleiben Sie mit meiner Dichtung
(Tanz!)

Langsam, Langsam, sachte, sachte
Wir werden langsam ganz langsam aufhören
Lehre meinem Mund
Deine liebsten Stellen
(Liebsten, liebsten Baby)
Langsam, Langsam, sachte, sachte
Wir werden langsam, ganz langsam aufhören
Bis ich deinen Schrei provoziere (Fonsi)
Und dass du deinen Nachnamen vergisst (D.Y.)
LangsamDamals die Zeit nur mit Kiffen verbracht
Scheiße, Mann, heute ist nix wie es war
Früher war es nur mein Stift und das Blatt
Heute wird daraus ein Business gemacht
Ich würde gern wissen, wie weit es noch geht
Doch hab' Angst, dass ich die 30 nicht seh'
Dieser Lifestyle hier prägt, welchen Preis willst du nehmen?
Sich im Kreis zu bewegen ist für keinen Menschen schön
Ich war motiviert, weil es Spaß bringt
Wollte mich und mein Viertel an' Start bringen
Und heut sitz' ich in meinem Wagen
Und blase den Rauch in den Fahrtwind
Doch am Ende wirst du in 'ne Kiste gepackt
Was bringt dir ein Schloss, wenn der Schlüssel nicht passt?
Ich lach' jeden Tag, doch vermiss' meine Mom
Glaub mir, es bleibt nichts wie es war

Alles okay, viel besser als früher
Aber niemals vergess' ich meine Brüder
Es könnte schlimmer sein als es jetzt ist
Ja, Mann, ich weiß noch, die Zeit im Gefängnis
Es ist alles okay, wer weiß, was noch kommt?
Mein ganzes Leben verteilt auf paar Songs
Doch nichts war umsonst
Nichts war umsonst

Ey, alles anders, das war die Zeit, sie rennt
Gestern noch im Dreck am Boden gepennt
Immer genug leben für die Mucke, aber gab kein' Cent
Heute Tausende von Fans, denn der Kampf war's wert
Eigentlich ist alles okay, die Träume von damals Realität
Und für nix auf der Welt tausch' ich ein, was ich hab', denn der Hunger, der mich antreibt, kennt sein' Weg
Neues Leben, Fluch und Segen, bringt Probleme, die man nie hatte
Mehr Geld auf dem Konto, doch auch viel mehr Ratten, denn jedes Licht wirft einen Schatten
Und Gott weiß: ich bin dankbar - sogar für die Messer im Rücken und einen Panzer
Denn nix und niemand knackt man, glaube mir, das ist erst der Anfang

Alles okay, viel besser als früher
Aber niemals vergess' ich meine Brüder
Es könnte schlimmer sein als es jetzt ist
Ja, Mann, ich weiß noch, die Zeit im Gefängnis
Es ist alles okay, wer weiß, was noch kommt?
Mein ganzes Leben verteilt auf paar Songs
Doch nichts war umsonst
Nichts war umsonst
Alles okay, viel besser als früher
Aber niemals vergess' ich meine Brüder
Es könnte schlimmer sein als es jetzt ist
Ja, Mann, ich weiß noch, die Zeit im Gefängnis
Es ist alles okay, wer weiß, was noch kommt?
Mein ganzes Leben verteilt auf paar Songs
Doch nichts war umsonst
Nichts war umsonst
Ist alles okay!Denn ich war nie ein Rapper
Ich hab mir alles selber beigebracht
Beigebracht, wie man Gold aus dieser Scheiße macht
Guck mich jetzt an, 8 Jahre später, Mann
Ich mach' das mein Leben lang
Hatte schlaflose Nächte, kein Plan für den nächsten Tag
Hier weint dir keiner eine Träne nach
Wir sind die Unterschicht, Kinder ohne Werdegang
Wir greifen einmal nach den Sternen und sterben dann
So ist das Leben, es lässt dich abstumpfen
All die Rückschläge fühlen sich an wie Platzwunden
Und wenn ich die Bewährungshelferin box'
Schüttelt meine Strafanwältin den Kopf
Ich war nie ein Rapper, weil ich keine Märchen erzähl'
Man hat Ziele, doch die meisten werden verfehlt
Und seit 1987 wollt' ich sein wie Gordon Gekko
Ihr habt alle reiche Eltern und sagt Deutschland hat kein Ghetto

Denn ich war nie ein Rapper, ich hab für die Straße gekämpft
Und Mama spürt mit jeder Zeile, dass ich grad' an sie denk'
Denn ich war nie ein Rapper, ich wollt' niemals anständig sein
Ich hab' Beton in meiner Brust, deswegen kann ich nicht weinen
Denn ich war nie ein Rapper, ich hab für die Straße gekämpft
Und Mama spürt mit jeder Zeile, dass ich grad' an sie denk'
Denn ich war nie ein Rapper, ich wollt' niemals anständig sein
Ich hab' Beton in meiner Brust, deswegen kann ich nicht weinen

Denn ich war nie ein Rapper, ich war nie ein schwuler Student
Und heute nimmt der Junge trotzdem statt der U-Bahn den Benz
Ich danke nur meinen Fans
Denn wo ich herkomme, kriegst du garantiert kein Stück von diesem Kuchen geschenkt
Ich hab' ein Image kreiert
Und hab' mich niemals integriert
Denn ich bin nicht wie ihr
Und heute hab ich's geschafft
Das ganze Geld, das ich verdiene, ist für mich sowas wie Schadenersatz
Ich hab' was besseres zu tun als mit Reportern zu reden
Die am Ende sowieso nur meine Worte verdrehen
Mir ist egal, was ihr wollt
Ich bin kein Junge mehr und weiß mit Sicherheit, meine Mama ist stolz
Alles macht einen Sinn, ich hab mein Lachen zurück
Ich hab geweint, die Angst, sie macht dich verrückt
Und vielleicht hatte ich Glück
Ich bin einer von denen, die heute sagen können "Kopf hoch, die Scheiße vergeht"

Denn ich war nie ein Rapper, ich hab für die Straße gekämpft
Und Mama spürt mit jeder Zeile, dass ich grad' an sie denk'
Denn ich war nie ein Rapper, ich wollt' niemals anständig sein
Ich hab' Beton in meiner Brust, deswegen kann ich nicht weinen
Denn ich war nie ein Rapper, ich hab für die Straße gekämpft
Und Mama spürt mit jeder Zeile, dass ich grad' an sie denk'
Denn ich war nie ein Rapper, ich wollt' niemals anständig sein
Ich hab' Beton in meiner Brust, deswegen kann ich nicht weinen

Denn ich war nie ein Rapper, ich bin auf'm Boden geblieben
Musste Drogen dealen und hab keine Strophe geschrieben
Denn ich war nie ein Rapper, ihr seid nur Köter, die bellen
Sie verlieren ihren Mut und sie töten sich selbst
Denn ich war nie ein Rapper, weil ich keine kleinen Kiffer kenn'
Ich bin Berliner, wer ist 50 Cent?
Denn ich war nie ein Rapper und bin es immer noch nicht
Ich wollt' nie anders werden, kuck, ich bin immer noch ich

Denn ich war nie ein Rapper, ich hab für die Straße gekämpft
Und Mama spürt mit jeder Zeile, dass ich grad' an sie denk'
Denn ich war nie ein Rapper, ich wollt' niemals anständig sein
Ich hab' Beton in meiner Brust, deswegen kann ich nicht weinen
Denn ich war nie ein Rapper, ich hab für die Straße gekämpft
Und Mama spürt mit jeder Zeile, dass ich grad' an sie denk'
Denn ich war nie ein Rapper, ich wollt' niemals anständig sein
Ich hab' Beton in meiner Brust, deswegen kann ich nicht weinenHallo Schatz, hör diesen Zeilen gut zu
Du bist der Mensch der mir in miesen Zeiten gut tut
Ich hab' es dir noch nie so offen und ehrlich gesagt
Doch du machst mein gebrochenes Herz wieder stark
Ich wollt dir "Danke" sagen
Du bist der wunderbarste Mensch
Mein schönstes Geburtstagsgeschenk
Und seit dem ich dich kenn' hat das Leben für mich angefang'
Ich würde sterben um 'ne Träne von dir aufzufang'
Du bist mein Stolz Schatz
Du bist ein Goldschatz
Die einzige, die ich jemals gewollt hab
Ohne dich is' Folter, noch schlimmer: Tote Hose
Doch ich ruh' in Frieden, wenn ich sterbe bringst du mir rote Rosen
Du warst von Anfang an mein allergrößtes Abenteuer
Du bist der einzigste Mensch der meine Laune steuert
Du bist mein ein und alles
Du bist ein Diamant
Und ich stehe hinter dir Canim wie ein Mann

Baby, komm in meinen Arm
Und hör wie ich dir leise sag:
Ich liebe dich und auf keinen Fall, geb ich dich mehr her mein Schatz
Niemand ersetzt deinen Platz, denn du hast das was keine hat
Ich weiss, bin manchmal steinhart
Doch ich bin und bleib dein Mann

Baby, komm in meinen Arm, ich gebe dich nicht her mein Schatz
Denn niemand ersetzt deinen Platz, denn du hast das was keine hat
Und hör wie ich dir leise sag:
Ich liebe dich, du brachtest mir das lieben bei
Und jetzt lieb' ich also lass' mich bitte nie allein
Weiche nicht von meiner Seite, nein tu das Gegenteil
Lieb' mich wie ich dich liebe und bleib' für eine Ewigkeit
Ich hab 'ne harte Hülle
Wirklich, denn nach jedem Streit
Bin ich der, der heimlich deine Tränen weint
Ich koche manchmal innerlich und bin ein Wirbelwind
Doch eigentlich will ich jede Minute in meinem Leben mit dir verbring'
Ich möchte niewieder,dass du von meiner Seite weichst
Ich möchte niewieder alleine sein
Ich wollt schon immer das mein Leben schon mit 60 zuende geht
Doch seitdem ich dich kenn möchte ich auf einmal länger leben
Denn diese Sache hat 'nen ganz neuen Sinn gewonnen
Reich mir deine Hand, Engel, ich führ' dich bis hin zur Sonne
Vertreibe alle Wolken, auf uns'rem Weg zum Glück
Denn du gibst mir diese Liebe die mein Leben schmückt
Du bist mein ein und Alles, du bist mein Diamant
Und ich stehe hinter dir Canim, wie Dein Mann

Baby, komm in meinen Arm
Und hör wie ich dir leise sag:
Ich liebe dich und auf keinen Fall, geb ich dich mehr her mein Schatz
Niemand ersetzt deinen Platz, denn du hast das was keine hat
Ich weiss, bin manchmal steinhart
Doch ich bin und bleib dein MannIch konnt' nie schlafen früher
Hatte chronisch Magenschmerzen
Heute weiß ich: Kein Traum ist zu groß, um wahr zu werden
Ich dacht' nach "NWA", dass es nicht krasser wird
Und dann war wieder alles scheißegal
Weil plötzlich Papa stirbt
Ich wollte nie wieder arbeiten, jetzt hab ich keine Freizeit mehr
Du fragst mich nach'm Foto und die Scheiße nervt
Hätt' ich lieber auch 'ne Maske aufgesetzt
Mein allererster Text war über Hausarrest
Und jetzt trink ich Rosé bis meine Zähne schmerzen
Ich schreib den Part
Im Hintergrund läuft "Tagesthemen" im Ersten
Ich frag mich selbst oft, was ich denk, wer ich bin
Ich glaub der Größte auf der Welt
Auch wenn es grenzwertig klingt
Und sogar Mama sagt, ich werde langsam weltfremd
Denn ich wohn seit Wochen im Waldorf-Astoria in BLN
Nicht falsch verstehen, Mann, ich bin dankbar für das Alles
Nur manchmal ist das halt nicht alles


In letzter Zeit denk ich oft an früher, an die alten Tage
Als es egal war, ob ich irgendwo was Falsches sage
Ich bin so berühmt, ich kann mich nicht mehr frei bewegen
Scheine zählen entschädigt dafür, dass alle Scheiße reden
Oder Scheiße schreiben mit allen Einzelheiten
Aus mei'm Privatleben, jeder kann es nachlesen
Ich soll mein' Bart pflegen, soll abgeschoben werden
Keiner kann sich vorstellen, wie die Idioten nerven
Ich kann nie offen reden, Telefone angezapft
Und jeden zweiten Tag fuckt mich das Finanzamt ab
Jeden Tag mit Irgendjemand Streit und ganz selten
Hör ich einen Tag lang nichts von meinen Anwälten
Aber ist OK, denn wenn's so ist, dann soll's so sein
Dafür steig ich in den Benz, du in den Volvo ein
Nicht falsch verstehen, Mann, ich bin dankbar für das Alles
Nur manchmal ist das halt nicht allesNu Eta Da, 385 ideal
Haha okay, 64 Bars, Olexesh
6-4, okay, Ahh OL

Mund zu, ich führe dich in meine Welt
Sammel Cents bis mein Glück sich erhellt, Aj
Ja sam ukrainac, hör meine Liedaz
Ich bin nachts unterwegs und begegne paar Latinas
Mein Bruder kommt aus Palästina, er ballert Ballerinas
Nutten zeigen Mittelfingaz, männliche Divas
Akzeptier das, Olexesh passiert nie was
Ich hab Nase voll von Cripas
Meine Shox bekommst du niemals, Aj
Ich lad dich ein auf ein Cocktail Malibu
Ich mach dich hacke und danach:"I Love You"
Deja Vu, Ich erinner mich an gestern
Der Hurensohn Nachbar treibt es mit seinen Schwestern
Im alten Western regieren nur die echten Männer
Heute tanzen sie mit Röhrenjeans auf Kalkbrenner
Gib mir Tenna denn nur Haze macht mich fit
Rote Augen leuchten hell, 385 meine Clique
S-s-sag mir, was hältst du von Samir?
Bring mir mein Syrisches, fehlt nur noch Papier
Zähne fallen aus vom schlechten Baida
Leg's dir unter's Kissen für die Zahnfee
Zähl bis 3, ah, 10 Kilo abnehmen für den Erfolg
Junkie Stars, Hollywood, gut aussehen für das Volk
Stopf dein Arsch, schnüffel' bisschen Gras
Weggeschickt auf Kleber, komplette Demontage
15 Novoliner, 7 Tage durchbaidern
Finanziert von Prada und Gucci Kleidern
Schnelle Strassen, Nachtlicht im Banlieue
Lambo Gallardo von 10 Frauen verwöhnt
An der Konstabler war ich McDonald's Vollzeiter
Weil ich damals keinen Weg sah
Ein Anruf von Célo:
„Brate, komm vorbei ich mach dir ein Vertrag bei 385ideal."
Danke Bratan, ansonsten kack ich ab
Kein Taler, kein Schnapp, Real Life Motherfuck
Twenty-four hours dreh ich um die Towers
Kranichstein represent, Deutschland brauch das
Aj, Gruss an die Jungs von Thug Life
Und an alle Kripos mit ner Mag-Lite
Treffpunkt um 12 Uhr, Internet Café
Somalische Bratkos kauen Chad im Stehen
Ein Paper für 10 Cent, ne garro für 30
Ich sag dir ganz ehrlich, ein Zwanni der reicht nicht
Intégration, non monsieur, attention, révolution!
Ich sag dir ganz ehrlich es geht immer hin und her
Meine Taschen bleiben leer, der Politiker will mehr
Nur zu reden ist nicht schwer Es sind 3 Jahre her
Letzter Fick war verkehrt, ich hab 10 mal entleert
Steig ein, ich mach dir was klar
Hör auf B.I.G., "I got money on my mind"
A66, Blitzlicht im Nachtlicht
Koffer voller Garros, jeder ist sympathisch
Voll vom Laster, denn Ronaldinho der Bastard von Barça verdient mehr als ein Kanzler
Olexesh, sag mir wer ist von euch echt
Ich erzähl dir meine Story, jeder Dritte ist zu schlecht
80 Bars mach ich live auf der Strassa
8 Jahre Ausbildung also Platz da!
Rede nicht von Parra, weil es Pech bringt und Beine bricht
Manche sagen weiter so, Kunden zählen über dich
6 4 ,mein Bezirk ist mein Dasein
Viele sagen nein, aber Geld bringt mir Klarheit

B-B-B-B-B-Benzin!
Olexesh, OL Bratan, 385ideal
Nu eta da, Ajajaj
Mixtape "Authentic Athletic"
Erinnerst du dich an bratkos mit drehkicks
Ihr wisst bescheid, Olexesh, Olexesh
Mixtape, Mixtape!
-Folg RapGeniusDeutschland!Alle jubeln und lächeln
Hör doch, sie klatschen für dich!
Selbst die Milf im Ferrari
Mit Botoxlippen und Katzengesicht
Hast das Geld dir verdient!
Hast zu keiner Zeit den Helden gespielt
Sag, wie fühlt es sich an
Wenn die ganze scheiß Welt einen liebt?
Michael Jackson, Michael Jordan
Michael Kors, Michael wer?
Ist dir egal
Denn jeder weiß, du bist immer noch der gleiche Kerl
Harte Schale, weicher Kern
Lass das bloß deine Feinde nicht hören
Denn hast du nur einmalig Schwäche gezeigt
Rammen sie dir hinterrücks das Messer ins Fleisch

Alles dreht sich um dich
Doch keiner sieht, in welchem Käfig du sitzt
Darüber redest du nicht
Weil du glaubst, dass du noch Ehre besitzt
Kannst keinem vertrauen
Trauriger, weinender Clown
Bei Fame hört die Freundschaft auf
Danke für nichts, das weiß ich heute auch!

Und ich schrieb
Tausende Bars, aber keine zu viel
Denn ich verfolgte immer dieses Ziel:
Ich will nur Platin und Gold für mein Team, hey
Und die Nächte verging'
Ich schrieb die Zeilen und wurde zum King
Und sie lieben mich jetzt
Doch können nicht glauben, wie einsam ich bin

Keine Zeit mehr für nichts
Auch keine Zeit mehr für dich
Doch du grinst vor dich her
Damit bloß keiner merkt, wie einsam du bist
Jeder freut sich für dich
Alle sind stolz, man freut sich für dich
Wie viel Cash du verdienst
Was für Autos du fährst, wie viel' Bräute du fickst
Ein Leben wie aus einem Märchenbuch
Ich schwör', du kriegst davon nie mehr genug
Gott sieht alles
Du bist nicht mehr dieser Junge, der immer nach Ärger sucht
Du lebst den deutschen Traum
Cash, Autos und Häuser bauen
Wozu sollt' ich euch vertrauen?
Bei Fame hört doch die Freundschaft auf!

Doch wenn bei Nacht die Sonne untergeht
Und niemand hier deine Nummer wählt
Wird dein Herz dir verraten
Ob dir das Lachen deiner Mutter fehlt
Du kannst keinem vertrauen
Trauriger, weinender Clown
So war das nicht geplant
Doch das ist der Preis, den ich bezahl'

Und ich schrieb
Tausende Bars, aber keine zu viel
Denn ich verfolgte immer dieses Ziel:
Ich will nur Platin und Gold für mein Team, hey
Und die Nächte verging'
Ich schrieb die Zeilen und wurde zum King
Und sie lieben mich jetzt
Doch können nicht glauben, wie einsam ich bin
Und ich schrieb
Tausende Bars, aber keine zu viel
Denn ich verfolgte immer dieses Ziel:
Ich will nur Platin und Gold für mein Team, hey
Und die Nächte verging'
Ich schrieb die Zeilen und wurde zum King
Und sie lieben mich jetzt
Doch können nicht glauben, wie einsam ich binCan't call it, can't call it
I never came from deep pockets
Why can't I make a deposit?
Can't call it, uh, can't call it, yuh

Oh, I had so many days of crying
Oh, I had so many days of pain
Have you ever been as sad as I am?
Lord, I ask if anything would change?
I can see the future that we're heading
I would say it's better not to tell
If it's anything like this in Heaven
Maybe I'd be better off in Hell
(Better off in Hell)

Miseducated, unemployed, get deployed in a week
Them snatch my body and my soul was exploited for free
Now occupations getting sold, shipped and sold overseas
Can't trust nobody like at all, to make sure I'm gone eat
All I see is distractions, distractions
My life just keep flashing and I'm flashing
Blue lights get behind you
And your little blood pressure start to climate up
My niggas be speaking in spirit, schooling me on timing (heh)
I went to sleep thinking them caves with spiders on my eyelids
So, so, so... So what you know 'bout shining? (heh)
Lord I've been dancing for days, hell I'm still shaking off slave
Beneath and dipped in diamonds
She claim I be so zoned and I can't leave her for one moment (heh)
Really I be so floated, carrier of these components
Of life and I still be trying to make sense of that jibber jabber
You right, I can tie this 'round my neck
Floating up that corporate ladder (uh)
Whether the levels matter or realistic I'd rather be a misfit
We get it crackin', we sip, mechanic actions
But I can't call it

Oh, I had so many days of crying
Oh, I had so many days of pain
Have you ever been as sad as I am?
Lord, I ask if anything would change?
I can see the future that we're heading
I would say it's better not to tell
If it's anything like this in Heaven
Maybe I'd be better off in hell
(Better off in hell)

Heavy duty, Hell on Earth
We've been feeling Heaven's duties
Even with these demons on us
Journey deep into atonement
Through the edges of my mind
I cannot give you my mind state
That shit like going on blind dates
I don't know how that bitch look
I could've been took, I'm keeping divine fate
Follow the lines straight and narrow
Never been one of my fine traits
I just been living the road, I don't got no home
I cannot define safe, 'rounding the bases I live in the times
Few of my niggas is running it with me
We've been surviving and keeping alive
Thankin' you God, God's great
Give me a pond, now lakes upon us
Look at the water, rinse out your eyes
You have been stuck in a blind state
Most of us out here just nickel and dime
Cook up a trip of the crime rate
But that's by design and we never snooze
Now I'm so awake, come step in my shoes, nigga

Can't call it, can't call it
I never came from deep pockets
Why can't I make a deposit?
Can't call it, uh, can't call it
Yeah, can't call it, I can't call it
I never came from deep pockets
Why can't I make a deposit?
Can't call it, yeah, I can't call it

I can see the future that we're heading
(Can't call it, can't call it)
I would say it's better not to tell
(I never came from deep pockets)
If it's anything like this in Heaven
(Why can't I make a deposit?)
Maybe I'd be better off in hell
(I can't call it, uh! I can't call it)
(Better off in Hell)

Let me get that last, that last
Let me get that last, that last
Can't call it, can't call
Can't call it, can't call
Can't call it, can't call

Uh, so far I done, uh, yeah, so far I done
Okay, so far I done managed to take advantage
I set a goal and of course it ain't take off like how I planned it
Granted, I want the globe and the planet where my hands is
Granted, I'm on my toes and I'm sick of standing
Sick of the bicker back and forth
The lifted pitch inside your voice
Cause I can't afford a picket fence and a porch
If I get in a pickle, I pull the pistol out my shorts
Payback on a pussy boy, so give me mines and give me yours
Give me time and let me finish to design the method
Enemy, the line, I stepped it
Point me in the wrong direction
Digging in the mind connecting
Everything I ever seen, ever done
Never was trying to set the gas to the fire
I prepped it, walking in shit that I stepped in

Oh, I had so many days of crying
Oh, I had so many days of pain
Have you ever been as sad as I am?
Lord, I ask if anything would change?
I can see the future that we're heading
I would say it's better not to tell
If it's anything like this in Heaven
Maybe I'd be better off in hell
(Better off in hell)

Activated (Activated, activated, aw man)
Native language, middle finger
How ironic? (How ironic, how ironic, aw man)
What it take to get it when you know you got it?
How you operating when you know your calling?
Glad he raised me 'cause I know my papa wasn't sober often
I ain't judging, woo, I get high
Now I'm the best to break out and lead 285
Sticking my chest out, putting my deuce up
Losing respect for the one's you like
Back in Georgia we whip it slow
Get pulled over and you could die
Fuck the bullshit, fuck the cool shit
Grab the burner, let's use our rights
Let's get rid of these fools tonight
What a decision, what a commitment
What are the limits when you decide?
Pop the moon-roof, ain't your voodoo
Hit the crib, get danky coo coo
Certified I could lead the new school
Word to Tribe, whole team is Zulu

Oh, I had so many days of crying
(Can't call it, can't call it)
Oh, I had so many days of pain
(I never came from deep pockets)
Have you ever been as sad as I am?
(Why can't I make a deposit?)
Lord, I ask if anything would change?
(I can't call it, uh! I can't call it)
I can see the future that we're heading
I would say it's better not to tell
If it's anything like this in Heaven
Maybe I'd be better off in Hell
(Better off in Hell)Ich steh vor einer Schlucht und muss aus Reflex eine Brücke bauen
Zu weit von zu Hause weg, um zurückzuschauen
Mit einem Schlag um meine Zukunft betrogen
Aber du hast mich zu gut erzogen, um zurückzuhauen
Mama, und du wartest nicht umsonst
Dein Junge kommt nach Haus, mich hat die Straße nicht bekomm'
Du hast gesagt es hat grade erst begonn'
Denn kleine Blumen wachsen und durchschlagen den Beton
Und ich bete, dass die Zeit nie vergeht, Mama
Du hast mir gezeigt wie man lebt, Mama
Ich bin so dankbar, wegen dir hab ich mich rausgetraut
Als Papa krank war hast du uns wieder aufgebaut
Deine Liebe ist enorm, Mama
Du hälst mich fest, wenn wir fliegen durch den Sturm
Und wird sich alles hier verbiegen und verform'
Deine Liebe bleibt die Gleiche, ohne sie bin ich verlorn'
Im Libanon geborn', haben die Krisen uns geformt
Hinter uns der Krieg, deshalb fliehen wir nach vorn
Du reagierst mit Frieden auf den Zorn
Du bist alles was ich bin, dafür gibt es nur ein Wort
Mama

Mein Magen knurrt, es ist kalt
Ich trag den Turban um den Hals und kämpfe für unser Brot, hey Mama
Rücken an der Wand, Gift in der Hand
Du hast einen kriminellen Sohn, hey Mama
Nachdem Vater starb, kam Abi in den Knast
Und Geld wurd zur Not, hey Mama
Ich schenk dir mein Herz und mein Blut
Ich schwör auf meine Mutter, ich geh in die Hölle nach dem Tod
Für Mama

Für Mama
Für Mama
Für Mama

Ich wurde groß zwischen Hochhäusern
Glaub mir, diesen Augen sahen mehr Drogen als Sonne
Von wo ich komme, sind solche wie du nicht willkommen, wie Bullen
Ein Bruder frisch aus dem Knast
Und drei werden schuldig gesprochen
Frisch ertappt am Tatort
Schäferhund beißt ihn durch ihre Knochen
Kosten steigen pro Quartal
Strom, Wasser, Gas
Während Drogenpreise sinken, Amphe, Koka, Hasch und Gras
Adoptiert von der Gosse
Offenbach am Main, ja dort bin ich geborn'
Mama, mach dir keine Sorgen, ich werd mich um dich sorgen
Für dich würd' ich morden, Mama

Mein Magen knurrt, es ist kalt
Ich trag den Turban um den Hals und kämpfe für unser Brot, hey Mama
Rücken an der Wand, Gift in der Hand
Du hast einen kriminellen Sohn, hey Mama
Nachdem Vater starb, kam Abi in den Knast
Und Geld wurd zur Not, hey Mama
Ich schenk dir mein Herz und mein Blut
Ich schwör auf meine Mutter, ich geh in die Hölle nach dem Tod
Für Mama

Für Mama
Für Mama
Für Mama4 Uhr in der Nacht draußen, ich bin hellwach
Bau ein baba L-Blatt mit Jungs von Karaelmas
Treff mich im Parkhaus mit meinem Ortak aus Belgrad
Sa4 - Du weißt, wer das Haze hat
Rote Augen wie vom Tränengas
Verkauf Siff in der Regenstadt, Blaulicht jeden Tag
CLS - Im Raumschiff durch die Gegend fahren
Fick das BKA und Rauschgiftdezernat
Für alle Jungs von Veddel bis Reeperbahn
Für die Hadjos mit Haschpacks in Cellophan
Für die Dagos, die flüchten vorm Peterwagen
Bin hier schon mein Leben lang, Digga du kannst jeden fragen
Egal ob Alman, Türke oder Afrikaner
Jeder von mein Jungs kennt die Straßen wie ein Taxifahrer
Tür auf, rein, raus, wir teilen den Gewinn
Am Hafen geboren, seit kleinauf mittendrin

Komm wir brechen die Gesetze, weil sonst macht es keinen Spaß
Mit einem Lächeln in der Fresse und zwar Tag für Tag
Komm wir rauchen Marihuana und wir kacken auf den Staat
Mit einem Lächeln wie Obama, singen La La La

Ah! Ich weiß nicht mehr wie es angefangen hat
6 Uhr morgens, ich bin drauf und die Schlampe jammert
Ich wurd' mein ganzes Leben angeprangert
Obwohl ich gut erzogen wurde, danke Mama
Schnipse mit den Fingern und sie kommen angedackelt
Guck mir zu, wie ich deine Schlampe tanzen lasse
Alkoholproblem? Tzz, Ansichtssache
Und behalt den Becher, Gzuz nimmt die ganze Flasche
187 - Diese Typen aus'm Netz
Jeden Tag verballert und verdienen damit Cash
Riesiges Geschäft, machen wieder unseren Job
Mit dem Kopf durch die Wand, es gibt niemand der uns stoppt
Rapper halten diesen Druck nicht mehr stand
Also kuck auf den Boden oder kuck an die Wand
Qualität setzt sich durch, komm wir knacken die Millionen
Jeden Tag am Limit, in meinem Nacken sitzt der Tod

Komm wir brechen die Gesetze, weil sonst macht es keinen Spaß
Mit einem Lächeln in der Fresse und zwar Tag für Tag
Komm wir rauchen Marihuana und wir kacken auf den Staat
Mit einem Lächeln wie Obama, singen La La La

(Haha Yeah Sa4) - Wir rauchen Marihuana Baby
(Gzuz) - Lass uns einen Polizeiwagen anpinkel
(Hehe komm) - Jaa Hahaha
(Jambeatz! La La La)So meine Freunde
Folgt mir geschwind ins Partyland
Dort bin ich überall bekannt
Ein kleiner Blick nach links, ein kleiner nach rechts
Und schon geht es los

Party hard, Party hard
Ich mach mir 'ne Schnitte
Party hard, Party hard
Ich möchte es bitte
Party hard, Party hard
Ich bin heut' am Start
Party hard, Party hard
Ich bin im Go-Kart

Denn ich dance mit de Gänse
D-D-D-D-Dance mit de Gänse

Olala Olala, es ist alles wunderbar, haah
Ich singe so froh
Ich lecke an dem Popo, hoho, hoho
Er sagt mir guten Tag, ich geb' auch einen aus
Es war 'ne kleine Biertrinkende Maus
Volle Bolle Golle, Soko Wolle Molle Rolle Bombe Fonze Gonze, Rentschi Benzi Wentschi Fenzi

Denn ich dance mit de Gänse
D-D-D-D-Dance mit de Gänse

Freunde, jetzt kommt der Zusatz
Der schmeckt lecker, wie beim Bäcker
Einmal ging ich die Wiese entlang
(whooooo)
Und einmal hatte ich 'ne Wiese an
(whooooo)
Das war der Zusatz, Dankeschön
Wir haben euch lieb, wir haben euch lieb

Denn ich dance mit de Gänse
D-D-D-D-Dance mit de Gänse

Ole Ole Ole Gänse
Denn das war's mit'm LiedJa, immer wenn du lachst, lacht mein
Herz nur wegen dir
Ja, immer wenn du lachst, lacht mein
Herz nur wegen dir

Oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

Ja, immer wenn du lachst, lacht mein
Herz nur wegen dir
(Nur wegen dir, Babe, ah, nur wegen dir, Babe, ah)
Und immer wenn du weinst, weint mein
Herz nur wegen dir
(Nur wegen dir, Babe, ah, nur wegen dir, Babe, ah)

Oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

Oh my Love, oh my Babe, my Babe
Ich mach' alles, damit es unserer Fam gut geht
Liebe die Art, wie du redest, die Art, wie du lebst
Liebe die Art, wie du mit meinen Problemen umgehst
Jedes Mal, wenn ich seh', wie du lachst
Fühl' ich mich so sicher, sammel' neue Kraft
Ich bin dir dankbar für alles, was du machst
Für alles, was du bist, für alles, was du hast
Ich liebe dich

Du
Bist der Grund, warum ich das hier tu'
(Nur wegen dir, Babe, ah, nur wegen dir, Babe, ah)
Du
Nur du bringst mich mit deinem Lachen um

Ja, immer wenn du lachst, lacht mein
Herz nur wegen dir
(Nur wegen dir, Babe, ah, nur wegen dir, Babe, ah)
Und immer wenn du weinst, weint mein
Herz nur wegen dir
(Nur wegen dir, Babe, ah, nur wegen dir, Babe, ah)

Ja, immer wenn du lachst, lacht mein
Herz nur wegen dir
(Nur wegen dir, Babe, ah, nur wegen dir, Babe, ah)
Und immer wenn du weinst, weint mein
Herz nur wegen dir
(Nur wegen dir, Babe, ah, nur wegen dir, Babe, ah)

Nur wegen dir, Babe, ah
Nur wegen dir, Babe, ah, nur wegen dir, Babe, ah
Nur wegen dir, Babe, ah, nur wegen dir, Babe, ahNimm mir alles, nimm meine letzten paar Cent, den Sportwagen
Die kostbarsten Diamanten, führe mich und meine Jungs in Handschellen ab
Jeden RAF-Fan, mein Eigentum, mein Apartment
Denn egal, wie hart ich fall’, ich spiele mich rauf wie die Nationalelf
Wieder bei Null als Verlierer, doch alles hol’ ich mir wieder
Jeden Platz, mit dem ich mich jemals in den Charts positioniert hab’
Während ihr Bierglas nach Bierglas in euch reinkippt, bin ich grad
Im Studio am ackern und ackern und ackern, denn so funktioniert das
Hunderte Male schon alles probiert, aber jedes Mal wieder der Laufpass
Neapolitanischer Wille, ein Rabe im Rücken, der stets auf mich aufpasst
Glaube dem Traumland der TV-Stars kaum was
Trainiere nicht den Flug, sondern den Aufprall, denn ich bin ein

„Hero“ - je mehr man mir nimmt, desto tiefer beiß’ ich
Es stärkt mein’ Instinkt, denn für immer bleib’ ich
Im Kopf ein Krieger, unkontrollierbar
Erst lebt, dann stirbt man und wird zum Hero

Ich wurde geschaffen, ferner von all deinem Neid und dem Rampenlicht
Geschmiedet im Dunkel der Nacht und leb’ von der Kraft, die mir mein Schatten gibt
Gesichter so hasserfüllt, so viele wollen hoch, aber schaffen’s nicht
So trag’ ich die Narben auf meiner Haut wie eine Rüstung und glaub mir, du knackst sie nicht
Ich blick’ in den Spiegel tief in die Augen und seh’, wie das Feuer noch brennt
Die Sinne so scharf, der Hunger noch da, ich bin dankbar für all mein Talent
Und auch wenn der Tag kommt, an dem mich das Schicksal nicht mehr liebt
Gott wieder nimmt, was er mir gibt, steh’ ich wieder auf wie aus Reflex
Hebe meine Fäuste hoch und kämpf’, auch weil ich’s nicht anders kenn’
Denn jeden Rückschlag, den ich kassier’, steckt meine Doppeldeckung weg
Ich komm’ dreimal stärker wieder, grade wenn niemand an mich denkt
Auch alleine gegen die Welt beiß’ ich mich fest - jetzt erst recht

„Hero“ - je mehr man mir nimmt, desto tiefer beiß’ ich
Es stärkt mein’ Instinkt, denn für immer bleib’ ich
Im Kopf ein Krieger, unkontrollierbar
Erst lebt, dann stirbt man und wird zum Hero

So oft schon geblutet, verloren in den Fluten
Doch nichts hält uns unten, man wird zum Hero
Die Zeit ließ mich verstehen:
Einer wird gehen, einer wird zum Hero
Ihr wollt, dass wir bluten - kommt und versucht es
Doch nichts hält uns unten, man wird zum Hero
Die Zeit ließ mich verstehen:
Einer wird gehen, einer wird zum HeroIch lieb' die Stimmung kurz bevor hier alles hochgeht
Und selbst die Feinde meiner Feinde wollen mich am Boden sehen
Alle meine Sorgen, lass sie gehen
Die gehen über Bord, ich lass sie gehen
Fange von vorn' an, lass sie gehen
Denk' nicht an morgen, lass sie gehen, lass sie gehen
Ich lass sie gehen, ich lass sie gehen, ich lass sie gehen
Ich lass sie gehen, ich lass sie gehen, ich lass sie gehen

Lasse die gehen, lasse die gehen
Nie wieder Plan B, danke, nee
Brauch auf Trophäen in Regalen von denen
Meinen Namen nicht auf den Pokalen zu sehen (ey)
Bin eingeladen aber geh (ey), zu der Preisgala da nicht hin (ey)
Will die scheiß Nazis gar nicht sehen (ey), dann ohne mich
Dreh' mich bloß um, um zu sehen, dreht sich jemand um, wenn ich geh'
Bild mir keine Meinung aus dieser Zeitung, die von Verleumdungen lebt
Nein, zum Teufel mit denen
Keine Schlagzeilen bitte, kann ohne ganz gut existieren
Ihr könnt gern reden und reden und reden und reden, doch bitte nie wieder mit mir!

Nee! Abstand, Abstand!
Ist mir wirklich viel zu nah dran, Kameras, Andrang
Zeig' ein klein wenig Anstand
Mache 'nen Abgang und lasse die stehen!

Ich lieb' die Stimmung kurz bevor hier alles hochgeht
Und selbst die Feinde meiner Feinde wollen mich am Boden sehen
Alle meine Sorgen, lass sie gehen
Die gehen über Bord, ich lass sie gehen
Fange von vorn' an, lass sie gehen
Denk' nicht an morgen, lass sie gehen, lass sie gehen
Ich lass sie gehen, ich lass sie gehen, ich lass sie gehen
Ich lass sie gehen, ich lass sie gehen, ich lass sie gehen

Homophobe Rapper labern nur Müll
Als ob die Deppen jemand anbaggern würd'
Wie sie verblendet, plus alt und verwirrt, in Sendungen ständig die Fassung verlieren
Ey, will mit euch nix zu tun haben, hab Freunde genug
Läuft so ganz gut, such' keine neuen Leute mehr
Der Kreis ist von heute an zu! (ja, ja)
Mein Erfolg verfolgt mich, merk' es häufig deutlich, wenn ich denn mal unter Leute geh
Bitte keine Fotos, heute nicht!
Die schreien mich an, wenn ich draußen bin
Fühl mich gejagt wie von Tausenden
Klingeln nachts wenn ich zuhause bin
Werde verdammt nochmal wahnsinnig!

Nee! Abstand, Abstand!
Ist mir wirklich viel zu nah dran, Kameras, Andrang
Zeig' ein klein wenig Anstand
Mache 'nen Abgang und lasse die stehen!

Ich lieb' die Stimmung kurz bevor hier alles hochgeht
Und selbst die Feinde meiner Feinde wollen mich am Boden sehen
Alle meine Sorgen, lass sie gehen
Die gehen über Bord, ich lass sie gehen
Fange von vorn' an, lass sie gehen
Denk' nicht an morgen, lass sie gehen, lass sie gehen
Ich lass sie gehen, ich lass sie gehen, ich lass sie gehen
Ich lass sie gehen, ich lass sie gehen, ich lass sie gehen

It's gonna be all right
Telling white lies
Of late nights
'Til the sunrise
Cause when we rise up we rise up above
All of the chaos
To get lost
Don't make me don't make me wake up
Cause I'm gonna be like a drug
That never gets old
Or gives hope
But baby you make me feel lovedWürd' ich die Welt beherrschen, würd' hier vieles anders laufen
Nix wär´ so wie heute, alles würd' anders aussehen
Sneaker für alle, Brunnen randvoll mit Wasser
Jeder geht zur Schule, lernt lesen, schreiben, Mathe
Reis und Mais dürften nicht mehr an die Börse
Wenn Herz zu haben nicht mehr cool ist
Bin ich ab heute Steve Urkel
Kein Kind wär´ Soldat oder Sklave
Keiner wird behandelt wie ein Tier aufgrund der Farbe
Seiner Haut, seiner Sprache, seines Glaubens oder Sex
Jeder, wie er will, solang' er den anderen lässt
Yeah, und keiner geht jemals hungrig schlafen
Alle hoffen und träum'
Eigentlich wächst, was wir brauchen, überall an den Bäumen
Stell dir mal vor, nur ein Tag wär' so wie dieser
Wie kannst du noch an was anderes glauben, außer an die Liebe?
Ich bin kein Prediger, ich sing´ hier nur mein´ Song
Wenn nur einer mit mir singt, war das alles nicht umsonst, ya

Du brauchst kein Heiliger zu sein, ein Mensch reicht
Und willst du alle Menschen retten, rette ein´
Was gibt es schlimmeres als anzusehen wie diese Welt weint?
Die Welt weint, die Welt, die Welt weint
Du brauchst kein Heiliger zu sein, ein Mensch reicht
Und willst du alle Menschen retten, rette ein´
Was könnte schöner sein als anzusehen wie diese Welt heilt?
Die Welt heilt, die Welt, die Welt heilt

Würd' ich die Welt beherrschen, würd' hier vieles anders laufen
Nix wär so wie heute, alles würd' anders aussehen
Alle kriegen Medizin, wenn sie sie brauchen
Deutschland macht die Türen auf
Und schiebt sie nicht nach draußen
Geld dient den Menschen, nicht, die Menschen dem Geld
Ein Herz, was schlägt, in der Brust zu tragen, das ist alles was zählt
Ich würd´ eine Arche bauen, so wie eine Mutter
Soll sie ihre Kinder tragen im Bauch und ihnen Schutz gewähren
Ghandhi, Mandela, Theresa
Du brauchst nicht sein wie sie, aber lern´ von diesen Lehrern
Für jeden sind die Rechte gleich, das nennt man Gerechtigkeit
Nicht, manche müssen spielen in
Müll und sammeln auf der Deponie die Reste ein
Danke jedem Arzt und jeder Schwester
Jedem, der dabei hilft die Welt ein bisschen zu verbessern
Und jeden Hundesohn, der über Leichen geht für Bares
Den soll der Teufel holen, das mein' ich so, wie ich es sage

Du brauchst kein Heiliger zu sein, ein Mensch reicht
Und willst du alle Menschen retten, rette ein´
Was gibt es schlimmeres als anzusehen wie diese Welt weint?
Die Welt weint, die Welt, die Welt weint
Du brauchst kein Heiliger zu sein, ein Mensch reicht
Und willst du alle Menschen retten, rette ein´
Was könnte schöner sein als anzusehen wie diese Welt heilt?
Die Welt heilt, die Welt, die Welt heiltStudent Resources• Introduction to Poetry Genius
• HarvardX Student User Guide (READ ME!)
• Prof. Laura Nasrallah and Dr. Margot Stevenson, "Study Guide for Reading Ancient Sources"
Paul's Letters• Romans
• 1 Corinthians
• 2 Corinthians
• Galatians
• Ephesians
• Philippians
• Colossians
• 1 Thessalonians
• 2 Thessalonians
• 1 Timothy
• 2 Timothy
• Titus
• Philemon
• Hebrews
ReadingsDay 1• Philemon DAY 1 (for DAY 13 see below)
Day 2• Philemon DAY 1 (for DAY 13 see below)
• Prescripts
Day 3 • Romans 16
• "A Boy's Letter"
• Isias, "Isias to Hephaistion: Time to come home!"
Day 4• Galatians 1 (especially 1:1-3:1)
• Romans 1 (1:1-17)
• Martin Luther King, Jr., "A Letter From Birmingham Jail"
Day 5• 1 Corinthians 15:1-11
• Galatians 1-2
• Philippians 3
• 2 Peter 3 (3:15-16)
• Athanasius, Thirty-Ninth Festal Letter
• Eusebius of Caesarea, Ecclesiastical History (Book 3, Chapter 25: The Divine Scriptures)
From Wayne Meeks and John Fitzgerald, eds., The Writings of St. Paul:
• “Ascents of James” (Epiphanius, Pan. haer. 30.16.6-9)
• The Cerinthians (ibid., 28.5.1-3)
• Selections from “The Preachings of Peter" (Selections from Pseudo-Clement, "Homilies")
• Selections of Clementine Recognitions
• Irenaeus, Against the heresies 1.41.1 on Marcion
Day 6 • 1 Corinthians 7
• Mary E. Goodwin, "Racial Roots and Religion An Interview with Howard Thurman"
• Krister Stendahl, "Why I Love the Bible"
• John Dominic Crossan, "A New New Testament" (Forward)
• Hal Taussig, "A New New Testament" (Introduction)
• F.F. Bruce, "Tradition and the Canon of Scripture"
Day 7 • Polybius, "The Histories" (Chapters 1-2)
• Polybius, "The Histories" (Chapter 4)
• Daniel 2
• 1 Corinthians 10-12
Day 8• Josephus, "The Jewish War" (2.119-166)
• Josephus, "The Jewish War" (2.254-270)
• Josephus, "Antiquities" (18.1)
Day 9• "Letter of Paulus Fabius Maximus and Decrees by Asians Concerning the Provincial Calendar" (Frederick W. Danker)
• Tacitus, "Histories" (4.81)
• John 9:1-12
• 1 Corinthians 1-4
• Romans 13
Day 10 • 1 Corinthians
• 2 Corinthians
• Aristotle, "Politics" (Book I)
• Justinian, "Digest" (21)
Day 11 • 1 Corinthians
• Galatians 3-4
• 2 Corinthians 10-12
• The Wisdom of Solomon
Day 12 • Aristotle, "Politics" (Book I)
• 1 Corinthians
• 1 Timothy (esp. chapters 2-3)
• Colossians 2:20-4:1
• Ephesians 5:21-6:20
• "Acts of Paul and Thecla" (Wilhelm Schneemelcher)
• Tertullian, "Chapter XVII: Of the Power of Conferring Baptism" (On Baptism)
Day 13 • Philemon DAY 13Einige Rapper machen wieder mal auf Palaver, wohin mit den'?
Bring mir den Rapper, der Welle macht und ich kille den
KC, ich bin King und bringe Killer-Parts
Und ficke Klitschko als wär mein Name Phillip Lahm
Raps Zinedine Zidane, meine Songs sind dir zu extrem
Spucke Bomben in das Rapgame, bin ein Monster, wenn's um Rap geht
Ha, nur weil du Ficker jetzt auf Tracks spittest
Willst du im Benz sitzen und denken, du wärst Xzibit
Ich habe 'nen Basey, yarrak, und sogar Lady Gaga
Will an meinem Ery sabbern und sagt:
"KC Baba, bitte nimm mich von hinten, Hardcore Daddy!"
Und ich nehme sie von hinten und mache den Balotelli
Sie sagt: "Richtig hübscher Schwanz", ich sag:
"Danke! Der ist mittlerweile wie mein bester Freund
Mit mir durch Dick und Dünn gegangen!"
Bin ich weg, nachdem die Schlampe mir den Schwanz wegbläst
Ist sie wie ein Rugby-Tor, weil ihr die Latte fehlt

Rap- Raprebell, geh und lass mal deine Filme sein
Rap- Raprebell, oder ich knall ihn dir von hinten rein
Rap- Raprebell, mach nicht auf Prinzi wie Sissi
Rap- Raprebell, Rap Rebell, Rebellizzzy
Rap- Raprebell, geh und lass mal deine Filme sein
Rap- Raprebell, oder ich knall ihn dir von hinten rein
Rap- Raprebell, Alter was für Grafitti
Rap- Raprebell, Rap Rebell, Rebellizzzy

Drive-by, Crimetime, es knallt aus dem Hummer, der
Schwarze Scheiben hat wie ein Schallplattensammler
Ich knalle dein Schädel gegen die Windschutzscheibe
Weil ich der deutsche Kimbo Slice bin
Ich bin bereit, in dein Fleisch so wie Butter zu schneiden
Wessen Klinge bringt heute deine Mutter zum Weinen
Ich bin Organ-Mafia, stech in deine Leber und deine Milz, Mann
Und stecke dir dein Schädel in dein Hintern, neben dem Blinddarm
Rap Rap Rebell, Rap Rebell, Rebellizzzy
Mach nicht auf Ghetto-Kiddy mit deinem Shirt von Hello Kitty
Ich trage die Weste Gucci und habe nur Sex mit Groupies
Mein Leben ist Beste, Brudi, seit 2 Jahren ein Action-Movie
Nur dass ich ab und zu Stress mit dem Finanzamt hab
Doch das Finanzamt ist ein Hund wie dieser Rantanplan
Mein Album sprengt alles, andale, andale
Warum sie mich lieben, denn bei mir stimmt das Gesamtpaket
Jeder Flow, den ich flow, jeder Hit, den ich kick
Jeder Rhyme, den ich rhyme, jeder Spit, den ich spit
Das ist ein ganz anderer Maßstab wie beim Stathoskop
Was Beef, ich rechne in Bars ab wie ein Gastronom

Rap- Raprebell, geh und lass mal deine Filme sein
Rap- Raprebell, oder ich knall ihn dir von hinten rein
Rap- Raprebell, mach nicht auf Prinzi wie Sissi
Rap- Raprebell, Rap Rebell, Rebellizzzy
Rap- Raprebell, geh und lass mal deine Filme sein
Rap- Raprebell, oder ich knall ihn dir von hinten rein
Rap- Raprebell, Alter was für Grafitti
Rap- Raprebell, Rap Rebell, RebellizzzyPrepare yourselves
For a rap battle unlike any you've heard before
They've got the wholesome heals, the biggest buffs
The strongest support around
Take it away!

It's time for your prognosis, the doctor is in
Heroes never die, but you're not one of them
I arrive on swift wings, like a bird in a hurry
If you have an emergency, get word out to Mercy
I may have a halo, but I'm no angel
With my damage buffs I can make your life painful
Who will patch you up after I've hurt you badly?
Better call the medic - oh wait, that's me!

(Haha)
Prepare for your examination
If you don't have your papers then you face extermination
Pardon me, frau, how did you become a doctor?
Where I'm from, only men get that job offer
Did I strike a nerve? Yes, I think it's working!
See, healing is not as rewarding as the hurting
You were doomed from the start, dummkopf
And your lyrics are almost as weak as you are

I'm at the top of my field
I could give you guidance
After all, I heard about how you lost your license
Messing with me isn't healthy, here's a warning
After this battle take some aspirin
And call me back in the morning
For your sake, I hope that you can self-heal quickly
I can glide and fly, good luck keeping up with me
Pity on your bad rhymes always flatline
On a scale of 1 to 10, where's your pain at?

NEIN!
Stay where you belong, on the sidelines
Or the only flatlining will be your vital signs
Your healing stream won't clean up this bloodbath
My Ubercharge is Wunderbar, your skills are Wunderbad
I haven't lost my sanity, I'm simply going mad
Kill them all! Those are just the voices in my head
Wait, hold the mic, I need to heal my team, stat!

So do I, sorry, we'll be right back!

I can give you strength
I can make you tough
I will heal all your pain
And your attack will be buffed
If I can't use weapons, or defend you with violence
I'll have your back and help you kill them with kindness

Alright, enough with that scheisse!

Watch your language, schweinhund!

Hey! That's my word!

I know, because it describes you perfectly

Let me give you some doctor-assisted homicide

Hold on, am I speaking to Jekyll or Hyde?
My diagnosis - split personality
Check your mail, I'll send my consultation fee
But it doesn't take a doctor to see that
There is no prescription to treat whatever he has
Your overheal is overrated
A quick-fix won't save you from being outdated
My ultimate can raise the dead from the grave

But be careful when you use it, it might go to waste!
You'll never get close enough to put it in action
Have you ever seen combat? Or are you always this passive?
I hope you have no phobia with syringes
Because it wasn't medicine that I've put in them
Soon I'll be saying, auf wiedersehen
As for the XP I've gained, Danke Schoen
My ubercharge is almost ready my friends

But if you get killed you'll have to recharge it again
Could I borrow your bonesaw for one moment, dear?
I'm performing an autopsy on your career
Ever heard of the Hippocratic Oath?

REDRUM, REDRUM!

I didn't think so
How ironic, Mercy destroyed ya
And I enjoyed it - schadenfreude

Above all else, do no harm
You won't have that problem with your wimpy sidearm
When I use my crossbow my range is even longer
If you wanted to do that, you'd have to talk to Ana
I would finish you off, but my team can do the rest
I have better things to do - Oktoberfest!

Wait a second medic, my team needs health again!

So does mine, why am I the only one helping them?

You will be cared for
You'll be kept alive
I can be your support
Just try not to let me die
I'm defending our dps, and buffing our tanks
It just sucks when no one gives us a "thanks"

Nobody wants to thank you, they all think you are crazy!

I will murder them all!

You need professional help, and I'm here to listen
I know your ego is in critical condition

(Haha)
Speaking of critical, taste my Kritzkrieg!
And I'm so quick, Widowmaker couldn't hit me!
You are snail, I am schnell

Say hello to Adolf when you see him in hell
Biohazard - my rhymes are dirty

At the end of this rap, I will show no Mercy!

Maybe we can reach a medicinal agreement

When it comes to healers, everybody needs them
And we get no credit!

Well said, Medic!

Hey, can I get a heal over here?

FORGET IT!

I'm done cleaning up
Cause I quit this job
I've been working my ass off
Like a single mom
When a healer's neglected, then you'll all end up dead
Next time I die I'll just respawn as offense!


Hey, can I get a heal over here?
Where are the healers at?
Come on, I've died, like, three times, where are the healers?
I need some heals!
Somebody? Can I get some support?
We need some heal- ugh oh my god
I need a res!
Hello?
Oh come on, why weren't you buffing my attack?
Ugh
Somebody!
Can I get a res?Wenn die Dunkelheit über mich hereinbricht
Und's nicht aufhört zu regnen
Ich ins Schleudern gerate, stolpre
Und drohe zu fallen
Bist du mein Geländer und mein Licht
Auf all meinen Wegen
Meine Stütze und mein Stab
Mein Stecken, mein Boden
Und mein Halt
Was ich sagen will
Ich bau auf dich
Ich glaub an dich
Ich brauche dich
Wie sonst nichts auf dieser Welt
Wenn ich einsam bin
Schwach und verloren
Mich friert und ich fürchten
Mir der Boden entzogen wird
Ich stürze und Übel mich plagen
Schenkst du mir die Kraft und
Geborgenheit nach der mich dürstet
Wie oft hast du mich schon gerettet
Beflügelt und getragen
Was ich sagen will ist
Ich bau auf dich
Ich glaub an dich
Ich brauche dich
Wie sonst nichts auf dieser Welt
Alles was ich sagen will ist
Ich glaub an dich
Ich vertraue auf dich
Ich bau auf dich
Herr, du bist der Fels
Mein Herz ist fröhlich und ich will dir danken mit meinem Lied
Für die Gnaden und den Frieden
Und das Glück, das du mir offenbarst
Für die Burg, die du bist und die Zuflucht, die du ganz allein gibst
Für die Liebe, die Perspektive, Ekenntnis, Freiheit, Hoffnung und die Kraft
Alles, was ich sagen will ist
Ich bau auf dich
Ich glaub an dich
Und ich brauche dich
Wie sonst nichts auf dieser Welt
Oh
Ich glaub an dich
Oh
Ich vertrau auf dich
Ich bau auf dich
Herr, du bist der FelsYeah, ah

Vater unser, führ mich nicht in Versuchung
Bewahr mich vor der Ruhmsucht, heute und auch in Zukunft
Fick den Fame, ich füll meinem Clan die Taschen
Sag, wie viel Talent passt unter eine Maske?
Deine Wege sind unergründlich, ja, es stimmt
Ich musste durch die Hölle gehen, nur um mich selbst zu finden
Und als ich wanderte im finsteren Tal
War ich dem Himmel so nah, dass ich das weiße Licht sah
Mein ganzes Leben lang, seit ich klein war, erzählte man mir
Wenn ich an dich glaube und jeden Tag fleißig bete, dann
Bliebst du bei mir, was immer hier auch passiert
Doch von Zeit von Zeit kannst
Scheinbar auch du mal ein' Schaf verlieren
Hab mich stark gemacht in jeder sternklaren Nacht
Auf der Couch hab ich über dich und die Herde nachgedacht
Ich wünsch euch Glück, wo immer ihr grade seid
Doch ich werde euch nicht folgen, ich finde mein' Weg allein

Wir sind alleine, allein am Firmament
Wir wollen scheinen, dafür, dass man den Weg zu uns erkennt
Wir leuchten hell, denn wir fürchten die Dunkelheit
Bis wir verglühen und nur ein letztes Funkeln bleibt
Wir sind Sterne, allein am Firmament
Wir würden sterben, dafür, dass man den Weg zu uns erkennt
Wir leuchten hell, denn wir fürchten die Dunkelheit
Bis wir verglühen

Ob's sie gibt oder nicht, das spielt für mich keine Rolle
Vielen gibst du Hoffnung, ich bin gut ohne dich ausgekommen
Wenn ich falsch lieg - umso besser, das spendet Trost
Ich bin dankbar für dieses Leben voll Inspiration
Nach dem Tod, es wär so schön, zu bleiben
Wenn unsere Seelen schwerelos in die Höhe steigen
Wer weiß, vielleicht find ich dann ja zurück zur Herde
Ich weiß, allein der Glaube, er verrückt die Berge

Glaube verrückt Werte, sieh die verrückten Bärte
Vorrücken, uns Lichtjahre zurückwerfen
Sieh sie das Sichtbare mit Blindheit strafen
Wölfe im Schafspelz, sieh, sie schlafen mit den Schafen
Sieh, sie schmieden Schwerter aus Pflugscharen
Sie, die im Herzen Wut, an ihren Händen Blut haben
Sieh, wie sie Freiheit beugen, Wahrheit leugnen
Sieh ihre Feigheit, wenn sie die Liebe wie den Feind beäugen
Seit ich die Augen auftat, im Arm der Hebamme
Such ich das Firmament ab nach Russells Teekanne
Sezier die Welt mit Ockhams Rasierklinge
Wer glaubt wird seelig, doch nur wer fragt, kapiert Dinge
Bet Gebetsmühlen, murmel mein Mantra
Ich roll den Fels den Berg hoch, so oft wie kein Anderer
Dreh mich im Kreis gleich persischer
Derwische Musik ist Mystik, die Verse sind irdische

Yo, Karuzo. Vielleicht find'st du die Herde
Und wer zu viel in die Sonne schaut, wird blind für die Erde

Wir sind alleine, allein am Firmament
Wir wollen scheinen, dafür, dass man den Weg zu uns erkennt
Wir leuchten hell, denn wir fürchten die Dunkelheit
Bis wir verglühen und nur ein letztes Funkeln bleibt
Wir sind Sterne - allein am Firmament
Wir würden sterben, dafür, dass man den Weg zu uns erkennt
Wir leuchten hell, denn wir fürchten die Dunkelheit
Bis wir verglühenDeine Mama wurde schwanger, und wir hatten viel Streit
War auf Tour und im Studio, ich hatte nie Zeit
Wir hatten keine Wohnung, wir waren immer nur zu Gast
Und Mama war gestresst, weil du kein Kinderzimmer hast
Dann haben wir's geschafft und auf einmal warst du da
Alle Sorgen waren wie weggespült, an diesem einen Tag
Ich hab zum ersten mal vor Freude geweint
Dich auf den Arm genommen und meinen ganzen Freunden gezeigt
Dein Onkel war im Knast doch wir haben ihn besucht
Und er war so happy, dieser tag tat ihm gut
Du sahst aus wie ne Bohne, hast fast nur geschlafen (He)
Wurdest nachts wach, ich hab dich getragen
Die Augen deiner Mutter und die Lippen sind von mir
Ich guck dich morgens an, und mein Glück ist definiert
Jetzt liegst du hier, unter meiner Decke
Du bist mein Hauptgewinn, du hast mich gerettet

18.7.2012, raus aus dem Bauch rauf auf die Welt
Dieser Tag hat mich verändert und ich danke dir dafür
Der Sinn des Lebens ich fang an ihn zu kapieren
Es war der 18.7.2012, raus aus dem Bauch rauf auf die Welt
Dieser Tag hat mich gerettet, Schatz ich danke dir dafür
Ihr seit mein Leben, ich hab Angst es zu verlieren

Deine Haare werden länger, langsam hast du ne Frisur
Ab und zu bist du genervt von mir, dann lass ich dich in Ruhe
Guck dir zu wenn du schläfst, kann es immer nich nicht glauben
Auf einmal sagst du Papa und auf einmal kannst du laufen
Auf einmal räumst du auf und jetzt trinkst du aus nem Glas
Und ich fahre dich zum Kindergarten und es bringt mir Spaß
Ein Herz und eine Seele
Und du hörst zu wenn ich rede
Und versuchst zu verstehen
Deine ersten Zähne, verdammt ging das schnell
Nehm dich an die Hand, komm wir wandern durch die Welt
Dein Held, dein Papa, den du liebst
Komm ich bastel uns ein Beat
Und dann machen wir Musik
Jetzt malst du schon Bilder und Spielst mit deinen Sachen
Bringst mich zum Lachen, was würd ich ohne dich machen?
Baby, ich bin immer da für dich, solange ich noch atme
Und freu mich auf die nächsten Jahre

18.7.2012, raus aus dem Bauch rauf auf die Welt
Dieser Tag hat mich verändert und ich danke dir dafür
Der Sinn des Lebens ich fang an ihn zu kapieren
Es war der 18.7.2012, raus aus dem Bauch rauf auf die Welt
Dieser Tag hat mich gerettet, Schatz ich danke dir dafür
Ihr seit mein Leben, ich hab Angst es zu verlieren

18.7.2012Bevor ich geh, muss ich noch diesen Part zu Ende schreiben
Ich muss mit Papa klar komm' und auch Mom die Hände reichen
Jedes mal wenn wir uns streiten tut es mir so leid
Weil ich so viel verreis kann ich heut wieder
Nicht zum Abendessen bleiben
Bevor ich geh muss ich mein Werk hier noch vollenden
Meine Freunde ihr sollt wissen dass ich sehr viel an euch denke
Meine Frau, weiß genau dass ihr mein Herz gehört
Ich schenke ihr den letzten Augenblick
Sie ist das Beste was ich seh bevor ich geh
Schieb ich nochmal all den Trubel vor mich hin
Um mehr Zeit mit der Tochter meines Bruders zu verbring'
Auch mein Neffe wurd geborn'
Ich würd alles dafür geben zu
Erleben wie die Beiden mal als Jugendliche sind
In der Schule schon als Kind
Suchte ich den Sinn
Auch mein Vater schrieb Gedichte
Und sein Blut ist in mir drin
Und so führten diese Spuren mich hierhin
Um ein allerletztes mal mit dem Publikum zu singen

Bevor ich geh, hab ich alles versucht und alles wird gut und
Bevor ich geh, nur meine Seele bleibt hier
Bevor ich geh, hab ich alles gegeben, alles im Leben
Bevor ich geh, bin ich noch einmal bei dir
Bevor ich geh, Bevor ich geh
Bevor ich geh, Bevor ich geh
Bevor ich geh

Muss ich noch diesen Part zu Ende schreiben
Ich schreib euch diesen Part  um meine Taten zu begleichen
Denn es war nicht immer leicht wir alle warten auf ein Zeichen
Doch die Wahrheit ist oft nichtmal mit Tentakeln zu begreifen
Wenn dich die Leute überhaupt nicht mehr verstehn wolln'
Es jedem recht zu machen ich weiß auch nicht wie das gehn soll
Also schließ ich meine Augen und erzähl euch
Aus meinem Leben auch wenn wieder Tränen rolln'
Bevor ich geh versend ich einen letzten lieben Gruß
Embryo ich hoffe dass du jetzt in Frieden ruhst
Ich lass keinen von euch einfach so stehn
Ohne euch dafür zu danken
Denn erst dann bin ich bereit um zu gehn
Und ich denke an Zuhause wenn ich träum
Traurig wenn die Dinge nicht so laufen wie sie solln'
Die Sinne sind benebelt meine Haut ist wie betäubt
Mein allerletzter Augenblick mit euch

Bevor ich geh hab ich alles versucht und alles wird gut und
Bevor ich geh nur meine Seele bleibt hier
Bevor ich geh hab ich alles gegeben alles im Leben
Bevor ich geh bin ich noch einmal bei dir
Bevor ich geh, Bevor ich geh
Bevor ich geh, Bevor ich geh
Bevor ich gehIch baute mein Schloss auf Sand und lief los
Studierte die Straße - trotz Handelsverbot
Die Sonne im Rücken, die Kripos im Wagen
Versenkte mein Plus in Spielautomaten
Zu der Zeit, als wir Hasch in OCBs rollten
Und meine Feinde mich tot sehen wollten
Wurd' das Kinderzimmer zum Umschlagsplatz
Die Weiber lieben dich, wenn du Umsatz machst
Auf den Treueschwur folgt: "Wir lieben dich"
Doch diese Bordsteinschwalben, sie fliegen nicht
Zwischen Straße, U-Haft und Nuttendiesel
Werden Alibis wasserdicht wie Gummistiefel
Von Neid begleitet auf dem Weg nach oben
Vorbei an Gesindel und Pädagogen
Jung, kriminell und schwer erziehbar
Doch all das Geld färbte mein Herz nie lila
(2x)
Wer, wenn nicht ich, sag: Wer
Macht, dass die Blocks schreien, sie wollen mehr?
Aus der Wüste kam ich hierher
Jeder: Na-Na-Na-Na-Na-Na-Nazizi!

Sie raten mir, meinen Bart zu kürzen
Mich anzupassen, um die Charts zu stürmen
Rap-Superstar aus dem Flüchtlingslager
Jilet-Musik wie Müslüm Baba
Ich kam von Schuften für Euros zu Seidenhemd
Kam vom Opel Cadett zu weißem Benz
Ich danke keinem von euch, außer meinen Fans
Ich hab den Sip in der Hand und die Eichel glänzt
Und weil du wichsen musst, während ich Bitches bums'
Mit Körbchengroße circa XX Plus
Scheinst du frustiert, während ich Mädchen treffe
Knusprig und braungebrannt wie Peking-Ente
Ich hab' keine Zeit für eure Märchenwelt
All der Fame dient mir nur als Schmerzensgeld
Nazizi! - Sogar deine Frau muss jetzt klatschen
Ich fick' deutschen Rap, bis mir Bauchmuskeln wachsen
(2x)
Wer, wenn nicht ich, sag: Wer
Macht, dass die Blocks schreien, sie wollen mehr?
Aus der Wüste kam ich hierher
Jeder: Na-Na-Na-Na-Na-Na-Nazizi!

Sag, was du willst, doch ich weiß, was zu tun ist
Raus aus dem Schatten, direkt in das Flutlicht
Wer von euch Wichsern erweist sich als mutig?
Schlägereien sind wie Steaks - ich mag sie blutig
Komm ran, ich fick' dich, egal, wen du kennst
Die Straße gehört mir, Mercedes Benz
Yallah, habibi, Dadashe man hasti
So oder so, deutscher Rap ist ein Spasti
Die Wahrheit tut weh, sieh, ich wollte nie hart sein
Doch Talion machte mich hier zu 'nem Staatsfeind
Sag was du willst, doch ich rolle weiter
Ihr seid islamophob wie Marcus Staiger
(2x)
Wer, wenn nicht ich, sag: Wer
Macht, dass die Blocks schreien, sie wollen mehr?
Aus der Wüste kam ich hierher
Jeder: Na-Na-Na-Na-Na-Na-Nazizi!Sano HYI! Tota likkaa
Hasla juoksee karkuun sä oot hippa
Vaik sä kallista sippaat ja vanhemmat rikkaat
Et oo mitään muuta ku likanen kikka! Sano Hyi!
Sano Hyi! Hyi! Hyi! Hyi! Hyi!
Hasla sanoo Hyi! Hyi! Hyi! Hyi! Hyi!
Hasla sanoo Hyi! Hyi! Hyi! Hyi!
Aito Mäkki sanoo Hyi! Hyi! Hyi! Hyi! Hyi!

Adi L Hasla, Don Magic Juan
Kuulin et mun habi frendejäs vituttaa
Ennen oli niin vaikeeta vilkuttaa
Nyt sä haluut vai mun kuvii seinään ripustaa
Tää pöytä on varattu mulle ja mun minttuteekannulle
Joten kotka, kierrä tiskin kautta
Ja tuo samalla reissul käsipyyhe mulle
Adi L Hasla, naisille vapautta
Mut et sä Instagramist saa aitoo rakkautta
Ei  moraaleja rapauta
Vaa pitää tason, noita nollia napauta
Mut  venytä niit nivusii
Mieshistoriat jotain, sata-sivusii
Älä tuu mun hihast nykii
Nousee status ja mun koirat sanoo "Hyi!"

Räppäreil on aina mieles kolme sanaa:
Blondei, viinaa ja rahaa ja sitä palaa
Mahaa Galle hoitaa hanhenmaksapalleroita
Klubil jano ku joulupukil
Mun pupillit nii bullit et sä sulit
Likka haluu kliimaksii
Ku tääl on mä, meitsi ja mun skiimaski
Mietit milt tuntuu juosta kyttii hanee
Tai pääsis mun kaa lentokoneessa panee

Tippa-T Nuori Kukko suoraan Turust
Mä nappaan nugetit ja sulle jää vaan murut
Mä sanon "Hyi, irti mun takist!"
Pitää säilyy kiiltävänä tämä mun habi
Haluut nähä luodinreiän meikän snapbackis
Silti oon sun lempiräppärisi lempiräppäri
("Hyi hyi!)
Kun oot mestoil oon piilos
Eli hei hutsu poistu nyt jo kiitos
Hyi! Hyi! Hyi! Hyi! Hyi!
Ja se kube sanoo "Hyi! Hyi! Hyi! Hyi! Hyi!"
Ruma sanoo "Hyi! Hyi! Hyi! Hyi!"
Ja Kube sanoo "Hyi! Hyi! Hyi! Hyi! Hyi!"

Kun mä kuulin sun räpit sanoin "Hyi"
Kun mä haistoin sun dänkit sanoin "Hyi vit"
Kun mä näin sun hoidon sanoin "Yäk"
Jäbä ei oo todellakaa voitolla yös
Voi olla myös, et oon vääräs mut tuskin
Mä en maista pussyy jos en haista Guccii
Sä et maista Jussii, jos et oo putsi
Ei likast, ei pikast
Älä roiku mun hihas hou!

Mun ei tarvii ku lavalle astella
Ne ei tiedä mun nimee mut ne on kiinni mun lahkeissa
 on pelkkää saastetta
Likanen skänkki älä revi mun vaatteita!
Sul ei oo varaa niihin
Oot pelkkä parasiitti
Haaroväli kasteessa haluut mun 
Mut chänssii ei oo, ei oo, ei oo
Ei juomii mun piikkiin
Oot haluttu ku HIV bitch!

Aito Mäkki hei kukas muu
Mä oon varmaa koko paikas joka ei oo sua pumpannu
Sä oot blondi puudeli jol on turpa puuteris
Jol meni tunteisii ku mä näin sun feikki Burberryn
Ennen ku tuut esii muista suuvesi
Ja ettei tunteet kuumenis pysy mummo tunnelis
Tääl haisee palaneelta, sä näytät rataselta
Pyysit mua vessaan rykii kannen päältä alakertaan
Naaman litteys ku oisit törmänny rekkaan
Söpösti pyöree punapää nuori Sally Spectra
"Get it?"
En mä pysty sua treffaa
Oot Eldorado, Rainbow, ES ja Xtra
(Halpis!)
Ja sit sä pyysit viel nimmarii hinkkeihi
Sut löytää Tinderist pukeutuneen stringeihi
Profiilikuvassa sun lärvi pelkkää pikselii
Eikä vodka mikserii
Heikennä mun filtterii

Sano HYI! Tota likkaa
Hasla juoksee karkuun sä oot hippa
Vaik sä kallista sippaat ja vanhemmat rikkaat
Et oo mitään muuta ku likanen kikka! Sano Hyi!And now..
The Nations of the World
Brought to you by
Count Dankula!
Child soldiers
Cheap labour
Alcoholism
And that place that has all the rice
Filthy cockroaches
And thieving wee gypsies
And the place that got fucking nuked twice
Hitmen on scooters
And edgy school shooters
And the one where the president's a cuck
The one where it's sunny
The one with no money
And the one that is completely fucked
Muslims
And Muslims
And Muslims
And Muslims
And also that one with the jews
All of the Slavs that removed the kebabs
And the ones that can't poo in the loo
Democrat backers
And those pesky hackers
The one with the terrorist attacks
Really hot wammen
The one with the famine
And the one that want white people back
Pedos and Ladyboys
Boomerang chuckers
And that one that is really small
The Mafia
Black Metal
A fat guy with nukes
BUILD THE FUCKING WALL!
AIDS
AIDS
AIDS
AIDS
The one where they all touch kids
The one that has a really funny name
And the one that can suck my DICKUnd mir blieb keine Zeit um "Wiedersehen!" zu sagen
Doch vergießt meinetwegen bitte keine Tränen
Ich hab' mein Ding gemacht, folgte meinem Traum blind
Was willst du tun, wenn das Schicksal seinen Lauf nimmt?
Ich kann den Schmerz, den ihr fühlt in euren Augen sehen
Denn hier und jetzt müsst ihr ohne mich nach Hause gehen
Ich hör' die Vögeln zwitschern und dann den Wind pfeifen
Und stelle fest das wir fürs Wesentliche blind bleiben
Alles vergänglich außer Erkenntnis
Außer wahrer Liebe, denn sie ist unendlich
Schließ deine Augen und sag mir, was du siehst
Wofür hast du gelebt, wenn dich hier keiner liebt?
Jetzt steht ihr da, ganz in schwarz, ein letztes Mal
Ich hör' die Jungs sagen, dass ich der Beste war
Danke dafür, ich bereue keinen Tag
Und sie schaufeln Erde auf mein Grab

Du erfährst die Wahrheit erst am Ende
Wenn deine Seele sich vom Körper trennt
Aus Fremden werden plötzlich Freunde
Und Freunde werden plötzlich fremd

Ich hör' sie reden, schluchzen und weinen
Freunde, Familie, all meine Liebe
Sogar die Heuchler sind heute hier
Nur um so zu tun, als ob sie einen Freund verlieren
Doch ich weiß, was ein Freund ist und wer für mich da war
Niemand ersetzt den Platz von meinem Vater
Wie könnte es anders sein? - Ich seh' Mama weinen
Doch zum Glück weiß ich: Sie bleibt nicht ganz allein
Seh', dass meine Schwester sie in den Arm nimmt
Mit Tränen im Gesicht, weil ich nicht länger da bin
Doch weint nicht um mich, denn meine Liebe bleibt
Hier bei euch für immer, auch in dieser Zeit!
Sogar meine Ex ist heute gekommen
Jahrelang hast du dich wie der Teufel benommen
Heute tut es dir leid und jetzt weinst du um mich
Es tut mir auch leid, doch ich scheiß' auf dich, Bitch
Lass hier und jetzt meine Feinde wissen:
Auch wenn ihr glaubt ich besäße kein Gewissen
Mit mir zusammen begraben wir das Kriegsbeil
Doch selbst im Himmel, Freunde werden wir nie sein
Aber Scheiß drauf, möge Gott euch verzeihen
Mich hier liegen zu sehen muss euch eine Freude sein
Es ist, wie es ist und die Wahrheit tut weh
Doch am Ende bleiben nur unsere Taten bestehen

Du erfährst die Wahrheit erst am Ende
Wenn deine Seele sich vom Körper trennt
Aus Fremden werden plötzlich Freunde
Und Freunde werden plötzlich fremd

Sag mir: Warum sollte ich meine Zeit vergeuden
Mit Menschen, die mir nicht mal einen Scheiß bedeuten?
Circa 80 Jahre sind nur wenig Zeit
Wenig Zeit verglichen mit der Ewigkeit
Dieses Leben ist ein Test und es formt uns hier
Von links nach rechts bis wir unsere Form verlieren
Jeder Tag ist ein Test, all die Tränen sind echt
Und nur wahre Liebe macht dieses Leben perfekt
(x2)
Du erfährst die Wahrheit erst am Ende
Wenn deine Seele sich vom Körper trennt
Aus Fremden werden plötzlich Freunde
Und Freunde werden plötzlich fremdIch bin im Tief gewesen
Ich hab mir Zeit gelassen
Ich fühle mich als hab ich meinen Verstand verloren
Es fühlt sich an als wäre mein Leben nicht meins
Wer kann es verstehen?
Ich bin im Tief gewesen
Ich hab mir Zeit gelassen
Ich fühle mich als hab ich meinen Verstand verloren
Es fühlt sich an als wäre mein Leben nicht meins

Ich will nicht lebendig sein
Ich will nicht lebendig sein
Ich will heute einfach sterben
Ich will einfach sterben
Ich will nicht lebendig sein
Ich will nicht lebendig sein
Ich will einfach sterben
Und lass mich dir sagen warum

All der andere Scheiß, über den ich rede, sie denken sie wissen es
Ich habe gebetet, damit mich jemand rettet, keiner ist heldenhaft
Und mein  Leben bedeutet nichts
Ich weiß es, ich weiß es, ich weiß, dass ich tief in mir verletzt bin, aber kann es nicht zeigen
Ich hatte nie einen Ort, den ich mein Eigen nennen konnte
Ich hatte nie ein Zuhause
Keiner ruft mein Handy an
Wo warst du? Wo bist du? Was geht in dir vor?
Sie sagen jedes Leben ist wertvoll, doch interessiert sich für meins

Ich bin im Tief gewesen
Ich hab mir Zeit gelassen
Ich fühle mich als hab ich meinen Verstand verloren
Es fühlt sich an als wäre mein Leben nicht meins
Wer kann es verstehen?
Ich bin im Tief gewesen
Ich hab mir Zeit gelassen
Ich fühle mich als hab ich meinen Verstand verloren
Es fühlt sich an als wäre mein Leben nicht meins

Ich will, dass du lebendig bist
Ich will, dass du lebendig bist
Du musst heute nicht sterben
Du musst nicht sterben
Ich will, dass du lebendig bist
Ich will, dass du lebendig bist
Du musst heute nicht sterben
Jetzt lass mich dir sagen warum

Es ist der erste Atemzug
Wenn dein Kopf im Wasser untergegangen ist
Und die Leichtheit in der Luft
Wenn du da bist
Brust zu Brust mit einem Geliebten
Es ist Weitermachen, auch wenn der Weg lang ist
Und Licht in den dunkelsten Dingen zu sehen
Und wenn du deine Reflektion anstarrst
Endlich zu wissen wer es ist
Ich weiß, dass du Gott danken wirst, dass du es getan hast

Ich weiß wo du warst, wo du bist, wohin du gehst
Ich wieß, dass du der Grund bist, warum ich ans Leben glaube
Was ist der Tag mit einer kleinen Nacht?
Es kann schwer sein
Es kann so schwer sein
Aber du musst jetzt leben
Du musst jetzt alles geben

Ich bin im Tief gewesen
Ich hab mir Zeit gelassen
Ich fühle mich als hab ich meinen Verstand verloren
Es fühlt sich an als wäre mein Leben nicht meins
Wer kann es verstehen?
Ich bin im Tief gewesen
Ich hab mir Zeit gelassen
Ich fühle mich als hab ich meinen Verstand verloren
Es fühlt sich an als wäre mein Leben nicht meins

Ich will endlich lebendig sein
Ich will endlich lebendig sein
Ich will heute nicht sterben
Ich will nicht sterben
Ich will endlich lebendig sein
Ich will endlich lebendig sein
Ich will nicht sterben
Ich will nicht sterben

Schmerz tut nicht so weh, ich weiß
Die Spur, die ich fahre, fühlt sich einsam an
Aber ich bewege mich bis meine Beine aufgeben
Und ich sehe meine Tränen im Schnee schmelzen
Aber ich will nicht weinen
Ich will nicht mehr weinen
Ich will mich lebendig fühlen
Ich will sogar nicht mehr sterben
Oh ich will nicht
Ich will nicht
Ich will sogar nicht mehr sterbenHallo Schatz, das ist mein vorvorletzter Brief
Ich geb' es zu, ich war vor paar Monaten noch depressiv
Ohne Lebensziel, ich hatte nix zu lachen
Denn die Situation, in der wir uns befanden machte mir zu schaffen
Aber ich schwör' auf meine Mutter, mir geht's jetzt besser
In diesen einsamen verfickten Nächten war Geld und Alkohol mein Lebensretter
Ich bin jetzt wieder bei Vernunft
Und ich geh' gechillt damit um
Du siehst doch auf Instagram ich mache wieder Bilder mit den Jungs
Wochen her, dass ich dein Facebook das letzte Mal gestalkt hab
Ich hatte sogar Auftritte bei dir in Nähe, direkt in deinem Dorf da unten
Und du, zählst wohlmöglich noch die Kröten in deinem Teich
Und ich weiß, dass du weißt, ich zähl jetzt Kröten wie ein Scheich, aber egal
Scheiß mal drauf, es war schön mit uns zu zweit
Ich hör lieber auf mit Details, ansonsten tötest du dich gleich
Ich habe null-Komma-null-Prozent, in meinem Wohlstandsbauch noch Wut
Aus und gut, Ich hab' mir das ausgesucht

Aus Liebe wird Hass und aus Hass wird Wut
Aus Wut wird Enttäuschung, Aus Enttäuschung wirst du
Du wirst zu Scherben, voller Porzellan
Normal, ist dein Kopf nicht mehr normal
Aus Liebe wird Hass und aus Hass wird Wut
Aus Wut wird Enttäuschung, Aus Enttäuschung wirst du
Du wirst zu Scherben, voller Porzellan
Normal, ist dein Kopf nicht mehr normal

Hallo mein Schatz, das ist mein vorletzter Brief
Du kannst dich ab jetzt sofort ficken alter, Rest in Peace
Nicht, dass mich das kratzen würde
Aber glaubst du wirklich, dass ich noch irgendeinen verfickten Gedanken übrig habe für dich?
Denkst du echt, das juckt mich, wenn du mich auf Facebook blockst?
Das Kleid, was du gestern gepostet hattest, steht dir top
Denkst du echt ich weiß nicht, du lädst Bilder hoch mit diesem Bastard?
Weiß er, dass wir gefickt haben, während ihr miteinander zusammen wart? Weiß er das?
Hat er eigentlich Geld, kann er dich ausführen?
Du nennst mich ein Stalker, nur wegen dem Zelt vor deiner Haustür?
Normal stalk ich dich, du machst doch Schluss ohne Grund
Ich weiß sogar welchen Wagen du fährst und Duft du benutzt
Ich weiß sogar verdammt gut was du gestern noch gemacht hast
Schwer fiel mir das nicht, weil ich dein Handy angezapft hab
Ich hab für dich nix mehr übrig, außer Wut
Aus und gut, wir haben uns das ausgesucht

Aus Liebe wird Hass und aus Hass wird Wut
Aus Wut wird Enttäuschung, Aus Enttäuschung wirst du
Du wirst zu Scherben, voller Porzellan
Normal, ist dein Kopf nicht mehr normal
Aus Liebe wird Hass und aus Hass wird Wut
Aus Wut wird Enttäuschung, Aus Enttäuschung wirst du
Du wirst zu Scherben, voller Porzellan
Normal, ist dein Kopf nicht mehr normal

Hallo, das ist mein letzter Brief
Heut' komm ich raus aus der Klapse und der Therapie
Unsere Beziehung hielt elf Tage und acht verdammte Stunden
Ich streu' ab heute kein Salz mehr in die Wunde
Ich wusste, dass du Kinder hast und glücklich in den Staaten lebst
Deshalb war die Art und Weise von mir der falsche Weg
Ich seh's heut ein, dass es mittlerweile 8 Jahre her ist
Alles, was ich gemacht habe, macht man nicht ehrlich
Auch wenn du mich angezeigt hast, sag' ich Danke mein Schatz
Denn mein Psychiater schaut mir zu, aus und gut
Du hast dir das ausgesucht
Und es bleibt nix zu reden

P.S.: Man sieht sich zwei mal im LebenUh
Yeah
Oh, that's London On Da Track, run that shit back
We got London On Da Track

Swervin'
How you look so perfect on your worst days?
Double C your purses, you deserve it
Niggas in your DM, they be thirsty (Thirsty), and in person
But you're curvin'
Curvy little body, love your surface (Surface)
Yeah, I'm all on your body, make you nervous
I like the way you keep up with your earnings
Yeah, it's okay, 'cause you swervin'

I fuck you from the back and leave you turnin' (Turnin')
The type to make you feel like I'm so worth it (Worth it)
Blame my ex, that bitch, she did me dirty (Did me dirty)
Had me fall in love and then she curved me
(on God, swear to God, I don't wanna leave you, no)
New Louboutin, you would think I'm bleedin' from my toes
Dick all inside of you, make you freeze, make you pose
I want you to get up on your knees and your toes
I see one of my enemies, they gon' freeze like they cold
I swear I ain't no killer, but test me if you want
You don't want my adrenaline rushin', leave me alone (Leave me alone)
So much shit up on my mind, I can't think, yeah
All my niggas rock designer like they scream (Grrat)
Got the AP covered, diamonds with baguettes, yeah
I thought everything was right, that's when you left, yeah

Swervin' (Swervin')
How you look so perfect on your worst days? (Worst days)
Double C your purses, you deserve it
Niggas in your DM, they be thirsty (Thirsty), and in person (Person)
But you're curvin'
Curvy little body, love your surface (Surface)
Yeah, I'm all on your body, make you nervous
I like the way you keep up with your earnings
Yeah, it's okay, you be swervin'

Veysy ist so magic, Brudi, ich bin viel zu Merlin
Deutsche Rapper große Klappe, glaub mir, so wie Kermit
Zaza Motherfucker, excuse me for my German
Rolle mit der Limo, weil ich mittlerweile Sir bin
Ich fick' hundert Pussys, du nur eine Pussy – Sherman
Ich stürm' deine Party und nehm' einfach mal dein Girl mit
Ach, was ich noch sagen wollte: Danke für den Bourbon
Drogen schmuggeln, meine Route besser als von Hermes
Treffpunkt ohne Telefone, sag mir, wenn du mehr willst
Ohne Lappen mit zweihundert, scheiß' auf das Verkehrsschild
Alles easy, weil die Olle neben mir pervers ist
Pervers ist, p-p-pervers ist

If a nigga wanna act out, MAC out
Back-up, man down
Forty, out yeah

Swervin' (Swervin')
How you look so perfect on your worst days? (Worst days)
Double C your purses, you deserve it
Niggas in your DM, they be thirsty (Thirsty), and in person (Person)
But you're curvin'
Curvy little body, love your surface (Surface)
Yeah, I'm all on your body, make you nervous
I like the way you keep up with your earnings
Yeah, it's okay, 'cause you swervin'

The way that I live my life is amazing
Back to back big bodies, no more dreams, yeah
So much shit up on my mind, I couldn't think, yeah
All my niggas rock designer like they scream, yeah
Got the AP covered, diamonds with baguettes, yeah
Say my name in your song and it's lit, yeah
Been waiting for a nigga like this, yeah
We got London On Da TrackSeit du das erste mal die Augen aufgemacht hast
Kriege ich kein Auge zu und liege Nachts Wach
Ich komm zu dir ans Bett und trockne deine Tränen
Danke das du da bist meine Tochter, meine Fee
Ich konnte lang nichts sehen
Irgendwann kamst du mein Stern
Ich habe nie geliebt doch ich versuch es Gern
Ich kann dich sehen von hier, meine Seele lebt in dir
Und wenn Probleme auf dich zukommen , red mit mir
Ich werde immer für dich da sein mein Engel
Nie mehr verbringe ich einen Tag in der Zelle
Nie wieder Partys oder Stress mit den Jungs
Für dich komm ich jetzt zur Vernunft
Alles was ich will ist nur das dir nichts fehlt
Ich bin für dich und Mama da auch wenn ihr mich nicht seht
Für mich gibt es keine Zukunft ohne dich
Ich bin so wie du und du bist so wie ich

Es ist noch immer wie ein Traum für mich
Ich sehe dich an doch ich glaub es nicht
Du bist mein Sonnenschein , mein Augenlicht
Ich geb mein ganzes Leben nur für Dich
Ich bin Du - Und Du Bist Ich
Es ist noch immer wie ein Traum für mich
Ich sehe dich an doch ich glaub es nicht
Du bist mein Sonnenschein , mein Augenlicht
Ich geb mein ganzes Leben nur für Dich
Ich bin Du - Und Du Bist Ich

Ich schau dich jeden Abend an, bis du die Augen schließt
Und du weißt ich bin da, auch wenn du kaum was siehst
Du kannst meine nähe spüren, wie in Mamas Bauch
Du brauchst sie nicht mal zu berühren, sie kann das auch
Seit dem ersten Herzschlag, sind wir Stolz auf dich
Mehr als Gold für mich, mein Erfolg ist nichts
Endlich hab ich wieder etwas, was mich Atmen lässt
Wie schön du dich mit Oma in den Garten setzt
Zum ersten mal Spüre ich so etwas wie Zuversicht
Ich bin ganz genau wie du , und du wie ich
Einfach jemand der dich Lieb hat und bei dir bleibt
In deinem Leben wirst du niemals alleine sein
Deine Augen sagen 'Nehm mich mit auf all deinen Wegen '
Ich kann es kaum erwarten, bis wir miteinander reden
Aaliyah, so lange zähle ich die Tage
Irgendwann verstehst du, was ich sage

Es ist noch immer wie ein Traum für mich
Ich sehe dich an doch ich glaub es nicht
Du bist mein Sonnenschein , mein Augenlicht
Ich geb mein ganzes Leben nur für Dich
Ich bin Du - Und Du Bist Ich
Es ist noch immer wie ein Traum für mich
Ich sehe dich an doch ich glaub es nicht
Du bist mein Sonnenschein , mein Augenlicht
Ich geb mein ganzes leben nur für Dich
Ich bin Du - Und Du Bist Ich

Eine Familie, wir haben unser Blut gemischt
Ich bin Du und Du bist Ich
Alles was dir Hilft ist auch Gut für mich
Denn Ich bin Du und Du bist Ich
Was auch kommt ich möchte nicht das vergisst
Ich bin Du und Du bist Ich
Alles was dir Hilft ist auch Gut für mich
Denn Ich bin Du und Du bist Ich

Es ist noch immer wie ein Traum für mich
Ich sehe dich an doch ich glaub es nicht
Du bist mein Sonnenschein , mein Augenlicht
Ich geb mein ganzes Leben nur für Dich
Ich bin Du - Und Du Bist Ich
Es ist noch immer wie ein Traum für mich
Ich sehe dich an doch ich glaub es nicht
Du bist mein Sonnenschein , mein Augenlicht
Ich geb mein ganzes leben nur für Dich
Ich bin Du - Und Du Bist Ich24.12. in 2013, ihr Herzschlag verlangsamt, je schneller die Zeit geht
Familie zusammen, sie wächst durch meinen Kleinen
Atmet jetzt schwerer und lässt sich fallen
Das Licht kommt näher, der Tunnel wird weiter
Schmerzen verschwinden, Beine werden leichter
Die Stimmung ist heiter, um meinen Nachwuchs zu feiern
Und so bemerkt es fast keiner
Denn ihr Lächeln ist mehr als Zufriedenheit
Weil sie sieht, dass Kind wird voller Liebe sein
Und so lässt sie los, im Kreis ihrer Liebsten
Und schenkt den Rest ihrer Kraft meiner wachsenden Familie

Denn wo einer kommt, lässt ein andrer los
Denn neben dem Leben steht auch immer der Tod
Hinter der Sonne folgt auch immer der Mond
Egal was wir tun, Karma ist groß
Wo einer trauert, spendet auch einer Trost
Und wo einer fällt, kommt ein anderer hoch
Wer Gutes tut, wird auch mit Gutem belohnt
Auch nach dem Tod, Karma ist groß

Nachts auf der Autobahn im Sekundenschlaf
Er träumt vom Leben und denkt über seine Kumpels nach
Über Streit und warum er so unfair war
Dem Leben viel zu undankbar
Also betet er die letzten Sekunden, Zeitlupe
Sein Wagen überschlägt sich mit 100
Nur noch eine gute Tat oder ein Wunder
Als langsam vergessen zu werden nach 'nem Unfall
Und sie wartet ein Jahr auf einen Spender
Doch Räder drehen sich nur, wenn man auch Geld hat
Und das, obwohl sie so ein guter Mensch war
Sogar an den Momenten, wenn das Leben ungerecht war
Sie flüstert ihr Gebet Richtung Sternenhimmel
Möge der Mond ihr einen Engel schicken und er kommt
Ihr neues Herz schlägt mit Kraft
Danke an den Mann aus dem Wrack


Dicker, wenn es kommt, glaub mir, irgendwann kommt es
Und alles was du warst, steht dann auf deim' Konto
Warst du ein Schwein, bist du morgen dein' Kopf los
Aber warst du ein Engel, steigst du zu Gott hoch
Alles gleicht sich aus
Denn Minus und Minus macht Plus
Und wem zu viel nicht genug ist, hat Frust
Und, Dicker, welchen Weg das Leben mir bereit hält
Es hat einen GrundNa na na na na na
Na na na na na na
Na na na na na na
Na na na na na na na na
Na na na na na na na na
Na na na na na na
Ahh, Lucry

Alkohol und Frauen, damit ist jetzt Schluss (ja)
Babe, ich will nur dich, auf alle andern keine Lust (Lust)
Baby, komm, steig ein und dann fahren wir zu uns (ja)
Und du schläfst ein auf meiner Brust
Aber plötzlich bin ich weg, ja, mitten in der Nacht (ja, ja)
Wieder unterwegs, ja, ich mache Krach (ja)
Ja, wir streiten oft, du gibst immer wieder nach (immer wieder, Babe, ja)
Denn du wirst immer wieder schwach
Gibst mir immer wieder Kraft (ja), ja, ich weiß, du liebst mich (ja)
Wegen meiner Art, nicht wegen Para oder Blitzlicht
Babe, ich kenn' dich gut, ich weiß, für dich war das nie wichtig
Du bist zuhause, du bist wach und du vermisst mich (na na na na)

Aber Babe, du kennst den Grund (na na na)
Ich mach' das alles nur für uns (la la la la)
Danke dir für alles, unsre Kinder sind gesund
Danke dir für alles, unsre Kinder sind gesund
Na na na na na na na na

Du kennst den Grund (na na na na na na na na)
Alles nur für uns (na na na na na)
Unsre Kinder sind gesund (na na na na na)
Ja, unsre Kinder sind gesund (na na na na na na na na)
Du kennst den Grund (na na na na na na na na)
Alles nur für uns (na na na na na)
Unsre Kinder sind gesund (na na na na na)
Ja, unsre Kinder sind gesund (na na na na na na na na)

Du kennst mich gut genug, ein Blick von dir genügt (ja)
Du warst an meiner Seite, Schatz, da war ich nicht berühmt (aha)
Ja, du warst da für mich, zum Glück, ich hatte eine Zuflucht
Deine Eltern meinten, wir hätten keine Zukunft (la la la la)
Du wolltest mich und sie wollten's dir verbieten
Ja, sie meinten, wir wären zu verschieden
Ich war pleite und sie sagten, ich könnte dir nix bieten
Auf einmal hab' ich Cash und sie sind trotzdem nicht zufrieden (na na na na)
Nein, ich lass' mich nicht verbiegen, ich mache und ich frage nicht
Ich weiß, deine Eltern hassen mich (ja, ich weiß)
Doch egal, was auch passiert, ich bin da für dich (immer)
Der einzige Mensch, der deine Sprache spricht

Aber Babe, du kennst den Grund (na na na)
Ich mach' das alles nur für uns (la la la la)
Danke dir für alles, unsre Kinder sind gesund
(Danke dir für alles, unsre Kinder sind gesund)
Na na na na na na na na

Du kennst den Grund (na na na na na na na na)
Alles nur für uns (na na na na na)
Unsre Kinder sind gesund (na na na na na)
Ja, unsre Kinder sind gesund (na na na na na na na na)
Du kennst den Grund (na na na na na na na na)
Alles nur für uns (na na na na na)
Unsre Kinder sind gesund (na na na na na)
Ja, unsre Kinder sind gesund (na na na na na na na na)
Du kennst den Grund (na na na na na na na na)
Alles nur für uns (na na na na na)
Unsre Kinder sind gesund (na na na na na)
Ja, unsre Kinder sind gesund (na na na na na na na na)
Du kennst den Grund (na na na na na na na na)
Alles nur für uns (na na na na na)
Unsre Kinder sind gesund (na na na na na)
Ja, unsre Kinder sind gesund (na na na na na na na na)

Ja, unsre Kinder sind gesund, la la la la la la
Na na na na na na na na na
Na na na na na na na
Na na na na na na na
Na na na na na na na na na
Na na na na na na na
Na na na na na na na
Na na na na na na na na naMan nennt uns Ex-Jugoslawen, Drecks-Jugoslawen
Heute sind es Bosnier, Serbos, Kroaten
Geboren in Deutschland, Ausländerfreundschaft
Herkunft? Egal! Guck so lebt man in Kreuzberg, Mannheim und Köln
Stuttgart und Hamburg, München, Berlin. Ich hab Cousins in Frankfurt!
Und Verwandte, Onkels und Tanten. Kriegsasylanten, Freunde von andren
Jemand kennt jemand, der jemand kennt, und am Ende kommt raus:
Wir sind auch noch Cousins!
Ich hab Turkos und Kurdis und Ruskis, Albos und Arabs
Hakans und Mustis. Markus und Peters, Deutsche vom Ostblock
Leipzig und Dresden, Zwickau und Rostock!
Schwarz oder Weisse, Braune oder Gelbe
Denn bei Multi-Kulti, alles ist Selbe!

Das ist Brate für Brate.
Jugos und Svabos,
Alman und Turki
Babas und Chabos
Zemos und Bratkos
Polskis und Russkis
Bruder ist Bruder und 'woher?' das juckt nichts!
Das ist Brate für Brate
Jugos und Svabos
Alman und Turki
Baba und Chabo
Zemos und Bratkos
Polskis und Russkis
Bruder ist Bruder und 'woher?' das juckt nix!

Ich küss zwei mal die Türken
Drei mal die Serben
Hand an mein Herz, dass heißt Danke mit Ehre!
Ich trink Raki, Sljivo und Pivo.
Nenad mit Goran mit Osman und Ibo, Stefan und Christian
Besitzer von Sex-Bar. Dort zahl ich nix, nur aufs Zimmer ist extra!
Bruder ist Bruder, scheiß auf die Herkunft!
Manche sind sehr dumm, sie denken verkehrt rum
Komsis und Hemsos, Zemos und Bratkos
Wichtig ist nur: Unbefristet im Passport!
Ich kenn Blond, Blaue Augen Albinos
Die sind sehr gut für den Transport von Kilos
Arische Deutsche, auch meine Freunde. Sintis und Romas
Die fahrenden Leute. Zigos, Amigos. Brate o Brate!
Hallo ihr Nazis: JEBEM VAM MATER!

Das ist Brate für Brate
Jugos und Svabos
Alman und Turki
Babas und Chabos
Zemos und Bratkos
Polskis und Russkis
Bruder ist Bruder und 'woher?' das juckt nichts!
Das ist Brate für Brate
Jugos und Svabos
Alman und Turki
Baba und Chabo
Zemos und Bratkos
Polskis und Russkis
Bruder ist Bruder und 'woher?' das juckt nichts!WUZGOOOD KALFAM
Wejo het is eindelijk zo ver
Ik ben nog maar 21, maar de dag is eindelijk hier
1 miljoen!
Ik wil jullie allemaal bedanken
Ik wil mijn mama bedanken
Papa bedankt
Peter bedankt
Noah bedankt

Kleine jongen van het platteland
Ik had geen monnie op de monnie bank
Werkte altijd hard en had het druk
Nu app ik Noah van 'Het is gelukt!'

Mama, Papa, Ik ben rijk!
Ik ben nu al miljonair
Daarnaast ook nog populair
3 of 4 of 5 credit cards
Draag een Roley, geen Cars watch
Ik ben nu al miljonair
Daarnaast ook nog populair
Paprika's chappen met Kalvijn
Millie was hier binnen no time

Mama, Papa, Ik ben rijk nu
Ik voel me wahed oliesjeik nu
Zie me cruisen door je wijk nu
Ik heb niet eens een rijbewijs
Ik kan alles wat ik wil kopen (Hoe bedoel je?)
6 nullen dat is veel gozer (1 miljoen views is niet 1 miljoen euro he?)
Maar ik heb niks gelogen (Maar je kan niet al dat geld zo maar uitgeven Noah)
Jawel ik heb miljoen euro (Nee, je hebt geen miljoen euro!)

Ik ben nu al miljonair
Daarnaast ook nog populair
3 of 4 of 5 credit cards
Draag een Roley, geen Cars watch
Ik ben nu al miljonair
Daarnaast ook nog populair
Paprika's chappen met Kalvijn
Millie was hier binnen no time

Noah, voor de laatste keer!
1 miljoen views betekent niet 1 miljoen euro!
Ja dat weet ik
Maar hoe kom je dan aan al deze spullen?
Dat ga ik je haarfijn uitleggen

2010 kocht ik wat bitcoins (Wooh)
Mijn hele klas die krijgt nog zakgeld(Shoutout naar jouw klas ,ey)
Ik was 3 en vond een zak geld (Wat, huh, hoe kan dat?)
Ik investeerde en verdubbelde (Wow, Noah)
Kelvin wil je ook een dubbeltje?
Nee doe mij maar een miljoen!
Oke is goed dat gaan we doen
Stuur mij een tikkie voor de poen
Okay, is goed

Ik ben nu ook miljonair
Daarnaast ook nog populair
3 of 4 of 5 credit cards
Draag geen Roley, wel die Cars watch
Ik ben nu ook miljonair
Want ik was al populair
Heb alles te danken aan Noah
Heb ineens een hele hoop saaf
Wij zijn nu al miljonair
Wij zijn nu al miljonair
Daarnaast ook nog populair
Daarnaast ook nog populair
3 of 4 of 5 credit cards
3 of 4 of 5 credit cards
Draag een Roley, geen Cars watch
Draag een Roley, geen Cars watch
Wij zijn nu al miljonair
Wij zijn nu al miljonair
Waren allang populair
Waren allang populair
Dit waren Noah en Kalvijn
Dit waren Noah en Kalvijn
Wacht, hoe kan die millie al op zijn?Ich guck dich an mein Schatz und mir tut so viel Leid
Ohne Scheiß die Probleme mit der Polizei
Ich war ein Straßenjunge ich hatte falsche Werte
Und hab mich so verloren auf dieser kalten Erde
Ich war dir öfter untreu in unserer Anfangszeit
Dieser Song ist nicht mal 1% von meiner Dankbarkeit
Wir waren getrennt doch du gabst mir eine zweite Chance
Deine Nähe ist wie Medizin es gibt kein Entkommen
Ich will dich nie wieder enttäuschen und ich schwöre es dir
Jeder Funken Liebe in meinem Körper gehört nur dir
Wir alleine gegen alle ja du bist mein Rücken
Wenn es härter wird und fängst mich wenn ich falle
Häng an dir wie ein König an seiner Königin hängt
Canim du hast mir zwei wunderbare Söhne geschenkt
Und nur für euer Leben würd ich meins sofort beenden
Es sind nur du und ich wir zwei wurden geboren um zu kämpfen
1x
Du und Ich einzigartig
Du bist die Antwort auf all meine Fragen
Auch wenn die Zeit hier auf keinen wartet
Bist du für mich die Ewigkeit
Du und ich weil wir eins sind durch jeden Sturm an deiner Seite
Und löscht die Zeit die letzten Zeichen
Bleiben mir doch ein Stück Ewigkeit

Ich gucke dich an und schäme mich für jeden Fehler Schatz
Ich schreibe diese Zeilen und unterstreiche jeden Satz
Du warst die Rettung als das Leben mich nach unten zog
Ich laufe in den dunklen Tod wenn irgendetwas uns bedroht
Du bist die Mutter meiner Söhne und ich steh zu dir
Ja ich bin gespannt was noch aus unserem Leben wird
Du hast die Energie die mir viel zu oft gefehlt hat
Mit dir an meiner Seite komme ich nie von meinem Weg ab
Auch wenn wir zwei getrennt waren ich war immer da
Und bin ich heute ehrlich Schatz war das für mich mein schlimmstes Jahr
Menschen die uns trennen wollen beißen auf Granit
Denn wir wissen ganz genau das mit uns beiden war Nassip
Du bist meine Frau und ich beschütze dich vor jedem Kampf
Ich hab die Welt gesehen deshalb macht mir das Leben Angst
Es sind nur du und ich bis zum Tag an dem wir gehen
Heute weiß ich das außer Familie nichts im Leben zählt
1x
Du und Ich einzigartig
Du bist die Antwort auf all meine Fragen
Auch wenn die Zeit hier auf keinen wartet
Bist du für mich die Ewigkeit
Du und ich weil wir eins sind durch jeden Sturm an deiner Seite
Und löscht die Zeit die letzten Zeichen
Bleiben mir doch ein Stück Ewigkeit

All die Hindernisse machen uns das Leben schwer
Doch so gut ich kann halt ich uns von den Problemen fern
Nur du und ich wir haben alles in der Hand
Und verlieren wir den halt Canim fallen wir zusammen
Auch wenn es hart mit den Kindern und der Arbeit ist
Gäbe es in meinem Leben ohne euch gar kein Licht
Nur du und ich haben alles in der Hand
Und verlieren wir den halt Canim fallen wir zusammen
2x
Du und Ich einzigartig
Du bist die Antwort auf all meine Fragen
Auch wenn die Zeit hier auf keinen wartet
Bist du für mich die Ewigkeit
Du und ich weil wir eins sind durch jeden Sturm an deiner Seite
Und löscht die Zeit die letzten Zeichen
Bleiben mir doch ein Stück EwigkeitHoe, should be flow
This is my mistaking
Why be faded?
It will be faded, faded, faded, faded, faded, faded

Jeg er go' til at bruge penge
Havde jeg et træ, der ku' gro dem
Havde jeg stadig brændt dem uden overhovdet at blink'
Får det til at regne selv i solskin (Jaja)
Men nu står jeg her igen
Spenderer retarderede penge (Whu)

La' dem vide, at vi vinder (At vi vinder)
Solbriller selvom solen ikk' skinner (Ikk' skinner)
Jeg har langt flere penge end problemer (End problemer)
Jeg har langt flere penge end problemer (End problemer), Whu

Min mor hun har sagt gennem hele mit liv:
"Husk at tænk' dig om og lægge lidt til side"
Men jeg har knoklet for hårdt, drukket lidt for længe
Så nu står jeg her og bruger dumme penge
Jeg elsker dumme penge
Dumme penge, d-d-dumme penge
Dumme penge
Jeg elsker dumme penge

Jeg er go' til at lave penge
Bedre til at brænde dem af igen
Har ikk' arbejdet hele ugen
For at spare op og ikk' at bruge (Nej-nej)
Dankort i pendulfart
Jeg tror, vi er ved at være fulde snart

La' dem vide at vi vinder (At vi vinder)
Solbriller selvom solen ikk' skinner (Ikk' skinner)
Jeg har langt flere penge end problemer (End problemer)
Jeg har langt flere penge end problemer (End problemer), whu

Jeg har lyttet til min mor - jeg har været klog for længe
Så nu står jeg her igen og bruger dumme penge, whu
Jeg har lyttet til min mor - jeg har været klog for længe
Så nu står jeg her igen og bruger dumme penge

Min mor hun har sagt gennem hele mit liv:
"Husk at tænk' dig om og lægge lidt til side"
Men jeg har knoklet for hårdt, drukket lidt for længe
Så nu står jeg her og bruger dumme penge
Jeg elsker dumme penge, d-d-dumme penge
Dumme penge
D-d-dumme penge
Jeg-jeg elsker dumme penge
D-d-dumme penge
Dumme penge
D-d-dumme penge
Jeg-jeg elsker dumme penge

Jeg har lyttet til min mor - jeg har været klog for længe
Dumme penge
Så nu står jeg her igen og bruger dumme penge
Jeg elsker dumme penge
Jeg har lyttet til min mor - jeg har været klog for længe
Dumme penge
Så nu står jeg her igen og bruger dumme penge
Jeg-jeg elsker dumme pengeYeah, ich wusst' von Anfang an ich pack das, ich hatte grosse Ziele
Und ich schaff das, ich mach das meine Eltern nicht mehr Arbeiten müssen
Ich wurd zum Star in meinem Viertel, ein Star schon in Kürze stand ich auf den grossen Bühnen
Und es war nicht immer cool und fresh
Denn ich warf nur für Rap mein Studium weg
Ich hatte nichts in der Tasche, einen Witz in der Tasche
Aber dafür ein paar Hits auf der Platte
Ich glaubte dran, dass mein Traum einmal wahr wird
Dass man meine Mukke in den Charts hört
Dass meine Fresse auf'm Poster ist
Und bei Live-Gigs gehen Hände hoch für mich
Niewider für UPS die Pakete tragen
Das erste Mal meine eigene CD im Laden
Neben Eminem und Dre, neben Pac und Nas
M-A-J Gangsterboss über Nacht zum Star

Wenn ich auf die Bühne komm (Put your Hands in the air!)
Und ich glaube, komm meinem Traum ein Stück näher (It was all a dream!)
Und ich mache ihn wahr, M-A-J Gangsterboss über Nacht zum Star

Über Nacht zum Star und wenn du nicht 'für kämpfst
Vergisses, denn im Leben kriegst du nichts geschenkt
Außer Missgunst und Neid, Bitchmoves und Leid
Doch ich wusste es genau, irgendwann kommt die Zeit
Und die Zeit kam, der größte Erfolg auf meinem Weg
Meine erste Soloplatte 60'000 CD's
Und wenn ich Fans heut' auf Gehwegen seh'
Schreien sie in meine Richtung: "Du bist BADT!"
Nicht mehr aufstehen früh um 8, sondern Mukke machen nachts
Denn dieser Junge wird nicht satt auch wenn er die 100'000 knackt
Das geht an alle die, die nie an mich geglaubt haben
Fickt euch, heute sitze ich in meinem Traumwagen
Ich danke jedem, besonders meine Fans
Die mich pushen, unterstützen, meine Songs mitsingen auf Jams
Und ich danke meiner Gang, wir übernehmen die Szene man
Banger Musik ein Leben lang

Wenn ich auf die Bühne komm (Put your Hands in the air!)
Und ich glaube, komm meinem Traum ein Stück näher (It was all a dream!)
Und ich mache ihn wahr, M-A-J Gangsterboss über Nacht zum Star

Ich ziehe die Sonnenbrille an, Shakehands mit der Gang
Die Sicht durch die Ray-Ban ist begrenzt
Ich kehre in mich höre kreischende Fans
Und Jungs die schreien, dass sie keinen Breiteren kennen
Ich atme tief ein, atme tief aus
Die Muskeln angespannt, Adrenalinrausch
Es geht los ich renne auf die Bühne
Jetzt wissen meine Fans was ich fühle
Immer wieder...

Wenn ich auf die Bühne komm (Put your Hands in the air!)
Und ich glaube, komm meinem Traum ein Stück näher (It was all a dream!)
Und ich mache ihn wahr, M-A-J Gangsterboss über Nacht zum Star

Put your Hands in the air!
It was all a dream!Ich erinner mich, als wir jung waren
Kein Weg zu weit war, und wir jeden Tag rumkamen
Wir machten Flohmarkt, draußen vor Edeka
Samstags morgens um acht, es war jeder da
Gewonnen hat der, der am meisten verdient hat
Und mittags ging es wieder zurück auf den Spielplatz
Samir holt den Ball, wir spielten Fußball
Und lachten über Dinge, wie 'nen offenen Kuhstall
Ich erinner mich, Sommerzeit, krasser Scheiß
Für eine Mark eine Tüte voller Wassereis
Jeden Tag vom 10er springen im Schwimmbad
Irgendwann dachte ich wirklich, ich wäre Sindbad
Wir waren weder Gangster, noch waren wir Aufreißer
Wir tyrannisierten die Nachbarn und den Hausmeister
Es war ne schöne Zeit, ich weine keine Träne nach
Es ist nur so, ich denke an sie, jeden Tag

Die beste Zeit meines Lebens, ich erinner mich
Ich seh's vor meinen Augen, wie ich in meinem Zimmer sitz
Manche sagen mir, das war der größte Scheiß
Doch ich bin dankbar, für all diese schöne Zeit

Auch im Winter waren wir immer gut gelaunt
Ich weiß noch heute, wie man mit Holz 'ne Bude baut
Und wurd es mal zu kalt in unser'm Baumhaus
Spielten wir 'ne Runde Playstation im Kaufhaus
Wir spielten solange, bis man uns rausschmiss
Und rannten weg, denn sie drohten uns mit Blaulicht, yo
In der Schule tauschte ich mit anderen Pausenbrot
Und spielte Räuber und Gendarme auf dem Pausenhof
Auch wenn das Geld knappp war, bei uns ging es heiß her
Zum Geburtstag wünschte sich jeder die Nike Air
Und auch wenn unsre Eltern nicht viel verdient haben
Kauften sie uns die Schuhe, weil sie uns geliebt haben
Draußen verrückt spielen und seinen Mann stehen
Doch wieder zuhause sein, wenn die Laternen angehen
Erschöpft und glücklich zu Bett gehen
Diese Erinnerung mein Freund, kann mir niemand wegnehmen


Ich weiß noch, das erste Tor im Verein
Ging es um Spaß haben, war ich ganz vorn mit dabei
Das erste mal abends in der Jugenddisco
Heimlich rauchen, weil wir dachten, es wäre schick so
Auch wenn keiner unserer Eltern reich war
Irgendwie war die Zeit damals doch viel leichter
Heute wo einige von uns selber Kinder haben
Sehe ich euch manchmal mit 'nem Kinderwagen
Es war ne schöne Zeit, nein es war die beste
Und für diese Zeit, schreib ich diese Texte
Ich erinner mich, wenn ich die Zeilen hinschreibe
Ich bin Peter Pan, weil ich für immer Kind bleibeS2kizzy baby!
Ayoo Lizer

Dangote baba lao (Baba lao)
Simba baba lao (Baba lao)
Chibu baba lao (Baba lao)
Mondi baba lao (Baba lao)
Eeeh Zombie baba lao (Baba lao)
Magufuli baba lao (Baba lao)
Makonda baba lao (Baba lao)
Wasafi chama lao

Ngoma kwa ngoma ni kopo koko
Leo ndani twakesha popo
Waiter tasambazia moko moko
Moja baridi, Moja moto
Mmechoka eti?? (Aaah! Wapi)
Mnataka lala?? (Aaah! Wapi)
Tungi limezidi?? (Aaah! Wapi)
Tuzime muziki??(Aaah! Wapi)

Asa twende kisamugile, sambamba, Hapo vipi inabamba??
Inogile inatamba, basi chanika musamba
Eeeh!! Wataweza kweli?? (Aaah! Wapi)
Kushindana nasi?? (Aaah! Wapi)
Hata wakiungana?? (Aaah! Wapi)
Matusi kututukana?? (Aaah! Wapi)

Dangote baba lao (Baba lao)
Simba baba lao (Baba lao)
Chibu baba lao (Baba lao)
Mondi baba lao (Baba lao)
Eeeh Zombie (Baba lao)
Magufuli baba lao (Baba lao)
Mwakyembe baba lao (Baba lao)
Wasafi chama lao

Hajib selema, Adija Selema (Selema)
Mondi nyangema, Shimo ametema (ametema)
Amefosi bifu mseleleko (Eeeh! Tumemkwepa)
Amebaki masononeko  (Eeeh! Wanamcheka)
Kwanza kunja goti (Lee kunja goti)
Kisha vua shati (Eeeh vua shati)
Cheza kama monkey (Aiii!)
Vunja ukidanki danki
Eeeh! Tumewachapa (Kidude)
Hakichomoki (Kidude)
Kimewanasa (Kidude)
Wanatapatapa (Kidude)

Chizi karogwa tena! Chizi.. Chizi karogwa tena eeeh!
Chizi karogwa tena! Chizi.. Chizi karogwa tena eeeh!
Chizi karogwa tena! Chizi.. Chizi karogwa tena eeeh!
Chizi karogwa tena! Chizi.. Chizi karogwa tena eeeh!

Dangote baba lao (Baba lao)
Simba baba lao (Baba lao)
Chibu baba lao (Baba lao)
Mondi baba lao (Baba lao)
Eeeh Zombie baba lao (Baba lao)
Magufuli baba lao (Baba lao)
Majaliwa baba lao (Baba lao)
Wasafi chama lao

Mzuka ukipanda na hili shati navua (acha uongo)
Mzuka ukipanda na hili bukta navua (acha uongo)
Jamani navua (acha uongo)
Mama navua (acha uongo)
Mwenzenu navua (acha uongo)
Eeeeh! Kuna Basata
Basi napiga Yope (Huwezi)
Ooooh! Napiga Yope (Huwezi)
Iyobo napiga Yope (Huwezi)
Mi napiga Yope (Huwezi)
Eeeeh X12
Tale napiga Yope (Huwezi)
Mi napiga Yope (Huwezi)
Momo napiga Yope (Huwezi)
Fungwe napiga Yope (Huwezi)
Eeeeh X12Technik vom Feinsten, Maxwell auf Reise
Die Texte zerreißen, ihr steckt in der Scheiße
Du bleibst stehen, weil ich stech in dein Reifen
Die Zahl übernimmt und der Rest geht jetzt pleite
Fletsche, Beiße die Zähne zusammen - mein Leben ein Kampf
Doch ich seh es entspannt, als Täter bekannt in der Stadt ohne regeln
Taş macht wach und der Schnaps bringt den Pegel
Hier geht es zu wie im Affengehege
Taschen stehlen, mit Waffen für Knete
Nackte Mädchen, scharfe Geräte
Die sich knicken für die Partyrakete
Komm ein Tag mit mir und dein Kopf ist im Arsch
Zu viel Wodka und das Ot war zu stark
Danke Gott, ich bin ein Star
Guck ich bremse alle aus
Nigga Eins Acht Sieben Gang ist im Haus

Wow! Unser Leben ist krank doch macht Spaß
Saubere Gläser im Schrank - Digga was?
Rauchen Amnesia Blunts - Zu krass
Traumhafte Mädels am Strand und wir schreien:
Wow! Unser Leben ist krank doch macht Spaß
Saubere Gläser im Schrank - Digga was?
Rauchen Amnesia Blunts - Zu krass
Traumhafte Mädels am Strand - Ey, Ey
Komm wir trinken Jägermeister
Oh Baby wir leben einfach
So high, wir sehen schon Geister
Awwr Awwr - Scheiße seh ich gut aus!
Komm wir trinken Jägermeister
Oh Baby wir leben einfach
So high wir, sehen schon Geister
Gluck Gluck - Heute Nacht gibt's Kräuterschnaps!

Du machst in deiner Auffahrt auf hart
Weil du darfst Papas Auto heute ausfahren
Anlage laut man - Eins Acht Sieben Repräsent
Ich bin fame zurecht, guck wie die Kette glänzt
Sportzigarette - Boah wie ich rappe
Mein Style? Mike Tyson - Bom vor die Fresse
Die richtige Adresse, Ich hab Zeit komm vorbei
Jeden Tag high, ich schrei: "Scheiß Polizei" (Polizei)
Haifisch Nikes seit 2001 und weiß wie man rappt seit 2006
Mädels wollen Sex nach zwei Gläsern Sekt
Ich zeig kein Respekt, steck ihn rein und bleib fresh
Rechts, Links, Redskins - Das Teil ist aus Leder
Bowdy, Blueline, Scheiß auf dein Köter
Ein für den Kreislauf, ein für die Leber
Ahö Ahö Autogramme gibt's später

Wow! Unser Leben ist krank doch macht Spaß
Saubere Gläser im Schrank - Digga was?
Rauchen Amnesia Blunts - Zu Krass
Traumhafte Mädels am Strand und wir schreien:
Wow! Unser Leben ist krank doch macht Spaß
Saubere Gläser im Schrank - Digga was?
Rauchen Amnesia Blunts - Zu Krass
Traumhafte Mädels am Strand - Ey, Ey
Komm wir trinken Jägermeister
Oh Baby wir leben einfach
So high wir sehen schon Geister
Awwr Awwr - Scheiße seh ich gut aus!
Komm wir trinken Jägermeister
Oh Baby wir leben einfach
So high wir sehen schon Geister
Gluck Gluck - Heute Nacht gibt's Kräuterschnaps!To pociąg zwany pożądaniem, popatrzcie tylko -
Mknie na sam szczyt, nikt z pasażerów w tył nie patrzy
Kto jeszcze czeka ze wsiadaniem?
Kto się marszczy, kto wybrzydza?
Chcecie zostać na tej stacji?
To pociąg zwany pożądaniem, możesz mieć wszystko -
Najlepsze żarcie, kobiety, ciuchy, świetlaną przyszłość
Nie stój tak i nie udawaj, że nie masz ochoty
Chcesz zostać tu i uprawiać trainspotting?
Jest tylko w jedną stronę pociąg, innych stron nie ma
Chcesz być biedakiem, nikim, to od razu skocz w przepaść
Nie wahaj się, nie zastanawiaj się dokąd jechać
Jest tylko w jedną stronę pociąg, innych stron nie ma
Będą pluć na ciebie dopóki nie staniesz ponad
Nimi, a kto wyznacza wartość poza nimi?
To, co naprawdę cenne, pamiętaj, mierz w złotych
To pociąg zwany pożądaniem, dla nich trainspotting
Nie starcza czasu na poezję jak Marysi na seks,
Szybkie, ostre życie uprawiam; bicz i lateks
Ta suka dominuje mnie totalnie
Żyć inaczej nie da się, chyba że przekaże ci spadek dziadek z US
Ej, za dzieciaka miałeś ją gdzieś i plułeś jej w ryj
Dzisiaj chcesz w nią wejść, słyszysz „weź, wyjdź”
Oto dorosłość, motto jej to „bądź cząstką systemu”
W którym bycie sobą rozumie dość wąsko się
Witam cię w rzeczywistości jak Sokół
Młodość jest jak papieros, ten smak; popiół
Bukowski robi nocki, dzisiaj w Tesco „Factotum”
Czeka wciąż na palec Boga, a dostaje fuck losu
Czytaj dużo książek, lecz nie trać z oczu realiów
Słowa nie oddadzą bólu czy smrodu fekaliów
Życie to pociąg w jedną stronę ziomek, wiedz o tym
Jak nie załapiesz się zostanie ci trainspotting
Jest tylko w jedną stronę pociąg, innych stron nie ma
Chcesz być biedakiem, nikim, to od razu skocz w przepaść
Nie wahaj się, nie zastanawiaj się dokąd jechać
Jest tylko w jedną stronę pociąg, innych stron nie ma
Przepraszamy, że droga do nieba prowadzi przez piekło
By ktoś jęknął z rozkoszy ktoś musi klęknąć
Pisał już Szekspir o tym, nie wiedzą miernoty, to
Pociąg zwany pożądaniem, dla nich trainspotting
Na bramie tego piekła cytat; Dante,
W ogniu złapiesz nawet jak nie umiesz czytać; Pandemonium.
Wyjścia już nie widać jak już znajdziesz w środku się
Nie pytaj tu o drogę, jesteś w klatce, ziomku
To nie jest nawet wyścig, to szczurzy kołowrotek,
Jak wygrywa ktoś, to nigdy nie ty; totolotek
Wszyscy tu głoszą niemy sprzeciw przeciw władzy sprawczej
Ale z chujem w gębie dosyć ciężko śpiewać „Marsyliankę”.
Mówią „hajs macht frei”, mówię „nein, danke”
By nadążyć za tym gównem muszą ćpać amfę
Co tutaj robię? Mówią, że tu jest ta szansa
By osiągnąć sukces, muszę tylko duszę dać w zastaw?!
Pociąg już ruszył, ja przeżuwam chuja, żywot szczura
Moja dusza wyraża się w cyfrach na fakturach
Za oknem migają chwile, czuję tylko gniew do nich
To nie życie, to w innej perspektywie trainspotting
Jest tylko w jedną stronę pociąg, innych stron nie ma?
Nie daj się wjebać w to gówno, lepiej już skocz w przepaść
Wciąż wahaj się i zastanawiaj się dokąd jechać
Życie to w jedną stronę pociąg, ty ją wybierasz
Ziomuś, nie musisz mówić mi, że tu nie jest lekko
Prawda, że droga do nieba prowadzi przez piekło, ale
Przejdziesz przez nie jak nie sprzedasz się za pięć złotych
Gdzie jadą inni nie patrz nigdy, jebać trainspottingJunge aus der City
Mit der Neun-Milli, denn mein Leben ist ein Krimi
Junge aus der City
Hatte keine Eltern, meine Mutter war Graffiti
Junge aus der City, nur ein Junge aus der City
Junge aus der City, nur ein Junge aus der City

Hatte keine Mama, die mich schlafen bringt
In der Nacht hatt' ich nur den Jagdinstinkt
Flüchtlinge sind bei mir nichts Neues
Weil in meiner Gegend sowieso nicht jeder deutsch ist
Das hier sind Geschichten aus dem Häuserblock
Fitnesstraining, du musst laufen bis zum neunten Stock
Meine Eltern, sie waren ständig überfordert
Dabei hab' ich nicht mal wirklich viel gefordert
Rapper tun auf ghetto in der Promozeit
Als wäre ghetto sein grad ein Modehype
Ich bin nicht arrogant, wenn ich dir diese Kohle zeig'
Weiß, was ein Leben in der Einzimmerwohnung heißt
Mein Vater hat die Drogen nicht nur konserviert
Sondern konsumiert
Was für cool sein? Das Schlimmste ist der Hunger
Der Junge aus der City ist ein Wunder

Junge aus der City
Mit der Neun-Milli, denn mein Leben ist ein Krimi
Junge aus der City
Hatte keine Eltern, meine Mutter war Graffiti
Junge aus der City, nur ein Junge aus der City
Junge aus der City, nur ein Junge aus der City

Jede zweite Nacht in Polizeigewahrsam
Und zuhause wieder Cornflakes mit Leitungswasser
Bei mir gab's keinen Urlaub an der Ostsee
Deshalb musst' ich meine Runden hier am Block drehen
Sah die Älteren paar hundert Gramm dealen
Doch danke Gott, denn ich wurde nie zum Junkie
Komme aus dem Unterweltmilieu
Berliner Straßen sind nicht wie in Düsseldorf die Kö
Damals in der Schule jedes Buch zerrissen
Statt vorm Lehrer sahst du mich vorm Jugendrichter sitzen
Suchte aus der Scheiße einen Ausweg
Dass es irgendwann auch mal bergauf geht
Damals wollte keiner von euch zuhören
Und plötzlich macht das Leben einen U-Turn
Heut' bin ich erwachsen und kein Kiddie
Doch im Herzen noch der Junge aus der City

Junge aus der City
Mit der Neun-Milli, denn mein Leben ist ein Krimi
Junge aus der City
Hatte keine Eltern, meine Mutter war Graffiti
Junge aus der City, nur ein Junge aus der City
Junge aus der City, nur ein Junge aus der CityIch bin nur einmal jung
Deshalb bin ich auf den Partys und mein Lifestyle bums
Von Cannes, Kitz-bühl nach Monaco
Jede Frau liebt diesen Macho
K-K-Kay One ich bin auf der Yacht mit den Models
Poppe die Bottles
Fick deinen Abschluss du Trottel
Was studieren? Paparazzis hier
Ich hab bei Lothar seiner Ex Sex serviert
Self-made Millionär
Bin ich irgendwann aber Kay will noch mehr
Baby wie wärs mit uns beiden
Ich kann dir mal im Studio das Mischpult zeigen
Eins, zwei, drei Tage wach
Ich hol mir die Louboutins und du bleibst bei den Chucks
Krass, ich hab's geschafft
Und genieß' das Ihr Wichser mich hasst, yeah

Ich lebe jeden Tag als wär es mein letzter
Feier' jeden Tag als wäre es Sylvester
Wir holen die Models - Models vom Catwalk
Reich & Schön
Reich & Schöööön
Reich & Schön
Reich & Schöööön

(Check, check this out)
Jetzt hab ich noch mehr Style und nochmehr Geld
Tierschutz - ich trage trotzdem Pelz
Man ich bleib in der Stadt verdammt es schockt mich selbst
Deine Bitch bläst während du den Cocktail hälst
Schluck, schluck, schluck wenn ich spritze
Ich mein doch den Champus, was dachtest du Flittchen
Mich nennt Punkt 12 Ladykiller-Kay
Ein Date mit mir - und Baby du bist fame
Von St. Tropez bis L.A
Wirst du mich tanzen sehn wie M.J
Ich hüpfe zu der Bank und nehme den Safe
Ich lass es Diamanten regnen, Crime Payz
Ich zeig was ich hab, Ersguterjunge-Flow
Und wenn ich den Cristal popp', dann mit Rumelo(?)
Ich bin lieber reich und schön als arm und hässlich
Und den Champus ex ich yeah


Damals war ich beim Arbeitsamt und heute bin ich Arbeitgeber
Und mir ist auch gar nicht kalt, warum? Ich hab' ein Schal von Louis Vuitton
Mir geht's sehr gut und ich möchte jemand ganz bestimmtem danken
Meinem Pelzmantel! (Hahaha)

-Folg RapGeniusDeutschland!Du ta'r mig tættere på himlen, yeah

Du hvisker mit navn, som ingen har gjort det før og vores silhuetter
Hører sammen her i natten, baby, det' så vidunderligt, ja
Så vink farvel til dine tårer
Det' vanvittigt, jeg ved det, men vi letter
Glem tyngdeloven og hæng her med mig for evigt, uh ja

Jeg rendte rastløs rundt i gaderne
Jeg vidste ikk' hvor jeg var henne (ah-ha)
Tro mig, jeg havde brug for dig
Nu' jeg ikk' længere alene (åh)

Det' derfor jeg synger
Åh-uh-åh, åh-uh-åh
Da jeg fandt dig var det ligesom at find' hjem
Åh-uh-åh, åh-uh-åh-åh
Du har vist mig hvor regnbuen ender hen'
Åh-uh-åh, åh-uh-åh
Hvis du vil ha' stjernerne vil jeg hent' dem
Åh-uh-åh, åh-uh-åh-åh
Fordi du ta'r mig tættere på himlen

Min baby så bangin', min bitch så beautiful
Du' min verden
Kun jeg ser ilddråberne i dine øjne
Min sol, mit måneskin, min linedanserinde
Du' min verden
Kun du ser mig for mig, når vi' nøgne, yeah-i-yeah-i-yeah

Du har gjort mig til en bedre mand
End den jeg var (end den jeg var)
Og jeg har hvirvelvinde i mit sind
Ta'r du min i dine arm' og lukker mig ind, ja

Indtil jeg synger
Åh-uh-åh, åh-uh-åh
Da jeg fandt dig var det ligesom at find' hjem
Åh-uh-åh, åh-uh-åh-åh
Du har vist mig hvor regnbuen ender hen'
Åh-uh-åh, åh-uh-åh
Hvis du vil ha' stjernerne vil jeg hent' dem
Åh-uh-åh, åh-uh-åh-åh

Hop om bord på mit flyvende tæppe, la' mig ta' dig derop, hvor stjernerne bor
Der til hvor verdner de mødes, og drømme de gror
Du' som sendt foroven, og smuk ligesom tusind engle, der synger i kor
Og jeg' solen bag skyerne - altid skarp, det' derfor de glor
Ja, det' ikk' Told & Skat, men jeg følger dig, jeg tjekker dig
Og jeg håber ikk', de vækker mig, for jeg' væk i dig ligesom en gemmeleg
Du holder mig varm selv i snevejr, jeg vil ta' dig, med alt hva' det indebærer
Du' god for mig ligesom ingefær, jeg' bedre end de fleste, ingen blær, yeah
Rejsen er lige begyndt, vi to ku' rejse universet tyndt
Du er fly som et stjerneskud, og din dreng er frisk ligesom pebermint
Shoppingtur, se mig spend', baby, la' dit dankort bli' derhjem'
Fra Louis Vuitton til Magasin, i dag kan du godt glem' H&M
Fra dreng til voksen mand, men jeg' så træt af voksenting
Ligesom bungee jump, vi ku' kast' os ud, uden at vide hvor vi lander henne
Drømmene, hva' var vi uden dem? Kom, svæv væk i min himmelseng
Med dig er jeg som Himalaya - tættere på himmelen

Du ta'r mig derop
Du ta'r mig derop
Du ta'r mig helt derop nu
Du ta'r mig tættere på himlen

Åh-uh-åh, åh-uh-åh
Da jeg fandt dig var det ligesom at find' hjem
Åh-uh-åh, åh-uh-åh-åh
Du har vist mig hvor regnbuen ender hen'
Åh-uh-åh, åh-uh-åh
Hvis du vil ha' stjernerne vil jeg hent' dem
Åh-uh-åh, åh-uh-åh-åh
Fordi du ta'r mig tættere på himlenFra den anden side, en anden æra, en anden tid
Halv sort, halv hvid, så hvorfor ikke bare starte
De siger, vi ikke når derhen
Men jeg tror, vi når derhen før dem, før dem

Vi gør det med begge hænder bundet, tungen lige i munden
Hva' så, hva' så, hva' så?
Vi gør det med næsen op i sky, begge ben på jorden
Hva' så, hva' så, hva' så, hva' så?

For gennem millioner af farverige verdener
Føles det her næsten ligesom at være der
De siger, vi er langt fra, jeg siger, vi er tæt på
Og hvis de spørger os, hvor vi fra
Så siger vi fra den anden side, jaa
Ja, fra den anden side, jaa
Vi' fra den anden side, jaa
Vi' kommer fra den anden side, jaa

Vi er på den anden side, vi er fra den anden side
Hva' så, hva' så, hva' så?
Nu vi på den anden side, nu vi på den anden side
Hva' så, hva' så, hva' så, hva' så?

Ja, på den anden side, samme tempo som altid
Vågn op, det' en ny dag, en ny kage, tag en bid
De prøver på at stoppe os, men
Der skal meget mere end en stopklods til, ja
Sådan er det, når du er langvejsfra
Og den anden side er dit opholdssted
Vi gjorde en lang historie kort, tog en chance, gjorde det hårdt
Gik balancegang på linen og løb distancen som en sport
Nu der 22-0-0 på det landkort
Putter selv seks 0'er på mit dankort
Ha, vi var fanget i en sandstorm
Men nu har vi skabt os en platform, uh ja
Hvis de snakker, bare lad dem, hvis de snakker, bare lad dem
Jeg ikk' som de andre, åh nej nej, jeg damaikam
Nej nej, jeg damaikam
Hvis de snakker lort, er jeg væk som Osama Bin Laden
Ha, Osama Bin Laden
De kører hurtigt, men jeg tror, de rammer rabatten
Såfremt at jeg la' dem
Ja, de snakker om penge, og vi startede debatten
Stjæler det billede, vi fanget af natten
Halv sort, halv hvid, så hvorfor ikke bare slutte
De siger vi ikke når derhen
Men jeg tror vi når derhen, før dem, før dem

Vi gør det med begge hænder bundet, tungen lige i munden
Hva' så, hva' så, hva' så?
Vi gør det med næsen op i sky, begge ben på jorden
Hva' så, hva' så, hva' så, hva' så?

For gennem millioner af farverige verdener
Føles det her næsten ligesom at være der
De siger, vi er langt fra, jeg siger, vi er tæt på
Og hvis de spørger os, hvor vi fra
Så siger vi fra den anden side, jaa
Ja, fra den anden side, jaa
Vi' fra den anden side, jaa
Vi' kommer fra den anden side, jaa

Vi er på den anden side, vi er fra den anden side
Hva' så, hva' så, hva' så?
Nu vi på den anden side, nu vi på den anden side
Hva' så, hva' så, hva' så, hva' så?Hey !
92izi dans le bunker
Bushido, B2O
100-8 Zoo
Gear !

Algérien, ke-Tur, Albanais, Sénégalais
Manie la langue de Voltaire, j'suis connu, communautaire
Cornes et auréoles somnolent au-dessus de nos têtes
Veulent tremper nos plumes dans l'formol, refusent nos textes
On persévère : pour nous quand c'est rouge, c'est vert
Dénigré, immigré de pères et mères
J'fais mes dièses à ma sauce, stylo et flingue à ma droite
Ange du mal à ma gauche, Neuf-Deux guérilleros
"L'Union fait la Force" dit le drapeau haïtien
Le swag est américain, le négro est parisien
Peau de macaque ne craint pas les coups de matraque
Viens avec arme nuclé-izère si tu m'attaques

Die Art wie wir reden, wie wir uns bewegen
Unsere scheiß Probleme regeln
Du passt nicht in unsere Gegend
Sieh es ein du fällst auf -klick klick-Geld raus !
Verdammt ich sagte Geld raus !-klick klick-
Und jetzt lauf !

Das Leben ist hier selbst mit deutschem Pass nicht einfach
Was ich über Nacht erreicht hab
Gab meinen Brüdern Hoffnung doch viele sind im Knast gescheitert
Gastarbeiter, Großfamilien
Habens nicht geschafft sich zu integrieren
Und sind jetzt mit Koks am dealen
Was denkst du was uns unsere Zukunft bringt?
Deutschland tut mir gut bestimmt, doch ich muss mit ansehn
Wie mein Heimatland im Blut versinkt
Traurig anzusehn doch die Kehrseiten der Medaille
Sind Politiker mit Dankesreden, man kann eben keinem trauen
Mein Bezirk hast du hier Lust vorbeizuschauen ?!
Die Jugend fühlt sich ausgegrenzt und Merkel gibt uns einfach auf
Scheiß mal drauf!
Genau deshalb wünsch ich jedem ohne Abschluss
Dass er ne Millionen macht und nie wieder in den Knast muss
Dieser Ascheregen färbt die Straßen grau-schwarz
Ich glaub, dass ich observiert werde also aufs Gas
Und eure Regeln ich verletze sie grad Bushido, Booba
Morgen wird ein besserer Tag

Die Art wie wir reden, wie wir uns bewegen
Unsere scheiß Probleme regeln
Du passt nicht in unsere Gegend
Sieh es ein du fällst auf -klick klick-Geld raus !
Verdammt ich sagte Geld raus !-klick klick-
Und jetzt lauf !

Bushido
B2O
Klick KlickWir rasen auf einer mit Scheiße beschmierten
Wasserrutsche in Richtung Hölle
Und weil uns Werbeslogans auch noch
Die letzte Gehirnzelle vernichtet haben
Schreien wir uns mit Begeisterung
Auf dem Weg nach unten die Seele aus dem Leib
Unten angekommen begrüßt uns der wie Mario Barth aussehende Teufel
Und serviert uns einen Super-Spar-XXL-Burger
Zubereitet aus den gepressten Überresten unserer eigenen Artgenossen
Guten Appetit

Blinder Aktionismus, tauber Pazifismus
Stummer Protest, ich hänge ab wie Jesus Christus
Über dem Fernseher in bayrischen Wohnzimmern
Während IKEAs Schreiner dem Kapital sein Thron zimmern
Während Endemol dein Gehirn weichspült
Sich noch der armseligste Zuschauer reich fühlt
Wenn er wen sieht, der noch ärmer ist
Ich glaub, dass niemand dümmer als Johannes B. Kerner ist
Ich glaube ferner nix, was Fernsehen ist
Ich glaube, dass die Milchstraße Gottes Sperma ist
Ich glaube an das Gute im Hund
An die Missgunst im Menschen, bei wem sonst
Ist die Wunschliste am längsten
Vielleicht sind wir nur Pixel in Fenstern
Wenn mir eines Tages der Vater (Amen) erschiene
Frag ich ihn "Was ist die Dharma-Initiative?"

Die Handys werden kleiner, die Models werden dünner
Das Internet wird schneller, Verträge werden unkündbar
Die Autos werden hybrid, 2-Euro-Stücke Fünfer
Morgen wachen wir auf inmitten rauchender Trümmer
Die Menschen werden größer, doch leider auch dümmer
Tsunamis kommen öfter, die Stürme werden schlimmer
Ich mache mir Gedanken, nachts in meinem Zimmer
Morgen wachen wir auf inmitten rauchender Trümmer

Ich bin wie der Terminator
Meine Mission ist: Ich muss Sarah Connor umbringen, später
Sie sagen ich soll klarkommen (Wie?)
In meinem Kopf freestyled Gott im Originalton
Und der Liebreiz der Welt ist gigantisch
Ich fliege nach Atlantis
Denn dies ist die Stadt, die immer Untergrund bleibt
Tauch ein in die versunkenen Styles
Szenerie kompliziert mit betrunkenem Vibe
Ich schreibe Songs über verschwundene Zeit
Und will erst machen, später planen
Nie bereuen, die zwei P stehen für Peter Pan
Du willst mich aufhalten, beginn mit der Tür da
Ich bin wie der Führer- schein-Prüfer
Ein kleiner Fehler und alles ist gleich hinüber


Wenn ich nicht sage, was ich denke, dann werd ich verrückt
Aber wenn ich sage, was ich denke, sagen die anderen, ich wäre verrückt
Die ganze Situation ist zum verrückt werden
Von oben sieht die Stadt aus, als wenn ein beklopptes Kind
Seine Bauklötze wahllos in der Landschaft verstreut hätte
Mit dem Ziel, das abscheulichste machbare Muster zu erzeugen
Wenn mir irgendwer sagen kann
Wo der Ausgang vom Holodeck ist, wäre ich ihm sehr dankbar
Ich muss unbedingt wieder auf mein Schiff zurück - unbedingtIch erzähl' das mal, wie alles begann
Ich seh' das Mädel, denk' mir, eh nicht, doch ich schreib' sie mal an!
Yeah, es dauerte 'ne Zeit, bis wir uns dann endlich trafen
Wir dachten: ,Nice, wir sind bereit, Mann!‘, und wir taten's
Ich bin rumgereist für sie, quer durchs ganze Land gefahren
War auf Wolke sieben und das hat mir dann Angst gemacht
Es hat mich krank gemacht, Gefühle zu empfinden
Dass wer anders hier dein Anker ist, du spürst diesen Wind nicht
Jedes Mal, wenn wir uns streiten, vermiss' ich dich am meisten, yeah
Wir sagten, wir sind Eins, Mann, auch wenn alle Stricke reißen
So 'ne Scheiße, Mann, du weißt es, die Beziehung ist 'ne Seifenblase
Ich sagte: „Bleib hier, ich will alleine fahren!“

Ich hab' gesagt: „Ich fahr' alleine, Baby, bleib hier!“, yeah
Und ich komm' nie mehr zurück!
Ich hab' gesagt: „Ich fahr' alleine, Baby, bleib hier!“
Man sagt doch „Scherben bringen Glück.“!

Ich hab' letzte Nacht geträumt von dir
In der Hoffnung, dass das alles einfach besser wird
Doch ich sitz' alleine heut noch hier
Und wünsch' dir alles Gute auf dei'm Weg, yeah
Ich hab' letzte Nacht geträumt von dir
In der Hoffnung, dass das alles einfach besser wird
Doch ich sitz' alleine heut noch hier
Und wünsch' dir alles Gute auf dei'm Weg, yeah

Ich dachte echt, dieses Mal ist es was andres
Als alles, was ich bisher zuvor kannte
Da lag ich falsch, du bist der Engel mit den Teufelblicken
Ich hab's gepeilt – sag doch ma', wen wirst du heut noch ficken?
Bei mir läuft inzwischen, ich brauch' die Scheiße nicht
Hätt' ich auf die Jungs gehört, die meinten, dass du peinlich bist
Weißt du, wie es ist, wenn du nur Scheiße frisst?
Den ganzen Tag den Kopf zerbrichst, Mann, ob es richtig ist
Nein, das weißt du nicht, denn du lebst in deiner Traumwelt
Handtaschen, Weiber, sich gehen lassen, saufen
Nein, danke, Schatz, yeah, ey, Mann, das brauch' ich nicht
Eine Lüge nach der anderen hast du mir aufgetischt

Ich hab' gesagt: „Ich fahr' alleine, Baby, bleib hier!“, yeah
Und ich komm' nie mehr zurück!
Ich hab' gesagt: „Ich fahr' alleine, Baby, bleib hier!“
Man sagt doch „Scherben bringen Glück.“!

Ich hab' letzte Nacht geträumt von dir
In der Hoffnung, dass das alles einfach besser wird
Doch ich sitz' alleine heut noch hier
Und wünsch' dir alles Gute auf dei'm Weg, yeah
Ich hab' letzte Nacht geträumt von dir
In der Hoffnung, dass das alles einfach besser wird
Doch ich sitz' alleine heut noch hier
Und wünsch' dir alles Gute auf dei'm Weg, yeahWenn es so schön ist, halt es so gut du kannst fest
Genieß jeden Moment, denn irgendwann nimmt mans dir weg
Gott ist groß, doch kann auch so gemein sein
Wir sind Rohdiamanten und jede Erfahrung, wie ein Schleifstein

Wir waren Kinder der Dunkelheit, unsere Augen nachtaktiv
Infrarot heißt das man statt rosa nur Abfall sieht
Pessimistisch, uns abfucken, das gibts nicht
Macht alle weiter Straße und ich mein gerades Business
Es gibt gute Momente, nur leider endlich
Denn nur was du gibst, kommt zurück von anderen Menschen
Karma Bruder, ich wünsch dir viel Erfolg
Ich bleib immer da für mein Großstadtrudel, um mit ihm zu heulen
Und ein echter Freund, teilt jede Träne die du weinst
Jeden tropfen den du blutest und gönnt dir auch deine Zeiten
Nur ein paar Schritte, der Abgrund ist nicht weit
Also ehre was du liebst,  oder stirb jämmerlich allein
Denn hoch fliegen heiist tief fallen und kämpfen wollen
Auch die Faust ballen, frag dich, verkraftest du den Aufprall
Und wenn du's kannst, genieß dein Hoch
Denn es kann viel zu schnell aus sein


Ich bleib locker, scheiß auf Tokats, diss keine Opfer
Für ein Krieg gegen Windmühlen, ist mir meine Zeit zu kostbar
Meine Taschen haben Lochfrass, weil falsche Leute
Die kleine Motten in meinem Schrank waren, trotzdem bin ich dankbar
Für jedes Geschenk das mir Gott in meine Hand gab
Auch für das, was nicht mal in meiner Macht lag
Ich kenne alles, von Kuhdam bis 
Von Sonnenlicht bis Mondschein und von  bis A6
Komm in die Arme eines Fixers, jede Spritztour gesehen
Alles machte mich zu dem was ich heute bin
Die Frage die ich mir stelle
Geb ich nach, hab ich noch einen Tag oder geb ich mir die goldenen
Doch nicht Mal mein Schicksal fuckt mich noch ab
Meine Deckung stabil, der Teufel hat mich noch nicht geschafft
Die zwölfte Runde, hab ich noch nicht gepackt
Der Gong ist noch weit, doch ich habe noch genügend KraftDiese Geisterstadt, nunmehr dein Heimatkaff
Wo bis zum Leichensack jeder redet keiner macht
Keiner schaffts, Wände schweigen unerträglich laut
Jeder Traum steigt an Theken auf, platzt und fegt sich raus
Sind jung und schön, ungestüm und dumm gewöhnt
Ziehen um die Ruinen, sind hier Könige doch ungekrönt
Auf Stufenzeilen des geschlossenen Jugendheims
Die Jugend sein für blutige Nasen und 'ne gute Zeit

Und die TOP 40-Band spielt das letzte Lied im Schützenheim
Lass die Gläser knallen. Wir sind die letzte Gang der Stadt
Und wenn es heißt „Gleich vorbei!“, wer wirft den ersten Stein?
Lass die Fäuste ballen. Wir sind die letzte Gang der Stadt
Anti alles für immer
Anti alles für immer
Anti alles für ... immer

Zu viele scheiß Bands, zu viel Hype, (nochmal)
Zu viele scheiß Bands, zu viel Hype, (nochmal)
Zu viele scheiß Bands, zu viel Hype, (nochmal)
Zu viele scheiß... Bands

„Fuck for school!“ steht ein der Bushaltestelle geschmiert
In falschem Englisch mit Plus-Markt-Edding verschmiert
Vom Regen daneben seit ewig schon wir
Hängen ab Tag und Nacht, die letzte Gang der Stadt

Und die TOP40-Band spielt das letzte Lied im Schützenheim
Lass die Gläser knallen. Wir sind die letzte Gang der Stadt
Und wenn es heißt „Gleich vorbei!“, wer wirft den ersten Stein?
Lass die Fäuste ballen. Wir sind die letzte Gang der Stadt
Anti alles für immer
Anti alles für immer
Anti alles für ... immer

Ne danke kein Bedarf, alles bleibt wie's war
Hier wird 30 Jahr klar für's Eigenheim gezahlt
Mein Leben meine Wahl anstatt ewig im Dreck verkümmern
Lieber anti alles für jetzt und immer

Und die TOP40-Band spielt das letzte Lied im Schützenheim
Lass die Gläser knallen. Wir sind die letzte Gang der Stadt
Und wenn es heißt „Gleich vorbei!“, wer wirft den ersten Stein?
Lass die Fäuste ballen. Wir sind die letzte Gang der Stadt
Anti alles für immer
Anti alles für immer
Anti alles für ... immer

Für immer (2x)
Leb dieses Leben so intensiv
Als hätte dein Herz noch einen Schlag
Zeig deinen Respekt, verneig dich tief
Denn dies ist vielleicht dein letzter Tag

Das, was ich heute besitz' schätze ich, ich hat' nichts
Nur meine Mucke, ich hab gehofft es klappt mit
Rap, ich wollte bloss auf Bühnen stehen
Mit meinem von Gott gegebenen Talent das Land übernehmen
Wollts ihnen Zeigen, Menschen, die nicht dran geglaubt haben
Ich wollt ein Haus und meinen Traumwagen
Ohne Abi, ohne ihre Hilfe
Aber manchmal bist du alleine und schiebst Filme
Du fühlst dich wie Dreck, jeder andere macht cash
Arbeitsamt? Nein, sie behandeln dich Schlecht
Das letzte Wort, an alle meine Lehrer war:
"Ich werde reicher als all diese scheiss Streber"
10 Jahre später, ich blick nicht zurück
Manche meinen bloss, ich hatte Glück
Ich weiss, es war Gottes Wille
Und ich danke ihm..
 (2x)

Ich kam von ganz unten, und wollte nach ganz oben
Papa hat mir gesagt: "Bleib immer auf dem Boden
Spar deine Kohlen, sei immer dankbar
Leg was zur Seite, das Leben ist verdammt hart
Lass dich nicht stressen, glaub mir alles wird gut"
Damals fuhr ich im Zug, heute buch ich nen Flug
Aber ich weiss, woher ich komme
Und wo ich hinwill, denn dort gibt es mehr davon
Mehr von dem Glück, mehr von der Ruhe
Was ich weiss wird man niemals lernen in der Schule
Familie ist alles, der Glaube mein Reichtum
Und Gesundheit kann man nicht kaufen, das weisst du
Ich bin dankbar für alles, für alles was ich gesehen hab
Erlebt, hab , mit dabei war, und es war nicht immer einfach

Irgendwie scheinen die Tage gezählt
Manchmal eine Million, manchmal zehn
Aber deine wurden noch nicht erwähnt
Du bist am Leben, du bist am Leben
 (2x)I need Energy! Energy! Energy!...
(Energy, energy, energy...)
Choose your weapon
Send whatever you do in life to hell or Heaven
No question
Kill it
Like a MAC-11
Or Smith & Wesson
Tech and X and Krizz will make 'em call the reverend

I kill off everything wit' this
So good you better be bringin' it!
Killin' em cleverly kingin' shit that is so real
I will never be dreamin' this!
Killin' 'em softly no it ain't my lane
Hard is the way I display my pain
I put it on murder the moment they say my name!

Ooh yeah
I do share
War instilled
I won't spare
I will spill
Those who are not real!

ROAD KILL!
Push, pull, kick, aim, squeeze, drill
All everyone of you
Push, pull, kick, aim, squeeze, drill
ROAD KILL!
Push, pull, kick, aim, squeeze, drill
All everyone of ya
Push, pull, kick, aim, squeeze, drill
ROAD KILL!

You better be careful when stepping in my circle with evil intentions I dominate
Any competitor etcetera etcetera
I'm comin' out the victor cause I'm the great!
If you continue to come with confusion
Or crazy well I can accommodate
You with this bussin' I'm givin' 'em concussions
I'm totally crushin' cause I'm a Yates
I get the people involved, they want me deep in this brawl
Wish I was reachin' for peace but I am beefin' with ch'all
Breakin' your teeth and your jaw
Labeled a monster when they say that I say danke
Cause the anger I conjure
All the demons we send them, been never up yonder
If you're not evil then what is good on ya?

Ooh yeah
I do share
War instilled
I won't spare
I will spill
Those who are not real!

ROAD KILL!
Push, pull, kick, aim, squeeze, drill
All everyone of ya
Push, pull, kick, aim, squeeze, drill
ROAD KILL!
Push, pull, kick, aim, squeeze, drill
All everyone of ya
Push, pull, kick, aim, squeeze, drill
ROAD KILL!

If we fear anything
That'll mean
You're the brain
Lets see what you're made of
Kill everything you're afraid of
ROAD KILL!

Thank you for listening to Special Effects,bitchMorgens neun
Licht geht an
In den modernen deutschen Kirchen
Wir knien auf den Marmorböden
Solang wir sie scheuern dürfen
Atmen den Geruch der Fürze von den Monstern
Die wir lieben
Danken ihnen monatlich per Grundgebühr fürs Parfümieren
Beten zum Mercedesstern, Logos unsre neuen Kreuze
Apple lässt uns besser fühlen
Lasst die weißen Laptops leuchten
Die Dinosaurier sind gestorben für uns
Wir kippen sie zermahlen
In die Tanks unsrer Sportwagen

Wir rennen durch Nacht schreien
Ey, Ey, Ey!
Keiner kann uns irgendetwas tun
Wir machen nicht mehr mit, Alter!
Nee, Nee, Nee!
Lasst uns mit euerem Scheiß in Ruh!
Die Graffitis werden die neuen Hieroglyphen
In tausend Jahren werden nur Lieder überleben
Und aus Müll ein paar schiefe Pyramiden
Und aus Müll ein paar schiefe Pyramiden

Ja, wir Deutschen und unsere sklavische Art
Keiner hat damals mitgemacht
Keiner hat mitgelacht
Aber sowohl Hitler als auch Mario Barth
Haben beide das Olympiastadion vollgemacht
Wir sind uns einig
Das System kaputtzuschlagen
Doch diesen langen Antrag auszufüllen in Druckbuchstaben
Hat niemand wirklich Bock drauf
Wie mit dem Bus zu fahren
Ich hab endlich meine Wunden überwunden
Und warte, dass mich irgendein Verrückter niedersticht
Meine beste Review wird mein Autopsiebericht
Weil man endlich die inneren Werte von Pi bespricht
Meine bemalte Haut ist nur eine Zwiebelschicht

Wir rennen durch Nacht schreien
Ey, Ey, Ey!
Keiner kann uns irgendetwas tun
Wir machen nicht mehr mit, Alter!
Nee, Nee, Nee!
Lasst uns mit euerem Scheiß in Ruh!
Die Graffitis werden die neuen Hieroglyphen
In tausend Jahren werden nur Lieder überleben
Und aus Müll ein paar schiefe Pyramiden
Und aus Müll ein paar schiefe Pyramiden

Wenn alle Werbeplakate und Fernseher schwarz wären
Würdet ihr sehen wieviel Platz uns die Firmen rauben
Und was für ein großes Loch
Mitten in unserem Leben steht
Ohne all den ganzen Mist zum Kaufen
Wir taumeln durch Kathedralen
Die Fenster LED-Fernseher
Die ewig glatten Werbungsmenschen unsere Prediger
Das Leben ist ein Labyrinth
Die Mauern sind gefüllte Schrankmeter bei Edeka
Die letzte Generation, bevor die Weltsprache dann Chinesisch war

Wir rennen durch Nacht schreien
Ey, Ey, Ey!
Keiner kann uns irgendetwas tun
Wir machen nicht mehr mit, Alter!
Nee, Nee, Nee!
Lasst uns mit euerem Scheiß in Ruh!
Die Graffitis werden die neuen Hieroglyphen
In tausend Jahren werden nur Lieder überleben
Und aus Müll ein paar schiefe Pyramiden
Und aus Müll ein paar schiefe Pyramiden
Ey, Ey, Ey!
Nee, Nee, Nee!
Und aus Müll ein paar schiefe Pyramiden
Und aus Müll ein paar schiefe Pyramiden
Und aus Müll ein paar schiefe Pyramiden
Und aus Müll ein paar schiefe PyramidenUnd so wie feiner Sand verläuft sich meine ganze Welt
Ich steh im Ring und kann nur warten bis das Handtuch fällt
Ich wär so gern ein Held, doch Taten prägen Menschen nicht
Es ist vergebens wenn ein Mensch in all der Masse spricht
Es klingt lächerlich zu suchen was man nie besaß, aber Menschen wollen es doch immer so wie es damals war
Und jetzt steh ich da, war viel zu feige dich zu lieben
Glück alleine hilft niemals raus, bei all den Kriesen
Und damit macht sich Depression zum Lebensstil, hab gesagt du bist mein Leben, bis mein Leben fiel
Was für ein schönes Spiel, es war so einfallsreich, mit den Masken die wir trugen fiel das Lügen leicht
Wir waren so endlos gleich, weil ich dir gehör, vielleicht ein Fehler weil du wusstest wie man mich zerstört
Trotzdem sorry wies gelaufen ist, hoffe nur das du da draußen bist
Es tut mir leid wie es gelaufen ist, ich schreib das Lied in Tränen, ich weiß du glaubst mir nicht  (2x)
Trotzdem danke für die Einsamkeit, du bist der Grund wieso ich wieder mal an Liedern schreib

Und so wie feiner Sand versteh ich dieses Leben nicht
Sag wenn du weg bist und mich hasst, wieso seh ich dich
Sag warum sollten wir reden, guck du redest nicht
Und wenn du anders bist, sag warum versteh ich dich
Und wenn das Leben mich kaputt macht wieso lebe ich
Du warst die Welt in der ich lebte wieso geh ich nicht
Und wenn ich könnte würd ich hassen wieso geht das nicht
Was hast du bloß gemacht, versteh ich nicht
Du sagst jeder Mensch hat Fehler die er niemandem zeigt
Ich hab gesagt kommst du zu mir lass ich dich nie allein
Ich hab gesagt das ich dich liebe wird mein Lebensziel, ich habs doch gut gemacht, sag warum reden sie
Und das die Wolken Tränen weinen hab ich nie gewollt, ich hab ein Herz aus Eis und kein Herz aus Gold

Trotzdem sorry wies gelaufen ist, hoffe nur das du da draußen bist
Es tut mir leid wie es gelaufen ist, ich schreib das Lied in Tränen, ich weiß du glaubst mir nicht  (3x)
Trotzdem danke für die Einsamkeit, du bist der Grund wieso ich wieder mal an Liedern schreib..Rote Sonne, gelber Strand, blaues Meer rauscht
Geboren so wie Venus zwischen Wogen, Gischt und Schaum
Aber nicht mit weißer Haut, in einer Muschel auf den Wellen
Sondern zwischen Trümmerteilen und dem Klang von Hundebellen
Gespült ins Land der einstmals ewig blühenden Antike
Wo die Morgenröte golden ist - Willkommen in der Krise!
Ein vertrockneter Olivenzweig zeigt dir den Weg ins Drittland
Nach Kreuzberg Berlin - in die Heimat der Hipster
Wo die Sambatruppe beim Kulturkarneval zwar klar geht
Doch sich Argwohn in den Blick legt
Wenn ein schwarzer Mann im Park steht
Wo sich an den Randbezirken zeigt, wie dünn das Furnier ist
Das sich Zivilisation nennt, wenn du nicht gerade von hier bist
Wenn nicht grade ein Turnier ist, bist du nicht zu Gast bei Freunden
Du hast viele Träume?
Wir haben viele Zäune!
Wir haben viele Bäume, du kannst Klettern, fliehst und siehst
Wie sich die große Muschel für dich für immer schließt!

Dies ist ein goldenes Land, mach nichts schmutzig
Fass hier nichts an!
Man sollte weltweit alle Hände amputieren
Wir haben viel zu viel, um euch was abzugeben!
Wir haben viel zu viel
Wir haben viel zu viel
Wir haben viel zu viel
Um euch was abzugeben (2x)

Eingerollt in eine Bettdecke mit Rosen drauf
So chillst du seit drei Tagen im Platanenbaum
Oranienplatz, eingezäunt und bewacht
Alles von meinem Steuergeld, Danke Frank, gut gemacht!
Gekommen aus dem schönen Sudan
Sonne Lacht, Völkermord - Hütten stehen in Flammen
Während ich mich schneide beim Rasieren
Wird bei dir nur bisschen massakriert
Durch die Dschandschawid von Al-Bashir
Meine Freunde machen Gangzeichen im Tretboot
Und ich Summertime Sadness, wegen Trennung, sie fehlt so!
Und du kannst dich Sonnen in der Wüste
Pipelines, Söldnerbanden, Helikopterschüsse
Kauf ich Schuhe von Nike oder Adidas?
Solche Fragen quälen mich, während du 'ne schöne Bootsfahrt hast
Wir Deutschen haben es schwer
Du schaust in meine Augen und steigst aus Mitleid vom BaumWillkommen in Deutschlands Quatschsendung Nummer eins! Wir sinds. Wir haben mit Satire nichts am Hut.

Genau!

Was die Kollegen in Hamburg bei "Extra 3" da gemacht haben, diese dicken Bretter, die können wir hier, sind wir nicht imstande zu bohren.

Schaffen wir nicht!

Und ich sage: Hut ab! Große Nummer!

Das ist eine ganz andere Liga. Auch die "heute-show", wie gut die ist!

Die "heute-show", die finde ich richtig gut. Wenn ich in der Vergangenheit gerüchteweise gehört habe, dass wir hier scharf auf den Sendeplatz sind von der "heute-show", oder auf irgendwas, das Oli Welke gehört: Das würde ich niemals sagen, das stimmt nicht, auf gar keinen Fall. Oli! Liebe Grüße! Riesenfan! Schau ich jede Woche, um mich inspirieren zu lassen.
Und Satire: "Extra 3" hat diese Woche fast den dritten Weltkrieg ausgelöst - dafür erst mal einen großen Applaus! Ja! Mit 'ner Supernummer. Und das muss man vielleicht mal ... Offensichtlich schaut man in der Türkei jede noch so kleine Satire- oder Quatschsendung, also wahrscheinlich auch diese. Vielleicht, liebe Türken, wenn Sie das jetzt - (Sirenengeräusch) - wenn Sie das jetzt sehen: Vielleicht muss man da ganz kurz was erklären: Was die Kollegen von "Extra 3" da gemacht haben, also inhaltlich humorvoll mit dem umgegangen sind, was Sie da quasi politisch unten tun, Herr Erdogan - das ist in Deutschland, in Europa gedeckt von der Kunstfreiheit, von der Pressefreiheit, von der Meinungsfreiheit...

Artikel 5!

Was?

Artikel 5, Grundgesetz.

Artikel 5 unseres Grundgesetzes, unserer tollen Verfassung: Das darf man hier. Da können Sie nicht einfach sagen, die Bundesregierung soll die Satire zurückziehen oder das muss irgendwie gelöscht werden aus dem Internet. In Deutschland ist so was erlaubt, und ich finde es ganz toll, wie in dieser Woche die Zivilgesellschaft aufgestanden ist - von Beatrix von Storch, die noch vor zwei Wochen mich erschießen lassen wollte, glaube ich, wegen dieses komischen Songs, den wir gemacht haben. Und jetzt ist sie auf einmal ganz vorne dabei, wenn es um Pressefreiheit und Kunstfreiheit geht. Alle Leute waren auf einmal auf einer Linie: Das muss zugelassen werden! Je suis "Extra 3".

Sehr gut.

Herr Erdogan, es gibt Fälle, wo man auch in Deutschland, in Mitteleuropa Sachen macht, die nicht erlaubt sind. Also: Es gibt Kunstfreiheit - Satire und Kunst und Spaß - das ist erlaubt. Und es gibt das andere, wie heißt es?

Schmähkritik.

Schmähkritik. Das ist ein juristischer Ausdruck, also: Was ist Schmähkritik?

Wenn du Leute diffamierst. Wenn du einfach nur so untenrum argumentierst, ne? Wenn du die beschimpfst und wirklich nur bei privaten Sachen, die die ausmachen, herabsetzt.

Herabwürdigen. Und das ist in Deutschland auch nicht erlaubt?

Das ist Schmähkritik, ja.

Haben Sie das verstanden, Herr Erdogan?

Das kann bestraft werden.

Das kann bestraft werden? Und dann können auch Sachen gelöscht werden - aber erst hinterher, nicht vorher?

Erst hinterher.

Das ist vielleicht ein bisschen kompliziert - vielleicht erklären wir es an einem praktischen Beispiel mal ganz kurz. Ich hab ein Gedicht, das heißt "Schmähkritik". Können wir vielleicht dazu eine türkisch angehauchte Version von einem Nena-Song haben? Und können wir vielleicht ganz kurz nur die türkische Flagge im Hintergrund bei mir? Sehr gut.
Also, das Gedicht. Das, was jetzt kommt, das darf man nicht machen?

Darf man nicht machen.

Wenn das öffentlich aufgeführt wird, das würde in Deutschland verboten.

Bin der Auffassung: das nicht.

Okay. Das Gedicht heißt "Schmähkritik".
Sackdoof, feige und verklemmt,
ist Erdogan, der Präsident.
Sein Gelöt stinkt schlimm nach Döner,
selbst ein Schweinefurz riecht schöner.
Er ist der Mann, der Mädchen schlägt
und dabei Gummimasken trägt.
Am liebsten mag er Ziegen ficken
und Minderheiten unterdrücken,
Das wäre jetzt quasi 'ne Sache, die...

Nee!

Kurden treten, Christen hauen
und dabei Kinderpornos schauen.
Und selbst abends heißts statt schlafen,
Fellatio mit hundert Schafen.
Ja, Erdogan ist voll und ganz,
ein Präsident mit kleinem Schwanz.
Wie gesagt, das ist 'ne Sache, da muss man...

Das darf man nicht machen.

Das darf man nicht machen.

Nicht "Präsident" sagen.

Jeden Türken hört man flöten,
die dumme Sau hat Schrumpelklöten.
Von Ankara bis Istanbul
weiß jeder, dieser Mann ist schwul,
pervers, verlaust und zoophil -
Recep Fritzl Priklopil.
Sein Kopf so leer wie seine Eier,
der Star auf jeder Gangbang-Feier.
Bis der Schwanz beim Pinkeln brennt,
das ist Recep Erdogan, der türkische Präsident.
Also, das dürfte man in Deutschland...

Unter aller Kajüte!

Ganz kurz. Hey! Hey! Hey!

Nicht klatschen!

Dankeschön. Also, das ist jetzt 'ne Geschichte, was könnte da jetzt passieren?

Unter Umständen nimmt man es aus der Mediathek! Das kann jetzt rausgeschnitten werden.

Also, wenn die Türkei oder ihr Präsident da was dagegen hätte, müsste er sich erst mal 'nen Anwalt suchen.

Ja, genau.

Ich kann Ihnen sehr empfehlen unseren Scherzanwalt, Dr. Christian Witz in Berlin.

Der berät auch den Berliner Bürgermeister.

Der berät auch den Berliner Bürgermeister, unser Scherzanwalt Dr. Christian Witz?

Der macht einfach alles.

Darf der das denn eigentlich?

Der macht Atze, Pocher und den Berliner Bürgermeister

Unser Scherzanwalt Dr. Christian Witz! Nehmen Sie sich 'nen Anwalt, sagen Sie, Sie haben da was im Fernsehen gesehen, was Ihnen nicht gefällt - Schmähkritik - und dann geht man erst mal vor ein Amtsgericht. Einstweilige Verfügung, Unterlassungserklärung. Dann wird wahrscheinlich die Sendung, die das gemacht hat oder der Sender wird dann sagen: Nö, das sehen wir anders, und dann geht man die Instanzen hoch, und irgendwann in drei, vier Jahren... Wichtig ist: Sie müssen dafür sorgen, dass es nicht im Internet landet. Ganz wichtig, dass die Ausschnitte nicht...

Aber das macht doch keiner!

Das macht keiner, kann ich mir auch nicht vorstellen.

Man hats in der Mediathek, normalerweise.

Warum soll mans dann ins Netz stellen? Ist es jetzt klar?

Ich glaub schon.

Ich finde es ganz wichtig.Dieses Ding wird ein Klassiker
Bin Kind aus den Achzigern
Mein Leben es geht auf und ab Wildeste Achterbahn
Ich chill mit den Hustlern angeklagt wegen Grasplantagen
Auf dem Weg zum Strafverfahren
Haben wir uns straff verfahren
Egal, therapier ich mich eben selbst
MDMA die pure Liebe für wenig Geld
Ich deal nicht mehr mit dem Haze
Deal nicht mehr mit dem weißen Teufel
Heute Tracks, früher Beutel. Scheiß drauf!
Ich will jetzt besser machen, will nicht den Stress mehr haben
Will auch mal etwas lachen
Ohne Blaulicht, ohne Drogen, ohne Alkohol
Eigentlich traurig ohne fühl ich mich nur halb so wohl
Hook 
High vom Leben, ich bleib hier kleben
Liebe, Hass und Tränen, schreib mir alles von der Seele
Und ich sag dem Mann in Spiegel genieß das Leben ständig
Denn du bist länger tod als lebendig!

Ich bin Workaholic mit 'nem Hang zum Burnoutsyndrom
Permanent auf Sendung, ich spüre kein Turn auf dem Koks
Ruhepuls 180, für mich ganz normal
Guter Kurs unter Atzen und nicht asozial
Hier wird geteilt zwischen Brüdern  selber Lifestyle wie früher
Immer high sein doch lieber gib ich alles für die Liebe
Auch ich habe Gefühle für dich is sowas nicht wichtig
Doch nach dieser einen Frau bin ich hochgradig süchtig
Sie ist Balsam für die Seele nicht mehr einsam durch das Leben
Ich bin schon glücklich ey, einfach wenn wir reden
Der Spagat zwischen Rap und Privat hat mich ständig gefordert
Ein Dankeschön an alle Fans und echten Supporter
Hook 

Bis dann irgendwann die Bullen vor der Tür stehen
Alles einpacken ,mitnehmen, alles klein machen Fick geben
Hab mein Leben ruiniert, beinah als ich am Boden war wer da?
Keiner bis auf einer Hand voll echter Freunde bis heut
Vollbluthustler, ich verbeuge mich vor euch
Doch die meiste Liebe hab ich für meinen Bruder
Wir teilen Blut in unseren Adern einen Vater eine Mutter
Für ihn würde ich töten wie für meine Frau und Kinder
Ich brauch keine 1000 Spinner nur ein paar von den Echten
Mein Bruder ist der Beste immer fest an meiner Seite
Ohne ihn würde ich nicht rappen und den ganzen Laden schmeißen
Hook Scheiss auf das geld auf die autos auf die schicken kleider
Ich schreibe texte rap sie vor die leute nicken weiter
Seitdem ich ein rapper bin kommen sie alle an
Jetzt wollen sie alle wissen wer ich bin und was ich alles kann
Wenn du wie ich erfolg hast und dazu noch fleisig bist gibt es immer wieder einen kumpel der auf dich neidig ist
Du kannst zwar jeden glauben doch du darfst nicht jeden trauen
Dir reicht ein guter freund und eine gute ehefrau
Ich bin auch nur ein mensch mein herz kann auch bluten
Desswegen muss ich mir meine freunde gut aussuchen
Ich will nicht streiten oder mich mit anderen leuten schlagen
Ich wollte nur einen guten job und wahre freudne haben
Meine freunde die mit mir durch dick und dünn gehen
Geben mir das gefühl als hätte ich noch 5 leben
Ich bin zwar nicht perfekt doch bin euch immer treu geblieben
Da es halt nicht anders ging hab ich dies hier für euch geschrieben
Ich war ein guter freund in guten und in schlechten zeiten
Ich war immer da für euch und will es auch am besten bleiben
Ich bin zwar nicht perfekt doch bin euch immer treu geblieben
Da es nicht anders ging hab ich dies hier für euch geschrieben
Ich war ein guter freund in guten und in schlechten tagen
Auch wenn sie mal lästern oder über mich was schlechtes sagen
Ich bin zwar nicht perfekt doch bin euch immer treu geblieben
Da es halt nicht anders ging hab ich dies hier für euch geschrieben
Und heute bin ich alpa gun auch wenn ich jetzt kommerz bin
Müsst ihr mir glauben
Alles was ich schreibe kommt von herzen
Ich wollte schon immer sein wie maxim rest in peace einfach loyal zu meiner crew ich schreib auf beste beatz
Schön das es die sekte gibt ich bin froh bei euch zu sein
Hier hab ich gelernt zu texten, rappen und auch weich zu rheimen
Sido hat an mich geglaubt bobby hat mich aufgebaut
Hätt ich jetzt die kohle hätt ich euch beiden ein haus gekauft
Alles gute du bist vater ich meine dich kawa
Du bist mein erster bester freund der immer für mich da war
Dann denk ich an die harte zeit die ich mit dillo hatte
Ich bin euer freund auch wenn ich morgen eine mille mache
(...) ich weis das du für mich auch kugeln frisst
Wenn es eine ein mann arme gibt dann weis ich das du es bist
Und abu nasra ahmet eure brüder sind mir nicht egal ich bete für haisan für(...) und abu jamal
Ich wurde angestochen dann lag ich im krankenhaus
Engin abi du hast dich um mich gekümmert danke auch danke harri danke an sekten musik und meine fans
Das ist für euch und hiermit zeig ich euch mein respekt
Ich war ein guter freund in guten und in schlechten zeiten
Ich war immer da für euch und will es auch am besten bleiben
Ich bin zwar nicht perfekt doch bin euch immer treu geblieben
Da es nicht anders ging hab ich dies hier für euch geschrieben
Ich war ein guter freund in guten und in schlechten tagen
Auch wenn sie mal lästern oder über mich was schlechtes sagen
Ich bin zwar nicht perfekt doch bin euch immer treu geblieben
Da es halt nicht anders ging hab ich dies hier für euch geschrieben
Ich hab das für euch geschrieben ich schneid für euch meine hand ab
Ich mein alle meine freunde auch die ich hier nicht genannt hab
Doch da gibt es leider noch ein paar mit den ich beef hab
In diesem leben ist es normal das man auch beef hat
Ich weis damit umzugehen weil hier schon so manche starben
Bete für alle die uns schon so früh verlassen haben
Jetzt könnt ihr alle sehen wie alpa gun als rapper lebt
Ich hab euch alle nicht vergessen auch wenns mir jetzt besser geht
Ich war ein guter freund in guten und in schlechten zeiten
Ich war immer da für euch und will es auch am besten bleiben
Ich bin zwar nicht perfekt doch bin euch immer treu geblieben
Da es nicht anders ging hab ich dies hier für euch geschrieben
Ich war ein guter freund in guten und in schlechten tagen
Auch wenn sie mal lästern oder über mich was schlechtes sagen
Ich bin zwar nicht perfekt doch bin euch immer treu geblieben
Da es halt nicht anders ging hab ich dies hier für euch geschriebenImmer wenn du gehst wird es Kalt hier - die Gefühle am erfrieren man
Immer wenn du herkommst um halb 4 - und deine Beine zittern wieder
Sag Wo ist mein weg bitte zeig's mir - ich hab's noch geleugnet 'ne Zeit
Und ich will das du weißt ich war bei dir - aber es sollte nicht sein
Ich weiß selbst nicht was ich weiß und hab ihr doch so viel zu sagen - mäßig danke für die Zeit und man sieht sich in paar Jahren
Das Leid geht - wenn die Zeit kommt
When I die bury me with all my ice on

Ja der Whiskey knallt auf leeren Magen - bisschen Valium, bisschen Opiate
Also sag mir wo du wohnst
Babe ich schwör ich komm vorbei - sind Klamotten auf dem Boden aber alles nicht von Zeit
Fuck ich tauch in ihrem Meer, doch bin raus wenn sie nichts merkt - wenn Gefühle mich verlassen man ich Lauf nicht hinterher
Und ich glaube sie spürt es - doch ich fühl nichts ich rauch meine Tüte
Nein es klappt nicht - nein es passt nicht, aber baby bitte sei nicht wütend
Ich hoffe du verstehst wenn ich gehen muss - nein ich wollte dir nie weh tun
Aber Babe ich kann nicht bleiben - denn Leben heißt ich bleibe in Bewegung
Meine letzte Kippe lange verraucht - ihre Augen sehen leer aus
Fuck ich hab versucht sie zu lieben - aber reiß am Ende nur ihr Herz raus

Immer wenn du gehst wird es Kalt hier - die Gefühle am erfrieren man
Immer wenn du herkommst um halb 4 - und deine Beine zittern wieder
Sag Wo ist mein weg bitte zeig's mir - ich hab's noch geleugnet 'ne Zeit
Und ich will das du weißt ich war bei dir - aber es sollte nicht sein
Ich weiß selbst nicht was ich weiß und hab ihr doch so viel zu sagen - mäßig danke für die Zeit und man sieht sich in paar Jahren
Das Leid geht - wenn die Zeit kommt
When I die bury me with all my ice on
Bitte ruf mich an wenn du das hier liest
Bitte ruf mich an wenn du das hier liestWo ich herkomme hat man sich gebattlet statt zu streiten
Jeden Tag am Corner, ja, die Messages verbreiten
Nein, ich konnte mir nie ein Semesterticket leisten, von Essen ganz zu schweigen
Ich bin schwarzgefahren, um auf Jams etwas zu reißen
Beatboxen und breaken, freestylen und sprayen
24/7, mir kann niemand etwas erzählen
Zehn fertige Alben, keins wurde released
Ich war lieber broke, statt ein Teil der Industrie
Ja, Anerkennung in der Szene ist so wenig wert
Ich scheiße auf den Echo für mein Lebenswerk
Ganz normal, dass sich Wut langsam aufstaut
Wenn man trotz alle dem in der Juice niemals auftaucht
Ich hatte doch Reimgebilde mit mehr als einer Silbe
Da hat man sich auf Platin Platten noch nichts eingebildet
Teil von etwas Großem, aber niemals vom System
Doch das Game wollte den Teacher nicht verstehen

93 til infinity, yeah
Ich bleib' für immer real, fick die Industrie, ey
Damals hätte mir ein Danke schon gereicht
Bald bin ich am Start, dann tut es euch leid

Ich hab' zum malen nie ein Messer mitgenommen
Jedes Tag war es mir wert, auf die Fresse zu bekommen
Denn Malen war meine Liebe und die Farben meine Bibel
Aber Anerkennung zahlte keine Miete
Ich kenne jeden aus dem Showgeschäft von früher
Boulevard Bou und ich waren so etwas wie Brüder
Ein Jahr später war er fame und ich unbekannt
Und aufeinmal ruft er nicht mehr zum Geburtstag an
Heute ist es für die Freundschaft zwischen uns zu spät
Und wir ignorieren uns so gut es geht
Du hast dues gepaid? Wo ist dann dein Feature mit mir?
Seit einundzwanzig Jahren nix zu verlieren ja

93 til infinity, yeah
Ich bleib' für immer real, fick die Industrie, ey
Damals hätte mir ein Danke schon gereicht
Bald bin ich am Start, dann tut es euch leid
93 til infinityMama mach dir keine Sorgen
Alles läuft nach Plan
Soll der Sturm doch wehen
Dem Berg ist das egal
Sag mir wovor soll ich Angst haben?
Ich bin cool mit Luzifer
Sero la solei, I'm the motherfucking Future

I'm the Future
I'm the Future
I'm the Future
I'm the Future

Bitch, schlag deinen Duden auf
Check meine Fresse steht direkt unter dem Wort läuft
Weil ich deine Freundin im Rolls Royce
Noch härter Nagel als Jesus an's Holzkreuz
Future wie iPhone 10, Future wie Morpheus
Ach egal wo ich bin
Ich stehe im Zentrum des Blitzlichtgewitters wie Lord Zeus
Weil ich am Rad dreh', Traktor
Jede Punchline ein Machtwort
Herz aus Stein, Aura aus Stein
Grinsend gemeißelt, Mount Rushmore
Eure von Träumen geleiteten winzigen Schiffe
Sie treiben so einsam und ziellos auf See
Aber zertrümmern im Auge des Sturmes
Sofort an den Klippen der Realität
Future wie Tesla, Tesla, Orville, Orville, Silicon Valley, Valley
Ihr seid Future wie VHS
Future wie Walkman im Baggy
Baby Lifestyle so Halluha (?)
Süßer als Häagen-Dazs
Weil ich öffne die Augen und seh' all das
Wofür ich damals gebetet hab'
Doch seh' auch den Neid
Seh auch den Hass
Nasar, Nasar aber egal
Ja am Ende fickt euch das eigene Karma
Denn ihr könnt nicht danken wie Liliputaner
Egal was ihr startet
Am Ende geht's mir super
Wie willst du mich aufhalten?
I'm the motherfucking Future

I'm the Future
I'm the Future
I'm the Future
I'm the Future

Meine Lehrer prophezeiten mir damals, dass ich mal versage
Sag mal diesen Spasten sie sind sehr schlechte Orakel
Geh' und sag mal diesen Spasten
Heutzutage stapel
Ich mein Geld hoch zum Himmel
Wie den fucking Turm zu Babel, ah
Sero, Ego wie Neo
Siempre dinero
Denk bloß nicht, dass du mich hier aufhältst
Deutscher Rap ist die Matrix
Alles nur Klone gefangen in ner Traumwelt
Only one, chosen one, holy one, Rosenkranz
Anti-Alles wie Kim Jong
Häng nicht allein an der Spitze wie King Kong
Geh und sag all den Leuten die mich hintergingen
Mein allerletzer Wille bevor ich sterbe ist
Dass sie mein Sarg an Seilen und Tauen
Hinunterlassen in die tiefschwarze Erde
Mit all meinen Lorbeeren (all meinen Lorbeeren)
Schwöre ich würde es ihnen gönnen
Dass sie ein letztes Mal die Chance dazu haben
Mich hängenlassen zu können
Doch bis dahin gib ihnen Hellfire
Ich fress' jeden auf
Lege die Beichte ab
Und der Priester bricht in Tränen aus
Denn die einzige Frau, die jemals in mein Herz sah, war Medusa
Und jeder der mich kennt weiß I'm the motherfucking Future

I'm the Future
I'm the Future
I'm the Future
I'm the Future
I'm the motherfucking Future
I'm the Future
I'm the Future
I'm the Future
I'm the FutureHallo!
Bin wieder da. Kaliba
Immernoch Terrorist. (Yeah)
Wo ist denn jetzt hier... ah achso

So, du bist also ein Player und kriegst jede geile Sau?
Du kennst mich... ich setz mal eben einen drauf
Also erzähl mit bitte nicht so eine blöde Geschichte
Ich hab Dornröschen gefickt, eh!
Ist wirklich wahr, hier, von wegen 100-jähriger Schlaf
Sie hatte lediglich grad meinen Penis im Arsch
Und diese Drecksschlampe Aschenputtel
Hat meinen Sack genuckelt als wäre es Wackelpudding
Märchenbitches sind gut versteckt wie ein Fahnenjunker im Nazibunker
Doch ich brauche bloß zu sagen: "Rapunzel, lass den BH herunter!"
Flüster der Prinzessin eine Obszönität
Weil sie nicht auf den Froschkönig steht, sondern meine Blockflöte bläst
Er wollte nur ein Haus auf dem Land
Doch ich hab dem scheiß Fischer seine Frau ausgespannt
Durch die Kippe danach kann's passieren, dass ich Kettenraucher werde
Ich lag AUF der Prinzessin auf der Erbse
Und die Zwerge können's nur auf Zehenspitzen
Doch ich kann Schneewittchen in ihr Face wichsen
Als ich besoffen war hab ich mich sogar mal versehentlich bei Frau Holle betätigt
Doch jetzt hab ich einen goldenen Penis, ah!
 (2x)
Märchenschlampen, seid nicht dumm
Denn der Märchenprinz kommt zur Geisterstunde
Und wenn mir jemand sagt, das wäre frei erfunden
Kriegt der Schweinehund ein paar Beleidigungen, yoa!

Entschuldigung Kaliba, findest das es nicht ein bisschen unglaubwürdig, wenn du deine an den Haaren herbeigezogenen Bettgeschichten auch noch mit eindeutig fiktiven Persönlichkeiten schmückst?
Nein, schweig still, du Strolch!
Ruckediguh, Blut ist im Schuh, doch ein echter Pirat...
Ja, lassen wir das. Es gibt keinen zweiten Part!
(2x)
Und er bekommt alle Weiber
Man nennt ihn den Märchenfreier
Er kann es gar nicht lassen
Sie anzufassen und rumzumachen
Ohhh, er nimmt sich die Königstochter
Denn sie ist sein schönstes Opfer
Schau, wie sie abgeht und er sie flachlegt
Märchenschlampen adé

Alligatoah:
Dankeschön Yilmaz. Ey hier du arbeitest doch auch grade an 'nem Album oder?
Yilmaz:
Ja, also wir haben...
Alligatoah:
Ja komm', was auch immer. STRW dre... vier
 (4x)
Märchenschlampen, seid nicht dumm
Denn der Märchenprinz kommt zur Geisterstunde
Und wenn mir jemand sagt, das wäre frei erfunden
Kriegt der Schweinehund ein paar Beleidigungen, yoa!"Ich lass diesen Film... (Ich lass diesen Film) für diese 14-jährigen (14-jährigen) Hundesöhne (Hundesöhne), die mir (die mir) dann schreiben und sagen: Arafat hat  gefickt!
Ich lass' den Film (ich lass' den Film), (Yeah) so wie ich dir Respekt gebe (dir Respekt gebe), gib mir zurück... (gib mir zurück)"

Ich zünd' die Medium an, zieh - Anthrazit
Der Himmel über den Dächern der Stadt in der ich lebe
Und alles kommt zurück und es trifft mich - Headshot
Mir wurd' bewusst ich opferte mein Leben für das Drecksloch
Machte aus ein paar perspektivlosen Tieren
Rebellistische Lyricists, die alle inspirieren
Die aufstehen, rausgehen, die Welt nicht mehr hassen
Zeigte dem Rest von Deutschland diese Helden im Schatten
Ob es Mülheim oder Essen war
Wir schmissen Perlen vor die Säue aus einem Gebiet
Man, das Deutschland längst vergessen hat
Fick mich, wenn ich was davon hatte
Ich machte es aus Loyalität und aus Liebe zur Sache
Sieh, ein Bitte bringt dir Leben und ein Danke dein' Tod
Die Welt fuckt mich ab, deswegen behandel' ich euch so
Sieh, ich hatte einen Traum, ich wollt' durch Mucke mit euch essen
Heute ist mein Traum, ich will euch alle vergessen

(Könige)
Ihr habt die Krone, ich hab das Mic wieder - K-K-Kill'em all, steh'
Ich schiess' auf euch, da wo ich euch seh'
Euer (König) - König im Schatten -
Die Nummer eins aller (Könige) - Könige im Schatten -
(Bilal 2x)

Ich war naiv, als ich dachte, Fans sind meine Freunde
Für den erstbesten Hurensohn jagen sie dich zum Teufel
Ich war zu nett, als Bushido mir sagte
Er tapeziert mit meiner schwarzen Haut seine Villa
Weil Kay gegenüber behindert wurd'
Aufgrund meiner Adoption machten sie sich lustig über SOS-Kinderdorf
Hinter den Kulissen sind das alles so ne Bastardblagen
Hier vorne spielen sie die Maskerade
Und wenn du verzeihst, drauf scheisst, versuchst trotzdem zu lächeln
Machen Kids dich zum Hund, denn sie sehen es als Schwäche
Ich war zu nett, als ich 'Moms' schrieb, fuck it, sieh
Keiner von euch kennt mich, mein Gutes ist unendlich
Yeah, ihr bekommt mein' Hass, ich spuck' Ether
Eure Mütter sind euch heilig? Gut, ich ficke eure Väter
Ich war ein zu guter Junge vor dem Herrn
Als ich ihnen 2006 einredete: "Jungs, ihr seid was wert"
Sieh, ich schrieb in ihre Hooks, nahm sie mit mois
Sie kamen überall rum
Ihre Tracks landen auf 'nem Album
Heute sind sie Star und sie sitzen mir da
Und sagen: "Sie wollten das alles nicht, sie hätten nicht gefragt"
Tzz, keiner dieser Rapper wurde so oft gefickt wie ich - Shit!
Denn ich hab' geteilt, was ich bekam und gab 'nen Fick auf's Geschäft
Man sieh, mein Herz ist eine Rose, die auf einem Misthaufen wächst
Sieh, wenn ich zurückdenk', hätt' ich nicht geteilt
Wär' ich heute überall die Eins
Wenn ich zurückdenk', wär' ich so ein piç wie die
Würd' ich übernachten in der Luxussuite
Anstatt in Hood wie Speed - B-B-Bilal - Enfant terrible
Sieh, ich blute diese Songs und flieg' auf ihnen durch die Krise
Sieh, ich spuck' auf sie runter, ihr krönt diese Ratten
M Punkt verdammt zu 'nem König im Schatten

(Könige)
Ihr habt die Krone, ich hab das Mic wieder - K-K-Kill'em all, steh'
Ich schiess' auf euch, da wo ich euch seh'
Euer (König) - König im Schatten -
Die Nummer eins aller (Könige) - Könige im Schatten -
(Bilal 2x)Yeah!

Wenn dein Job weg ist und du keine Arbeit hast
Mach dir kein' Kopf, sag dir einfach: „Ali war's!“
Wenn du in den Club wolltest, doch nicht auf die Party kamst
Wer stand vor der Tür? Ali war's
Wenn dein Mädchen dich nicht fickt, aber redet dann von Schwangerschaft
Mach dir kein' Kopf, sag dir einfach: „Ali war's!“
Wenn du einen Riesenhandabdruck auf deinem Nacken hast
Frag nicht: „Wer ist schuld?“, sag dir einfach: „Ali war's!“
Wenn man dir vorwirft, dass du jetzt auf Nazi machst
Mach dir kein' Kopf, sag dir einfach: „Ali war's!“
Wer verwettet Steuergelder, die du an den Staat bezahlst?
Frag nach bei Tipico, sie sagen dir: „Ali war's!“
Wer ist der, der den Terroristen die Waffen gab?
Deutscher Bundestag entscheidet einstimmig: „Ali war's!“
Wenn du nicht weißt, wem du danken sollst am Vatertag
Frag deine Mutter und sie wird dir sagen: „Ali war's!“
(2x)
In jeder Straße, in jeder Stadt
Wir sind in deiner Nachbarschaft
Jeder von uns ein schwarzes Schaf
Sag einfach: „Ali war's!“

Wer malt auf das Merkel-Wahlplakat ein' Damenbart?
Mach dir kein' Kopf, sag dir einfach: „Ali war's!“
Wer wirkt verdächtig mit dem Bartwuchs eines Talibans
Zeig mit dem Finger auf den Dicken und sag: „Ali war's!“
Wer hat es ohne Vorgeschichte in die Charts geschafft?
Frag nach bei GfK, sie werden sagen: „Ali war's!“
Wegen wem schließt der Dönerladen schon nachmittags?
16 Uhr ausverkauft - jede Wette, Ali war's
Wer durfte damals nie mit auf Klassenfahrt
Aber verdient heute besser als jemand, der Abi hat?
Wer zeigt jedem Rap-Label, wie man Money macht
Doch unterschrieb bei der Firma, die Umsatz macht wie Adidas
Von wem wurd'st du an den Straßen abends angemacht?
Wähl die 110 und sag den Bullen: „Ali war's!“
Wer trinkt seine Cola-Light aus seinem Rakı-Glas
Und fickt die Rapszene ohne Bodyguards? Ali war's!
(2x)
In jeder Straße, in jeder Stadt
Wir sind in deiner Nachbarschaft
Jeder von uns ein schwarzes Schaf
Sag einfach: „Ali war's!“Asylant, Gastarbeit, schwarz, rot, gold, Dankbarkeit
Tausend dumme Fragen jedes Jahr zur Fastenzeit
Fußballspielen, Bambipreis, Rapmusik, Asischeiß
NSU, Sarrazin, Propaganda, Nazizeit
Pünktlich, gründlich, hilfsbereit und pflichtbewusst
Kein Mensch ist illegal, Amnestie, Flüchtlingsschutz
Deutsche reißen Mauern ein, respektieren doch trauen keinem
Bürgersteig muss sauber sein, Taubenstall, Sportverein
Roland Koch, Peter Hartz, Bumerang, Zeitarbeit
Hoffnung ist ein Luxusgut, uns fällt nur das Weinen leicht
Grundgesetz unterschätzt, tut mir Leid
Weiße Westen sind aus Kevlar, Alice Schwartzer hat es gut gemeint
Feierabend, Stammtisch, Wertarbeit bleibt amtlich
Ackern für den Lebenstraum, Reihenhaus und Jägerzaun
TÜV, Hund, Anglerschein, jeder darf hier anders sein
Dreifacher Weltmeister, Europas Geldscheißer
RTL, heile Welt, Casting hier, Casting da
Töten für den Weltfrieden, Georg Klein, Partisan
Klappe zu, Affe tot, schlafen gehen, Schafe zählen
Drei, zwei, eins, Talion, Tagesthemen
(x2)
Unsere Hoffnung und Träume sind made in Germany
Unsere Liebe und Ängste, made in Germany
Mein Mut und mein Wille sind made in Germany
Die Stimme des kleinen Mannes: Hier hört ihr sie

Gleichschritt, keiner rennt, Fahne raus nur bei WMFeige sein, leise sein, Mauer bauen ums Eigenheim
Aldi, Lidl, Penny-Markt, Zähne raus, Pennerbart
Disziplin, Tilidin, Burnout, Herzinfarkt
Boateng, Schumacher, Albert Einstein
BRD, schwarz, rot, gold auf unserer Timeline
Adidas, BMW, deutsche Tugend für das Volk
Jungs wie ich reden mit breiter Brust von deutschem Stolz
Steuern zahlen, wählen gehen, gerne Befehle geben
Exzessiv, depressiv, überall Fehler sehen
Fußball, ficken, fressen, Fachkräftemangel
Fünfzig Jahre ackern und dann Abfälle sammeln
Grundgesetz, Menschenwürde, hilfsbereit, Nächstenliebe
Jeder darf hier sagen was er fühlt und was er denkt
Bildung für jedermann, Glaubensfreiheit bundesweit
Frag den Rest der Welt, unsere Handarbeit ist Nummer eins
Schwuler Rap im Radio, NSU, Gladio
Zahlen für die ganze Welt, Korruption, schwarzes Geld
Haare weiß, alt und bleich, Tattergreis, AbstellgleisBoxerschnitt und Augen rot, Nike Airs, ButterflysAls Einzelkind hatte Wowa es nicht leicht
Einzelgänger sucht nach 'nem Freundeskreis
Erst Pausenhof, dann arbeitslos
Heftige Risikos, alles easy go
Bloß kein Stress, lass dich nicht auf dieses Zeug herab
Probier es, aber irgendwann setzt es ab
Was soll ich sagen, ich bin selbst nicht besser
Ich will dich retten, bevor du reinrennst ins Messer
Wieder scheiß Wetter, wieder nur zu Hause sein
Keine Freunde, rede mit dir selbst allein
Doch warte, was ist mit der Nachbarin
Ihr seid doch in der selben Klasse, lad sie ein, sei der King
Sitzt ein bisschen, erzähl paar Witze
Vielleicht gefällst du ihr und sie nimmt dich mit in die Kiste
Hahaha, nun bist du ein Mann geworden
Schön gefickt, doch kannst du auch für's Kind sorgen?

Bist du bereit für die Mutprobe?
Gehst du rein, kommst du raus, Bruder, mit Kohle?
Was tust du, wenn alles mal zu Ende geht?
Kletter auf die Skyline, denk nicht dran wegzusehen
Bist du bereit für die Mutprobe?
Gehst du rein, kommst du raus, Bruder, mit Kohle?
Was tust du, wenn alles mal zu Ende geht?
Augen zu, dreh dich um, flüster still, zähl bis zehn

Wir zählen jetzt ab fünf runter, sind bei vier
Mutprobe akzeptiert
Versprech' mir nicht, du springst mit mir
Während wir fallen, gehen mir Bilder durch den Kopf
Meine Freunde, der Block, meine Mutter und mein Job
Tzz, ich würd' so vieles gerne anders machen
Änder meine Einstellung und vergess' das Hassen
Sag danke, du undankbarer Schluch
Du hast schon alles hier versucht
Um meinen Weg zu kreuzen, gut
Wowa, wake up - Wowa, geh mal
Mutter sagt, dass du jetzt ein großes Problem hast
So viel Fehler, Haufen Gegner
Zu viele Themas, laber ihn nicht voll mit "Geht was?"
Erwachsen jetzt, doch irgendwas ist anders
Wowa schafft das, Wowa kann das
Und es nimmt ihm seine Platzangst
Aber langsam, Wowa hatte immer Recht
Er tut es, doch bevor er sprang schrieb er den Text

Bist du bereit für die Mutprobe?
Gehst du rein, kommst du raus, Bruder, mit Kohle?
Was tust du, wenn alles mal zu Ende geht?
Kletter auf die Skyline, denk nicht dran wegzusehen
Bist du bereit für die Mutprobe?
Gehst du rein, kommst du raus, Bruder, mit Kohle?
Was tust du, wenn alles mal zu Ende geht?
Augen zu, dreh dich um, flüster still, zähl bis zehnSongtekst van Ariana Grande – "thank u, next" (Vertaling)

Ik dacht dat ik ging eindigen met Sean
Maar hij was geen match
Schreef een paar liedjes over Ricky
Nu luister ik en lach
Was zelfs bijna getrouwd
En voor Pete ben ik zo dankbaar
Wou dat ik "Danku" kon zeggen tegen Malcolm
Want hij was een engel

Eén leerde me liefde
Eén leerde me geduld
En één leerde me pijn
Nou, ik ben zo geweldig
Ik heb liefgehad en verloren
Maar dat is niet wat ik zie
Dus, kijk wat ik heb
Kijk wat je me geleerd hebt
En daarvoor, zeg ik

Danku, volgende (Volgende)
Danku, volgende (Volgende)
Danku, volgende
Ik ben zo fuckin' dankbaar voor mijn ex
Danku, volgende (Volgende)
Danku, volgende (Volgende)
Danku, volgende (Volgende)
Ik ben zo fuckin’-

Spendeer met tijd met mijn vrienden
Ik maak me nergens zorgen over
Plus, ik heb iemand leren kennen
We hebben betere discussies
Ik weet dat ze zeggen dat ik er te snel overheen ben
Maar deze gaat blijven
Want haar naam is Ari
En daar ben ik zo oké mee (Zo oké mee)

Zij leerde me liefde (Liefde)
Zij leerde me geduld (Geduld)
En zij gaat om met de pijn (Pijn)
Die shit is geweldig (Yeah, ze is geweldig)
Ik heb liefgehad en verloren (Yeah, yeah)
Maar dat is niet wat ik zie (Yeah, yeah)
Want kijk wat ik gevonden heb (Yeah, yeah)
Je hoeft niet te zoeken, en daarvoor, zeg ik

Danku, volgende (Danku, volgende)
Danku, volgende (Danku, volgende)
Danku, volgende (Danku)
Ik ben zo fuckin' dankbaar voor mijn ex
Danku, volgende (Danku, volgende)
Danku, volgende (Ik zei danku, volgende)
Danku, volgende (Volgende)
Ik ben zo fuckin' dankbaar voor mijn ex

Danku, volgende
Danku, volgende
Danku, volgende
Ik ben zo fuckin’ -

Ooit zal ik naar het altaar lopen
Hand-in-hand met mijn mama
Ik ga mijn vader dankbaar zijn
Want zij groeide door alle drama
Wil het maar één keer doen, heel graag
Zal die shit laten voortduren
God verhoede dat er iets gebeurt
Dit lied is in ieder geval een smash (Lied is een smash)

Ik heb zo veel liefde (Liefde)
Heb zo veel geduld (Geduld)
Ik heb geleerd van de pijn (Pijn)
Ik ben er geweldig uitgekomen (Geweldig uitgekomen)
Ik heb liefgehad en verloren (Yeah, yeah)
Maar dat is niet wat ik zie (Yeah, yeah)
Kijk gewoon wat ik gevonden heb (Yeah, yeah)
Geen nood voor zoeken
En daarvoor, zeg ik

Danku, volgende (Danku, volgende)
Danku, volgende (Danku, volgende)
Danku, volgende
Ik ben zo fuckin' dankbaar voor mijn ex
Danku, volgende (Danku, volgende)
Danku, volgende (Ik zei danku, volgende)
Danku, volgende (Volgende)
Ik ben zo fuckin' dankbaar voor mijn ex

Danku, volgende
Danku, volgende
Danku, volgende
Yeah, yee
Danku, volgende
Danku, volgende
Danku, volgende
Yeah, yeeVergiss mich
Das hier ist mein Life und kein Business
Kara meine Clique und ihr wisst es
Danke für den Fick, alles Bitches
Yeah, yeah, vergiss mich
Das hier ist mein Life und kein Business
Kara meine Clique und ihr wisst es
Danke für den Fick, alles Bitches
Yeah, yeah, vergiss mich

Keiner war hier da, als ich unten lag
Rede nicht mit dir, ich hab' nicht gefragt
Sehe Schatten nachts um vier
Du gehörst zu mir, aber ich nicht dir
Gucke auf die Zeit, deine Zeit ist um
Labels rufen an, doch ich schalt' auf Stumm
Sie bleibt eine Ho und ihr Ex wird Star
Mein Leben ist 'ne Show, weil das Pech mich jagt

Vergiss mich
Das hier ist mein Life und kein Business
Kara meine Clique und ihr wisst es
Danke für den Fick, alles Bitches
Yeah, yeah, vergiss mich
Das hier ist mein Life und kein Business
Kara meine Clique und ihr wisst es
Danke für den Fick, alles Bitches
Yeah, yeah, vergiss mich

Sex mit drei Hoes an Mitternacht
Dir bleibt nur die Erinnerung und Tränen im Schlaf
Du bist für mich der Grund, dass keiner reden darf
Sie nimmt ihn in den Mund, denn mein Dick schmeckt nach Häagen-Dazs
Du bist nur ein Fick
Seh' den Teufel in ihr'm Blick
Es ist leider schon zu spät
Und ich hoffe, dass du gehst

Vergiss mich
Das hier ist mein Life und kein Business
Kara meine Clique und ihr wisst es
Danke für den Fick, alles Bitches
Yeah, yeah, vergiss mich
Das hier ist mein Life und kein Business
Kara meine Clique und ihr wisst es
Danke für den Fick, alles Bitches
Yeah, yeah, vergiss michI-I-I'm Lil Tay-K, I don't think you want no action (Gang, gang)
You want action, you get turned into past tense (In the past)
Your boys deep? Well, let's get to subtractin' (Pow, pow)
Smith & Wesson made my 9 with some compassion (Skrrt, skrrt)

Fu-fu-fuck a beat, I was tryna beat a case (Gang, gang)
But I ain't beat that case, bitch, I did the race (Skrrt, skrrt)
Beat it up, where I nut? Shorty face (Lil bitch)
Eli blast crackin' 4s like a vase (Gang)
Pop a nigga then I go out my way (Skrrt)
Do the dash then I go out the way
Ro-ro-rob a nigga shoes, rob a nigga lace (Gimme that shit, nigga)
We tryna see a hunnit bands in our face

Pimp gon' be eatin' good noodles every day (Free Pimp)
Bitch, I'm drawin' doodles, Tay-K, paint the way (You're a simp)
Choppa tear your dudies into fish fillet (Lil bitch)
I-I-I woke up too moody, who gon' die today? (Skrrt)
Shoot a fuckboy in his mothafuckin' face (Grrah, grrah)
We-we-we cookin' up, boy, you don't wanna go dat way (Dat way, dat way)
Gotta go dat way, you get robbed for your rackades (Rackades, rackades)
Gotta go dat way, boy, you not gon' be happy (Hahaha)
I-I-I tote 50s, I'm a shooter like Young Pappy (Pew)
Bitch try to rob, we make her dance, Michael Jackson (Skrrt)
We was plottin', y'all was tryna get the pack in (Lil bitch)
Get the pack in, you get robbed for a fraction (Gimme that shit)

I-I-I'm Lil Tay-K, I don't think you want no action
You want action, you get turned into past tense
Your boys deep? Well, let's get to subtractin'
Smith & Wesson made my 9 with subcompaction

Fu-fu-fuck a beat, I was tryna beat a case
But I ain't beat that case, bitch, I did the race (Skrrt, skrrt)
Beat it up, where I nut? Shorty face (Gang, gang)
Eli blast crackin' 4s like a vase
Pop a nigga then I go out my way (Grra, grra)
Do the dash then I go out the way
Ro-ro-rob a nigga shoes, rob a nigga lace (Gimme that shit, nigga)
We tryna see a hunnit bands in our face
Fu-fu-fuck a beat, I was tryna beat a case (Gang, gang)
But I ain't beat that case, bitch, I did the race (Skrrt, skrrt)
Beat it up, where I nut? Shorty face (Lil bitch)
Eli blast crackin' 4s like a vase (Gang)
Pop a nigga then I go out my way (Skrrt)
Do the dash then I go out the way
Ro-ro-rob a nigga shoes, rob a nigga lace (Gimme that shit, nigga)
We tryna see a hunnit bands in our face

See it in my mothafuckin' faceI've never seen a diamond in the flesh
I cut my teeth on wedding rings in the movies
And I'm not proud of my address
In a torn up town, no postcode envy

But every song's like
Gold teeth, Grey Goose, trippin' in the bathroom
Bloodstains, ball gowns, trashin' the hotel room
We don't care; we're driving Cadillacs in our dreams
But everybody's like
Cristal, Maybach, diamonds on your timepiece
Jet planes, islands, tigers on a gold leash
We don't care; we aren't caught up in your love affair

And we'll never be royals (Royals)
It don't run in our blood
That kind of luxe just ain't for us
We crave a different kind of buzz
Let me be your ruler (Ruler)
You can call me queen bee
And baby, I'll rule (I'll rule, I'll rule, I'll rule)
Let me live that fantasy

My friends and I, we've cracked the code
We count our dollars on the train to the party
And everyone who knows us knows
That we're fine with this
We didn't come from money

But every song's like
Gold teeth, Grey Goose, trippin' in the bathroom
Bloodstains, ball gowns, trashin' the hotel room
We don't care; we're driving Cadillacs in our dreams
But everybody's like
Cristal, Maybach, diamonds on your timepiece
Jet planes, islands, tiger's on a gold leash
We don't care; we aren't caught up in your love affair

And we'll never be royals (Royals)
It don't run in our blood
That kind of luxe just ain't for us
We crave a different kind of buzz
Let me be your ruler (Ruler)
You can call me queen bee
And baby, I'll rule (I'll rule, I'll rule, I'll rule)
Let me live that fantasy

(Oh, oh-oh)
We're bigger than we ever dreamed
And I'm in love with being queen
(Oh, oh-oh)
Life is great without a care
We aren't caught up in your love affair

And we'll never be royals (Royals)
It don't run in our blood
That kind of luxe just ain't for us
We crave a different kind of buzz
Let me be your ruler (Ruler)
You can call me queen bee
And baby, I'll rule (I'll rule, I'll rule, I'll rule)
Let me live that fantasyWhat up, world? It's your boy, just one of the guys down here. Well, I could be more specific. Uh, I'm a human, and I just wanted to, you know, for the sake of all of us earthlings out there, just wanted to say:

We love the Earth, it is our planet
We love the Earth, it is our home
We love the Earth, it is our planet
We love the Earth, it is our home

Hi, I'm a baboon
I'm like a man, just less advanced and my anus is huge

Hey, I'm a zebra
No one knows what I do, but I look pretty cool
Am I white or black?

I'm a lion cub, and I'm always getting licked (Meow!)

How's it going? I'm a cow (Moo!)
You drink milk from my tits (Moo)

I'm a fat, fucking pig

I'm a common fungus

I'm a disgruntled skunk, shoot you out my butthole

I'm a marijuana plant, I can get you fucked up

And I'm Kanye West

We love the Earth, it is our planet
We love the Earth, it is our home
We love the Earth, it is our planet
We love the Earth, it is our home
We love the Earth

Ba-dum-ba-dum-dum, ba-dum-da-di
We are the vultures, feed on the dead

We're just some rhinos, horny as heck

I'm just a giraffe, what's with this neck?

Hippity-hop, I'm a kangaroo
I hop all day, up and down with you

I'm an elephant, I got junk in my trunk

What the fuck? I'm a clam!

I'm a wolf. Howl!

I'm a squirrel, lookin' for my next nut

And I'm a pony, just a freak horse, heh-heh-heh
But, uh, c'mon, get on (Get on, yah!)
Giddy up, let's ride

I'm HPV, don't let me in

I'm a koala and I sleep all the time
So what? It's cute

We love you, India

We love you, Africa

We love the Chinese

We forgive you, Germany

Earth, it is our planet (It's our planet)
We love the Earth (We love the Earth), it is our home (Home)
We love the Earth, it is our planet (It is our planet)
We love the Earth, it is our home
We love the Earth

I'm a man (Hello?)
Can you hear me? (Anyone out there? Hello?)
I've trudged the Earth for so damn long
And still don't know shit (What's going on?)
I hope it's not a simulation (Huh)
Give each other names like Ahmed and Pedro
And, yeah, we like to wear clothes, girls still look beautiful
And it covers up our human dick (Woo), eat a lot of tuna fish
But these days, it's like we don't know how to act
All these shootings, pollution, we under attack on ourselves
Like, let's all just chill (Hey), respect what we built (Hey)
Like look at the internet! It's cracking as hell
Fellas, don't you love to cum when you have sex? (Ayy)
And I heard women orgasms are better than a dick's (Uh)
So what we got this land for? What we gotta stand for?
Love, and we love the Earth (The Earth)

Oh, yeah, baby, I love the Earth
I love this planet

Hey, Russia, we're cool
Hey, Asia, all of you, c'mon
Every one of you from the plains to the Sahara
Let's come together and live

Hum-dum-dum-dae-dum, hum-dum-dum-dae-dum

우-우-우리는 지구를 사랑해요

Amamos la tierra

我们爱地球

(We love you, we love you)
C'mon everybody, I know we're not all the same
But we're living on the same Earth
(We love you, we love you)
Have you ever been to Earth?
Everyone who is listening has been to Earth, Ariana
(We love you, we love you)
We're not making music for aliens here
Are we gonna die?
You know what, Bieber? We might die
(We love you, we love you)
I'm not going to lie to you
I mean, there's so many people out here who don't think global warming's a real thing. You know? We gotta save this planet. We're being stupid
Unless we get our shit together nowHahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha, Feel Good
Sha, sha-ba-sha ka, sha-ba-, Feel Good
Sha, sha-ba-da, sha-ba-da, Feel Good
Sha, sha-ba-da, sha-ba-da, Feel Good
Sha, sha-ba-da, sha-ba-da, Feel Good
Sha, sha-ba-da, sha-ba-da, Feel Good
Sha, sha-ba-da, sha-ba-da, Feel Good
(Change) Sha, sha-(Change) ba-da (Change), sha-ba-da (Change)
(Change) Sha, sha-(Change) ba-da (Change), sha-ba-da (Change)

City's breaking down on a camel's back
They'll just have to go, 'cause they don't know wack
So all you fill the streets, it's appealing to see
You won't get undercounted 'cause you're damned and free
You got a new horizon, it's ephemeral style
A melancholy town where we never smile
And all I wanna hear is the message beep
My dreams, they come a kissin' 'cause I don't get sleep, no
*Beep*

Windmill, windmill for the land
Turn forever hand in hand
Take it all there on your stride
It is aching, falling down
Love forever, love is free
Let’s turn forever, you and me
Windmill, windmill for the land
Is everybody in?

Laughin' gas these hazmats, fast cats
Linin' 'em up like ass cracks
Lay these ponies at the track
It's my chocolate attack
Shit, I'm steppin' in hotter this year (Yeah)
Care Bear reppin' it harder this year (Yeah)
Watch me as I gravitate, ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Yo, we gon' ghost town this Motown
With yo' sound, you in the blink
Gon' bite the dust, can't fight with us
With yo sound, you kill the Inc. 
So don't stop, get it, get it (Get it)
Until you jet ahead
And watch the way I navigate, hahahahaha
(Ha! Haha! Haha! Haha! Ha!)

Sha, sha-ba-da, sha-ba-da, Feel Good
Sha, sha-ba-da, sha-ba-da, Feel Good
Sha, sha-ba-da, sha-ba-da, Feel Good
Sha, sha-ba-da, sha-ba-da, Feel Good

Windmill, windmill for the land
Turn forever hand in hand
Take it all in on your stride
It is sinking, falling down
Love forever, love is free
Let's turn forever, you and me
Windmill, windmill for the land
Is everybody in?

Don't stop, get it, get it (Sha, sha-ba-da, sha-ba-da)
Peep how your captain's in it (Feel Good)
Steady, watch me navigate, ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! (Sha, sha-ba-da, sha-ba-da, Feel Good)
Don't stop, get it, get it (Sha, sha-ba-da, sha-ba-da)
Peep how your captain's in it (Feel Good)
Steady, watch me navigate, ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! (Sha, sha-ba-da, sha-ba-da, Feel Good)
Sha, sha-ba-da, sha-ba-da, Feel Good (Hahaha!)
Sha, sha-ba-da, sha-ba-da, Feel Good (Hahaha!)
Sha, sha-ba-da, sha-ba-da, Feel Good (Hahaha!)
Sha, sha-ba-da, sha-ba-da, Feel Good (Hahahahahaha!)Every nigga is a star, ayy, every nigga is a star
Every nigga is a star, ayy, every nigga is a star
Every nigga is a star, ayy
Who will deny that you and I and every nigga is a star?

Hit me!
When the four corners of this cocoon collide
You’ll slip through the cracks hopin' that you’ll survive
Gather your wit, take a deep look inside
Are you really who they idolize?
To pimp a butterfly

At first, I did love you
But now I just wanna fuck
Late nights thinkin' of you
Until I get my nut
Tossed and turned, lesson learned
You was my first girlfriend
Bridges burned, all across the board
Destroyed, but what for?

When I get signed, homie, I'ma act a fool
Hit the dance floor, strobe lights in the room
Snatch your little secretary bitch for the homies
Blue-eyed devil with a fat-ass monkey
I'ma buy a brand new Caddy on vogues
Chunk the hood up, two times, deuce-four
Platinum on everythin', platinum on weddin' ring
Married to the game and a bad bitch chose
When I get signed, homie, I'ma buy a strap
Straight from the CIA, set it on my lap
Take a few M-16s to the hood
Pass 'em all out on the block, what's good?
I'ma put the Compton swap meet by the White House
Republican run up, get socked out
Hit the press with a Cuban link on my neck
Uneducated, but I got a million-dollar check like that

We should never gave
We should never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home
We should never gave
We should never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home
(Everybody get out)

At first, I did love you (Love you)
But now I just wanna fuck (I just wanna fuck)
Late nights thinkin' of you (Of you)
Until I get my nut ('Til I get my nut)
Tossed and turned, lesson learned
You was my first girlfriend
Bridges burned, all across the board (Across the board)
Destroyed, but what for?

Yo, what's up? It's Dre
Remember the first time you came out to the house?
You said you wanted a spot like mine
But remember, anybody can get it
The hard part is keepin' it, motherfucker

What you want you? A house or a car?
Forty acres and a mule, a piano, a guitar?
Anythin', see, my name is Uncle Sam, I'm your dog
Motherfucker, you can live at the mall
I know your kind (That's why I'm kind)
Don't have receipts (Oh, man, that's fine)
Pay me later, wear those gators
Cliché? Then say, "Fuck your haters"
I can see the baller in you, I can see the dollar in you
Little white lies, but it's no white-collar in you
But it's whatever though because I'm still followin' you
Because you make me live forever, baby
Count it all together, baby
Then hit the register and make me feel better, baby
Your horoscope is a gemini, two sides
So you better cop everything two times
Two coupes, two chains, two C-notes
Too much ain't enough, both we know
Christmas, tell 'em what's on your wish list
Get it all, you deserve it, Kendrick
And when you hit the White House, do you
But remember, you ain't pass economics in school
And everything you buy, taxes will deny
I'll Wesley Snipe your ass before thirty-five

Yeah, lookin' down, it's quite a drop (It's quite a drop, drop, drop)
Lookin' good when you're on top (When you're on top, you got it)
You got a medal for us
Leavin' metaphors metaphysically in a state of euphoria
Look both ways before you cross my mind

We should never gave
We should never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home
We should never gave
We should never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home

Tax man comin', tax man comin'
Tax man comin', tax man comin'
Tax man comin', tax man comin'
Tax man comin', tax man comin'Man, we gotta go get somethin' to eat
Man, I'm hungry as a motherfucker
Ayo man, damn
What's takin' homie so long, son?
50, calm down, he coming
(*nine gunshots*)
Ahh, ohh! What the fuck?!
Ah, son, pull off, pull off

Many men wish death upon me
Blood in my eye, dawg, and I can't see
I'm tryin' to be what I'm destined to be
And niggas tryin' to take my life away (C'mon)
I put a hole in a nigga for fuckin' with me
My back on the wall, now you gon' see
Better watch how you talk when you talk about me
‘Cause I'll come and take your life away

Many men
Many, many, many, many men
Wish death 'pon me
Lord, I don't cry no more
Don't look to the sky no more
Have mercy on me

Now man, these pussy niggas puttin' money on my head
Go on and get your refund, motherfucker, I ain't dead
I'm the diamond in the dirt that ain't been found
I'm the underground king, and I ain't been crowned
When I rhyme, somethin' special happened every time
I'm the greatest, somethin' like Ali in his prime
I walk the block with the bundles
I've been knocked on the humble
Swing the ox when I rumble, show your ass what my gun do
Got a temper, nigga, go 'head, lose your head
Turn your back on me, get clapped and lose your legs
I walk around, gun on my waist, chip on my shoulder
Till I bust a clip in your face, pussy, this beef ain't over

Many men
Many, many, many, many men
Wish death 'pon me
Lord, I don't cry no more
Don't look to the sky no more
Have mercy on me
Have mercy on my soul
Somewhere my heart turned cold
Have mercy on many men
Many, many, many, many men
Wish death 'pon me

Sunny days wouldn't be special if it wasn't for rain
Joy wouldn't feel so good if it wasn't for pain
Death gotta be easy, ‘cause life is hard
It'll leave you physically, mentally, and emotionally scarred
This is for my niggas on the block twistin' trees in cigars
For the niggas on lock doin' life behind bars
I don't say "Only God can judge me," ‘cause I see things clear
Crooked-ass crackers will give my black-ass a hundred years
I'm like Paulie in Goodfellas, you can call me the Don
Like Malcolm by any means with my gun in my palm
Slim switched sides on me, let niggas ride on me
I thought we was cool, why you want me to die, homie?

Many men
Many, many, many, many men
Wish death 'pon me
Lord, I don't cry no more
Don't look to the sky no more
Have mercy on me
Have mercy on my soul
Somewhere my heart turned cold
Have mercy on many men
Many, many, many, many men
Wish death 'pon me

Every night I talk to God, but he don't say nothin' back
I know he protectin' me, but I still stay with my gat
In my nightmares, niggas keep pullin' TECs on me
Psychic says some bitch done put a hex on me
The feds didn't know much when 'Pac got shot
I got a kite from the pens that told me Tut got knocked
I ain't gon' spell it out for you mu'fuckas all the time
Are you illiterate, nigga? You can't read between the lines?
In the Bible, it says what goes around, comes around
"Hommo" shot me, three weeks later he got shot down
Now it's clear that I'm here for a real reason
‘Cause he got hit like I got hit, but he ain't fuckin' breathin'

Many men
Many, many, many, many men
Wish death 'pon me
Lord, I don't cry no more
Don't look to the sky no more
Have mercy on me
Have mercy on my soul
Somewhere my heart turned cold
Have mercy on many men
Many, many, many, many men
Wish death 'pon meI wanna hit line drives…
Wanna lose weight and keep eating…
For you…
Hey, whats up doc?

Now I was raised in a sandbox, next to you and her
You was holding the handgun, she was giving birth
To a baby boy to be just like you, I-I wonder what's that worth
I-I wonder if you ever knew that you was a role model to me first
The next day I-I woke up in the morning, seen you on the news
Looked in the mirror, then realized that I-I-I had something to prove
You told me, "Don't be like me, just finish watching cartoons"
Which is funny now cause all I see is Wile E. Coyotes in the room

And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
And I run it (Yeah! Blow!)
And I run it (Yeah! Blow!)
That's ironic (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
Ironic (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
That's ironic (Y-Yeah!  Blow!)
Ironic (Yeah! Blow! Yeah!)
Salt all in my wounds
Hear my tears all in my tunes
Let my life loose in this booth
Just for you, mothafucka, hope y'all amused
And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
And I run it (Y-Yeah! Blow!)
And I run it (Yeah! Blow!)
That's ironic

Liberation… Leader…
Popular pie plant pictured here…
Wile E. Coyote! Wile E. Coyote!

This shit make a nigga just wanna write
Reminisce when I had the morning appetite
Apple Jacks and after that I hit the TV Guide
Animaniac the only thing that gave me peace of mind
I’m a maniac when aiming at the enemy that lied
Tell a story that I'll never grow to 25
Not to worry, every warrior will come and see euphoria
And that's a covenant I put on every tribe
Ain't nobody gon' tie your shoe
Nobody gon' abide by your rule
Nobody holding your gun
How come your tongue say, "killa" then kill my mood
Light speed living in the world you know
Little old me, feeling like a live wire
Bet I put some new tires on a lightning bolt
'Til I wreck into a pole, like a right to vote
I'm from the bottom of the jungle
Living in the bottom of the food chain
When you get a new chain, nigga take it from you
A new name, want stripes, and you a zebra look-alike
Hope another homicide don't numb you a nun do
Things we will never learn soon
In the era where we wanna earn soon
That's a error, you can smell it in the air
And everybody really doomed
That's why I'm backdooring you motherfuckas
All y'all can suck my dick
All them days at the county building
I'm 'bout to make my mama rich
Cartoons and (Cereal!) I ain't felt this (Good since!)
Scrooge McDuck (Here we go!), elementary hood shit

Now I was raised in a sandbox, next to you and her
You was holding the handgun, she was giving birth
To a baby boy to be just like you, I wonder what's that worth
I-I wonder if you ever knew that you was a role model to me first
The next day I-I woke up in the morning, seen you on the news
Looked in the mirror, then realized that I-I-I had something to prove
You told me, "Don't be like me, just finish watching cartoons"
Which is funny now cause all I see is Wile E. Coyotes in the room

And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
And I run it (Yeah! Blow!)
And I run it (Yeah! Blow!)
That's ironic (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
Ironic (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
That's ironic (Y-Yeah!  Blow!)
Ironic (Yeah! Blow! Yeah!)
Salt all in my wounds
Hear my tears all in my tunes
Let my life loose in this booth
Just for you, mothafucka, hope y'all amused
And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
And I run it (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
And I run it (Y-Yeah! Blow!)
And I run it (Yeah! Blow!)
That's ironic

This shit make a nigga just wanna shit on everybody
Even with a pot to piss in
I'ma aim sloppy at a loud mouth, discharge
Dismiss any business of yours
Discounts never did amount to a check
That ya ass couldn't cash when the shit bounce
Everything dismounts, niggas gon' flip that car
AKs for the whole hood
House lick went down perfect
Two shots to the head he deserved it
I overheard it hit my bed with a bowl and remote control
Dark Wing Duck lost service
Mama said I'd better duck, she's nervous
Drama all up in the cut, hit the curtains
I mean don't intervene with no gun machine
This block stay jerking, the feds stay lurkin'
Emerging on everbody corner (Dash for it)
Get a toe tag when you play tag
With a task of a new (Task force)
Everybody wanna know my life
How did I make it (Past yours)
Well let me tell you like this
I've been running this shit since I (Asked for)
Cartoons and cereal

Now I was raised in a sandbox, next to you and her
You was holding the handgun, she was giving birth
To a baby boy to be just like you, I wonder what's that worth
I-I wonder if you ever knew that you was a role model to me first
The next day I-I woke up in the morning, seen you on the news
Looked in the mirror, then realized that I-I-I had something to prove
You told me, "Don't be like me, just finish watching cartoons"
Which is funny now cause all I see is Wile E. Coyotes in the room
And I run it

Salt all in my wounds
Hear my tears all in my tunes
Let my life loose in this booth, just for you
Muhfucka, hope y'all amused!
I did wrong, karma came
Crackers gave me ball and chain
Friends, enemies all the same
State, fed, both can hang
Nobody can't mute me
But I never said nobody can't shoot me
Just another stat to the white folks
Still whip work to the white yolk, absolutely!
Everyday feel like the one before
Hunt the money, don't hunt the ho
If you do what you always done
Then you get what you always got
You dumb buffoons!
I ain't seen the back of my eyelids
For about the past 72 hours
Hand on my heart, face to the hood
I pledge every word you ever heard was honest
Yeah, this me, no mic
No cameras, no lights, just pain
Mama, how much trauma can I sustain?
Dirty money come with lots of stains
Road to riches come with lots of lanes
Just another player with lots of game
Never had shit, got lots to gain…

Just another player with lots of game
Never had shit, got lots to gain
(To be continued)Well, you done done me, and you bet I felt it
I tried to be chill, but you're so hot that I melted
I fell right through the cracks
And now I'm trying to get back
Before the cool done run out
I'll be giving it my bestest
And nothing's gonna stop me but divine intervention
I reckon it's again my turn
To win some or learn some

But I won't hesitate no more
No more it cannot wait, I'm yours
Hmm (Hey, hey)

Well, open up your mind and see like me
Open up your plans and, damn, you're free
And look into your heart, and you'll find love, love, love, love
Listen to the music of the moment, people dance and sing
We're just one big family
And it's our God-forsaken right to be loved, love, love, love, loved

So I won't hesitate no more
No more it cannot wait, I'm sure

There's no need to complicate
Our time is short
This is our fate, I'm yours
A-do you, do, do, do you, but do you, do you, do, do, but do you want to come on?
Scooch on over closer, dear
And I will nibble your ear
A-soo da ba ba ba ba bum
Whoa, oh oh oh
Whoa, oh oh oh oh whoa whoa whoa
Uh-huh, hmm

I've been spending way too long checking my tongue in the mirror
And bending over backwards just to try to see it clearer
But my breath fogged up the glass
And so I drew a new face and I laughed
I guess what I've been saying is there ain't no better reason
To rid yourself of vanities and just go with the seasons
It's what we aim to do
Our name is our virtue

But I won't hesitate no more
No more it cannot wait, I'm yours

Well, open up your mind and see like me (I won't hesitate)
Open up your plans and, damn, you're free (No more, no more)
And look into your heart, and you'll find that (It cannot wait)
The sky is yours (I'm sure there's no)
So please don't, please don't, please don't (No need, oh, now now)
There's no need to complicate (For the reggae, our time)
'Cause our time is short (Is short, this)
This oh, this oh, this is our fate (Is our fate)
I'm yours, ha!

Brr da ba mmm da ba bo mmm day
Na ch doo, doo ch doo, doo ch doo doo mmm doo doo
(Hey, hey) Oh, I'm yours, oh-oh, I'm yours
Oh-oh-oh-oh, whoa-oh-oh-oh
Baby, do you believe I'm yours?
You best believe, you best believe I'm yours, hmmShut the fuck up
You're a fucking cunt
Shut the fuck up
You're a stupid cunt, suck my dick
Shut the fuck up
Stop being a fucking cunt
Shut the fuck up
Nobody even wants you here

(Shut the fuck up)
(Shut the fuck up)
Uh (Shut the fuck up)
Yeah (Shut the fuck up)
What? (Shut the fuck up)
Haha (Shut the fuck up)
Yeah (Shut the fuck up)
(Shut the fuck up)

I just wanna let you know, you're a stupid fucking cunt
(Shut the fuck up)
Go ahead and run your mouth, pussy, I don't give a fuck
(Shut the fuck up)
You're a stupid piece of shit, you're a stupid fucking bitch
(Shut the fuck up)
Get the fuck up off my dick, get the fuck up off my dick, like
(Shut the fuck up)
Please end your fucking life, please end your fucking life
I really gotta emphasize, no one cares if you're alive
You're a fucking penis-hole, grab a dick and eat it whole
I need to know if you were dropped when you were just a fetus though
(Shut the fuck up)
You're so fucking ugly and your face is fucking foul, jeez
(Shut the fuck up)
You're so fucking loud, can you shut your fucking mouth, can you

Shut the fuck up
You're a fucking cunt
Shut the fuck up
You're a stupid cunt, suck my dick
Shut the fuck up
Stop being a fucking cunt
Shut the fuck up
Nobody even wants you here, yo

Close your fucking mouth, you're just really fucking dense
(Shut the fuck up)
If you hate me, why you talking?
(Shut the fuck up)
You don't make no fucking sense
(Shut the fuck up)
Got a sad life, sad life, go to fucking hell
(Shut the fuck up)
Are you stupid or disabled? Man, I can't fucking tell (Meh)
(Shut the fuck up)
You're a fucking dumb shit
(Shut the fuck up)
You don't even run shit
(Shut the fuck up)
Get the fuck up out my face and go to hell and eat a dick
(Shut the fuck up)
Come and catch these hands, boy
(Shut the fuck up)
Come and match these bands, boy
(Shut the fuck up)
I'm not crazy, I just do it all because I can, boy
(Shut the fuck up)
I hope you fucking die in a high-speed car crash
I hope you fucking fall head-first and get your neck cracked
I hope you have some beautiful children that die from cancer
I hope you catch Zika when your wife gets pregnant
(Shut the fuck up)
I hope you win the lottery and die the next day
(Shut the fuck up)
And your daughter has to see you getting lowered in your grave

(Like, ooh, uh-that was a little dark)
(I'm sorry)
(Tha-that was a little dark)
(Very poor taste)
Shut the fuck up
(I shouldn't have said that)
You're a fucking cunt
(Actually, no, I should've)
Shut the fuck up
(Actually, I didn't say enough)
You're a stupid cunt, suck my dick
Shut the fuck up
Stop being a fucking cunt
Shut the fuck up
Nobody even wants you hereShoot me
Shoot me
Shoot me
Shoot me

Here come old flat-top, he come groovin' up slowly
He got ju-ju eyeball, he one holy roller
He got hair down to his knee
Got to be a joker, he just do what he please

Shoot me
Shoot me
Shoot me
Shoot me

He wear no shoeshine, he got toe-jam football
He got monkey finger, he shoot Coca-Cola
He say, "I know you, you know me"
One thing I can tell you is you got to be free

Come together, right now
Over me

Shoot me
Shoot me
Shoot me
Shoot me
Verse 3
He bag production, he got walrus gumboot
He got Ono sideboard, he one spinal cracker
He got feet down below his knee
Hold you in his armchair, you can feel his disease

Come together, right now
Over me

Shoot me
Shoot me
Right!

Come, come, come, come

He roller-coaster, he got early warnin'
He got muddy water, he one mojo filter
He say, "One and one and one is three."
Got to be good-lookin' 'cause he's so hard to see

Come together, right now
Over me

Shoot me
Shoot me
Shoot me
Shoot me
Ugh!

Come together, yeah
Come together, yeah
Come together, yeah
Come together, yeah
Come together, yeah
Come together, yeah
Come together, yeah
Uh...
Come together, yeah
Come together, yeah
Come together...Aw, look at daddy's baby girl
That's daddy's baby, little sleepy head
Yesterday I changed your diaper
Wiped you and powdered you
How did you get so big?
Can't believe it, now you're two
Baby, you're so precious, daddy's so proud of you
Sit down, bitch! You move again, I'll beat the shit out of you! (Okay!)

Don't make me wake this baby!
She don't need to see what I'm 'bout to do!
Quit crying, bitch! Why do you always make me shout at you?!
How could you just leave me and love him out the blue?!
Oh, what's the matter, Kim? Am I too loud for you?
Too bad, bitch! You're gonna finally hear me out this time!
At first I'm like, "Aight, you wanna throw me out, that's fine!"
But not for him to take my place, are you out your mind?!
This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine!
How could you let him sleep in our bed?! Look it, Kim!
Look at your husband now! (No!) I said look at him!
He ain't so hot now, is he?
Little punk!
(Why are you doing this?!) Shut the fuck up! (You're drunk!)
(You're never gonna get away with this!) You think I give a fuck?!
C'mon! We're going for a ride, bitch! (No!) Sit up front!
(We can't just leave Hailie alone, what if she wakes up?)
We'll be right back — well, I will, you'll be in the trunk

So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

You really fucked me, Kim, you really did a number on me!
Never knew me cheating on you would come back to haunt me
But we was kids then, Kim, I was only eighteen
That was years ago, I thought we wiped the slate clean
That's fucked up! (I love you!) Oh God, my brain is racin'
(I love you!) What are you doing? Change the station!
I hate this song! Does this look like a big joke? (No!)
There's a -year-old little 
Laying dead with a slit throat in your living room!
Ha-ha! What, you think I'm kiddin' you?!
You loved him, didn't you? (No!)
Bullshit, you bitch! Don't fucking lie to me!
What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me?
Fuck you, asshole! Yeah, bite me!
Kim? Kim! Why don't you like me?
You think I'm ugly, don'tchu? (It's not that!) No, you think I'm ugly
(Baby!) Get the fuck away from me! Don't touch me!
I hate you! I hate you! I swear to God, I hate you!
Oh my God, I love you! How the fuck could you do this to me?!
(I'm sorry!) How the fuck could you do this to me?!

So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you

Come on, get out! (I can't! I'm scared!)
I said get out, bitch! (Let go of my hair! Please don't do this, baby! Please! I love you! Look, we can just take Hailie and leave!)
Fuck you!
You did this to us! You did it! It's your fault!
"Oh my God, I'm crackin' up" Get a grip, Marshall!
Hey, remember the time we went to Brian's party
And you were, like, so drunk that you threw up all over Archie?
That was funny, wasn't it? (Yes)
That was funny, wasn't it?! (Yes!)
See, it all makes sense, doesn't it?
You and your husband have a fight, one of you tries to grab a knife
And during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced (No!)
And while this is going on, his son just woke up
And he walks in, she panics, and he gets his throat cut
(Oh my God!)  So now they both dead
And you slash your own throat
So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note
I shoulda known better when you started to act weird
We coulda— hey, where you going? Get back here!
You can't run from me, Kim! It's just us, nobody else
You're only making this harder on yourself!
Ha-ha, gotcha! Go ahead, yell!
Here, I'll scream with you, "Ah! Somebody help!"
Don't you get it, bitch? No one can hear you!
Now shut the fuck up, and get what's comin' to you!
You were supposed to love me!
Now bleed, bitch, bleed! Bleed, bitch, bleed! Bleed!

So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without youI speak of promised lands
Soil as soft as mama's hands
Running water, standing still
Endless fields of daffodils and chamomile
Rice under black beans
Walked into Apple with cracked screens
And told prophetic stories of freedom
Found warmth in a Black queen for when I get cold
Like Nat King, I'm doing the dad thing
I speak of wondrous unfamiliar lessons from childhood
Make you remember how to smile good
I'm pre-currency, post-language, anti-label
Pro-famous, I'm Broadway Joe Namath
Kanye's best prodigy
He ain't signed me but he proud of me
I got some ideas that you gotta see
Make a vid with shawty and they ship it like the Odyssey
They never seen a rapper practice modesty
I never practice, I only perform
I don't even warn, I don't eat it warm, I won't be reborn
I speak to God in public, I speak to God in public
He keep my rhymes in couplets
He think the new shit jam, I think we mutual fans
I used to dance to Michael, I used to dance in high school
I used to pass out music, I still pass out music
The people's champ must be everything the people can't be
I'm getting artsy-fartsy, house full of some Hebru Brantleys
You must’ve missed the come up, I must be all I can be
Call me Mister Mufasa, I had to master stampedes

I made it through, made it through, made it through
And everything I gave to you, I gave to you, I gave to you
You got it, you got it, you got it, it's coming (Coming, coming, coming)
So are you ready?
Are you ready?

Are you ready for your blessings?
Are you ready for your miracle?
Are you ready for your blessings?
Are you ready for your miracle?
Are you ready for your blessings?
Are you ready for your miracle?
Are you ready for your blessings?
Are you ready for your miracle?
Are you ready for your blessings?
Are you ready for your miracle?
Are you ready for your blessings?
Are you ready for your miracle?
Are you ready for your blessings?
Are you ready for your miracle?
Are you ready, are you ready?
Are you ready for your blessings?
Are you ready for your miracle?
Are you ready for your blessings?
Are you ready for your miracle?
Are you ready for your blessings?
Are you ready for your miracle?
Are you ready for your blessings?
Are you ready for your miracle?
Are you ready for your blessings?
Are you ready for your miracle?
(You ready big fella?)Niggas be thinkin' I'm deep, intelligent, fooled by my college degree
My IQ is average, there's a young lady out there, she way smarter than me
I scrolled through her timeline in these wild times, and I started to read
She mad at these crackers, she mad at these capitalists, mad at these murder police
She mad at my niggas, she mad at our ignorance, she wear her heart on her sleeve
She mad at the celebrities, lowkey I be thinkin' she talkin' 'bout me
Now I ain't no dummy to think I'm above criticism
So when I see something that's valid, I listen
But shit, it's something about the queen tone that's botherin' me
She strike me as somebody blessed enough to grow up in conscious environment
With parents that know 'bout the struggle for liberation and in turn they provide her with
A perspective and awareness of the system and unfairness that afflicts 'em
And the clearest understandin' of what we gotta do to get free
And the frustration that fills her words seems to come from the fact that most people don't see
Just 'cause you woke and I'm not, that shit ain't no reason to talk like you better than me
How you gon' lead, when you attackin' the very same niggas that really do need the shit that you sayin'?
Instead of conveyin' you holier, come help us get up to speed
Shit, it's a reason it took like two hundred years for our ancestors just to get freed
These shackles be lockin' the mental way more than the physical
I look at freedom like trees, can't grow a forest like overnight
Hit the ghetto and slowly start plantin' your seeds
Fuck is the point of you preaching your message to those that already believe what you believe?
I'm on some "Fuck a retweet," most people is sheep
You got all the answers but how you gon' reach?
If I could make one more suggestion respectfully
I would say it's more effective to treat people like children
Understandin' the time and love and patience that's needed to grow
This change is inevitable, but ain't none of us seen this before
Therefore, we just gotta learn everything as we go
I struggle with thoughts on the daily
Feel like a slave that somehow done saved enough coins to buy his way up outta slavery
Thinkin' just maybe, in my pursuit to make life so much better for me and my babies
I done betrayed the very same people that look at me like I'm some kind of a hero
Because of the zeros that's next to the commas
But look here, I promise I'm not who you think
Ran into this nigga outside of the store yesterday
He said something that had me like, "Wait"
He was like, "Cole, 'preciate what you been doin', my nigga, that's real"
But damn, why I feel faker than Snow on tha Bluff?
Well, maybe 'cause deep down I know I ain't doin' enough

The sun is shinin' today
The sun is shinin' today
The sun is shinin' today

Can you walk with me?
I hope we'll find the reason why we often sob, go on, cry
Painful memories fuck up the vibe
Though I be tryin' to let the time heal my mind
I was once a child, I've gotten older
Still, I know I'm just a boy in God's eyes
Fill me up with wisdom and some courage
Plus endurance to survive, help mine thriveI own a mansion but live in a house
A king-size bed but I sleep on the couch
I'm Mr. Brightside, glass is half-full
But my tank's half empty, gasket just blew

This always happens
Thirty minutes from home, gotta lay a log cabin
Only option I have's McDonalds's bathroom
In a public stall, droppin' a football
So every time someone walks in the john, I get maddened
"Shady, what up?" What? Come on, man, I'm crappin'
And you're askin' for my goddamn autograph on a napkin?
Oh, that's odd, I just happened
To run out of tissue, yeah, hand me that
On second thought I'd be glad then
"Thanks, dawg! Name's Todd, a big fan."
I wiped my ass with it
Crumbled it up in a wad and threw it back and
Told him: "Todd, you're the shit," when's all of this crap end?
Can't pump my gas without causing an accident
Pump my gas, cut my grass, I can't take out the fuckin' trash
Without someone passin' through my sub, harassin'
I'd count my blessings, but I suck at math
I'd rather wallow than bask sufferin' succotash
But the ant-acid, it gives my stomach gas
When I mix my corn with my fuckin' mashed
Potatoes, so what? Ho, kiss my country bumpkin ass!
Missouri Southern roots, what the fuck is upper class?
Call lunch dinner, call dinner supper
Tupperware in the cupboard, plasticware up the ass
Stuck in the past—iPod, what the fuck is that?
B-Boy to the core, mule, I'm a stubborn ass

Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all, but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me goin'
This is the inspiration I need
I can never turn my back on the city that made me
And (life's been good to me so far)

They call me classless, I heard that, I second and third that
Don't know what the fuck I'd be doin' if it weren't rap
Probably be a giant turd sack
But I blew, never turned back
Turned 40 and still sag—teenagers act more fuckin' mature, Jack
Fuck you gonna say to me? I leave on my own terms, asshole
I'm goin' berzerk, my nerves are bad
But I love the perks my work has
I get to meet famous people, look at her dag
Her nylons are ran, her skirt's snagged
And I heard she drag-races, *burp* swag
Tuck in my Hanes shirt tag
You're Danica Patrick (Yeah?) word, skag
We'd be the perfect match
'Cause you're a vacuum, I'm a dirtbag
My apologies, no disrespect to technology
But what the heck is all of these buttons?
You expect me to sit here and learn that?
Fuck I gotta do to hear this new song from Luda?
Be an expert at computers?
I'd rather be an Encyclopedia Britannica, hell with
PlayStation, I'm still on my first man on some Zelda
Nintendo, bitch! Run, jump, punch, stab, and I melt the
Mozzarella on my spaghetti
Put in on bread, make a sandwich with Welch's, and belch
They say this spray butter is bad for my health, but
I think this poor white trash from the trailer
Jed Clampett, Fred Sanford, and welfare
Mentality helps to keep me grounded
That's why I never take full advantage of wealth, I
Managed to dwell within these parameters
Still crammin' the shelves full of Hamburger Helper
I can't even help it, this is the hand I was dealt, a
Creature of habit, feel like I'm trapped in an animal shelter
With all these pet peeves, goddamn it, to hell, I
Can't stand all these kids with their camera cellphones
I can't go anywhere, I get so mad I could yell, the
Other day, someone got all elaborate
And stuck a head from a fuckin' dead cat in my mailbox
Went to Burger King—they spit on my onion rings
I think my karma is catchin' up with me

Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all, but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me goin'
This is the inspiration I need
I can never turn my back on the city that made me
And (life's been good to me so far)

Got friends on Facebook all over the world
Not sure what that means, they tell me it's good
So, I'm artist of the decade, I even got a plaque
I'd hang it up, but the frame is all cracked

I'm tryin' to be low-key, hopefully nobody notices me
In produce, hunched over, giant nosebleed
Ogre style as I mosey over to the frozen aisle
By the frozen yogurt this guy approached me
Embarrassed, I just did Comerica with Hova
The show's over, I'm hidin' in Kroger, buyin' groceries
He just had front-row seats
Told me to sign this poster, then insults me
"Wow! Up close didn't know you had crow's feet!"
I'm in the crossroads, lost, still shoppin' at Costco's
Sloppy Joe's, bulk waffles
Got caught picking my nose (agh!)
Look over, see these two hot hoes
Finger still up one of my nostrils
Right next to 'em, stuck at the light, the fuckin' shit's
Takin' forever to change, it's stuck, these bitches are lovin' it
Rubbin' it in, chucklin', couldn't do nothin'
Play it off, "What you bumpin'?"
"Trunk Muzik, Yelawolf's better," fuckin' bitch!
They want me to flip at the label, but I won't succumb to it
The pressure, they want me to follow up with
Another one, after Recovery was so highly coveted
But what good is a fuckin' recovery if I fumble it?
'Cause I'ma drop the ball if I don't get a grip
Hoppin' out shrubbery on you sons of bitches
Wrong subdivision to fuck with, bitch
Quit snappin' fuckin' pictures of my kids
I love my city, but you pushed me to the limit—what a pity!
The shit I complain about
It's like there ain't a cloud in the sky and it's rainin' out
Kool-Aid stain on the couch, I'll never get it out
But bitch, I got an elevator in my house
Ants and a mouse—I'm livin' the dream!

Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all, but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me goin'
This is the inspiration I need
I can never turn my back on the city that made me
And (life's been good to me so far)This night is cold in the kingdom
I can feel you fade away
From the kitchen to the bathroom sink and
Your steps keep me awake

Don't cut me down, throw me out, leave me here to waste
I once was a man with dignity and grace
Now I'm slipping through the cracks of your cold embrace
So please, please

Could you find a way to let me down slowly?
A little sympathy, I hope you can show me
If you wanna go, then I'll be so lonely
If you're leaving, baby let me down slowly
Let me down, down
Let me down, down
Let me down, let me down
Down, let me down, down
Let me down
If you wanna go, then I'll be so lonely
If you're leaving, baby let me down slowly

Cold skin, drag my feet on the tile
As I'm walking down the corridor
And I know we haven't talked in a while
So I'm looking for an open door

Don't cut me down, throw me out, leave me here to waste
I once was a man with dignity and grace
Now I'm slipping through the cracks of your cold embrace
So please, please

Could you find a way to let me down slowly?
A little sympathy, I hope you can show me
If you wanna go, then I'll be so lonely
If you're leaving, baby let me down slowly
Let me down, down
Let me down, down
Let me down, let me down
Down, let me down, down
Let me down
If you wanna go, then I'll be so lonely
If you're leaving, baby let me down slowly

And I can't stop myself from falling down
And I can't stop myself from falling down
And I can't stop myself from falling down
And I can't stop myself from falling down

Could you find a way to let me down slowly?
A little sympathy, I hope you can show me
If you wanna go, then I'll be so lonely
If you're leaving, baby let me down slowly
Let me down, down
Let me down, down
Let me down, let me down
Down, let me down, down
Let me down
If you wanna go, then I'll be so lonely
If you're leaving, baby let me down slowly
If you wanna go, then I'll be so lonely
If you're leaving, baby let me down slowlyAyy, ayy, ayy, ayy
(DJ Swift on the Track)
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, Kodak
(Dubba AA Flex)
Glee
(It's-it's the sound)

Look, every time you see me I'm surrounded by them snipers
You ain't never run off with a hustler in your life, huh?
I'm from 1800, I'm a hot boy, but I'm iced up
Ugly corner where we smile with you and we don't like you
Just hopped off the plane, I just got out about a day ago
Everybody love me, when they see me they be like, "There he go!"
Got me a new lady, we 'bout to take a trip to Mexico
Crackas took my .40 so I'm 'bout to go buy a Draco

Ayy, Lil Kodak on the beat I got that bass, hoe
Ayy, boy, I drop that shit that they be waitin' for
I like the Bimmer but I'm 'bout to go cop a Wraith tho'
I done peeped your true colors, boy, you a rainbow
I got Space Jams on my feet, I'm on the moon
I'm really lit, so I ain't gotta use no auto-tune
Yeah, I'm the shit, but you know damn well I ain't number two
I'm in this bih' around some niggas who ain't got nothin' to lose
But shawty got that head, she got that fire brain
She know I love the head, I love that migraine
You ain't never run off with a boss ain't ya?
She know a nigga be stuntin' like a Power Ranger

Every time you see me I'm surrounded by them snipers
You ain't never run off with a hustler in your life, huh?
I'm from 1800, I'm a hot boy, but I'm iced up
Ugly corner where we smile with you and we don't like you
Just hopped off the plane, I just got out about a day ago
Everybody love me, when they see me they be like, "There he go!"
Got me a new lady, we 'bout to take a trip to Mexico
Crackas took my .40 so I'm 'bout to go buy a Draco

These ain't Ray-Bans, these Saint Laurent shades, ho
The way my niggas hit your block, you'd think it's Halo
No more home invadin' now, I'm on the radio
I don't even like to fuck, I only want fellatio
I done jumped out to that bag, baby, check my swag
Money fallin' out my ass, I got a lot of cash
Ayy, everybody runnin', nigga got a gun
I ain't makin' beats but the Draco got a drum
I don't wear no fuckin' Yeezys, I got too much sauce
Like I don't believe in Jesus, how I triple cross
I ain't even brush my teeth, but I'm on the block
I ain't even brush my teeth, all I do is floss

Every time you see me I'm surrounded by them snipers
You ain't never run off with a hustler in your life, huh?
I'm from 1800, I'm a hot boy, but I'm iced up
Ugly corner where we smile with you and we don't like you
Just hopped off the plane, I just got out about a day ago
Everybody love me, when they see me they be like, "There he go!"
Got me a new lady, we 'bout to take a trip to Mexico
Crackers took my 40 so I'm 'bout to go buy a DracoYou really wanna know who Superman is?
Watch this, pow!
I like him
I think he's pretty cool
He's my idol

I can't have no sympathy for fuck niggas
All this shit I've seen done made my blood thicker
Spill promethazine inside a double cup
Double up my cream, now that's a Double Stuff, yeah
Please don't hit my phone if it ain't 'bout no commas
Keep the peace like Dalai Lama, big body Hummers
Backin' out the parkin' spot and though the law be on him
He exempt, Shawn Kemp, he keep that .40 on him
Go!

Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Motivate (motivate), motivate (mo-)
Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Motivate (motivate), moti-get money
Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Motivate (motivate), motivate (mo-)
Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Motivate (motivate), moti-get money

Too many times I swallowed my pride
(Get money)
I'm crackin' a smile, I'm dyin' inside
My demons are close, I'm tryin' to hide
I'm poppin' a pill, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm

Woah, suddenly, I feel like takin' a PJ
(Get money)
Fly to D.R. on a weekday, eatin' ceviche
With like half of a mili' inside of my briefcase
A couple of freaks play
And they don't speak inglés
But the money is somethin' that they could comprende
And I got bread like I'm Green Day
(Get money)
I come around and their heads turn
Used to like bitches with hair permed
Now I like it "natural, actual, factual"
Naps and shit, bougie, still do ratchet shit
Not afraid to pass the clip
Before I make the ratchet spit, blaow!

Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
(Get money)
Motivate (motivate), motivate (mo-)
Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Motivate (motivate), moti-get money
Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
(Get money)
Motivate (motivate), motivate (mo-)
Motivate (motivate), motivate (motivate)
Motivate (motivate), moti-get money

Too many times I swallowed my pride
(Get money)
I'm crackin' a smile, I'm dyin' inside
My demons are close, I'm tryin' to hide
I'm poppin' a pill, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm feelin' alive, I'm feelin' alive
I'm

Get money
Get moneyOh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh

Purple tree, plus I got this brown in me
Curly yellow dancin' on me
Said she smell the green on me
And she straight from California
Freaky as she wanna be
Told me she like boys and girls
Oh well, that's okay with me

And she said
"My old boo left me blue, I really loved her
So cold and so cruel, so many colors"
Play hoes like ProTools, can't never trust 'em, trust 'em, trust 'em, trust 'em
Nah, fuck 'em, fuck 'em, fuck 'em, fuck 'em all

When I think about it, I just want a coupe
With a lil' boo, with the same coupe as me, different color
I been gettin' out here
But really the more known I get
I just been peepin these niggas' colors
Since I left the Lou'
Life ain't all black and white
Beautiful, peepin' the different colors
I could never choose
I like my booches in bunches
My babies all different colors
So what do you say? (Ayy)
Why don't we dip to the crib or some shit?
My gang got it crackin' like lips in the wind
I been burnin' my burdens and sippin; on sins
Whole lot on my plate (Heh)
Them yams goin' down soon as I get a chance
Been busy, this music shit tyin' up my hands
But it's on when I get ho-ome, yeah, yeah

When I get home, yeah, yeah
When I get ho-o-o-o-o-ome
When I get ho-o-o-o-ome
When I get ho-o-o-o-o-ome
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh

Purple tree, plus I got this brown in me
Curly yellow dancin' on me
Said she smell the green on me (Ooh)
And she straight from California
Freaky as she wanna be
Told me she like boys and girls
Oh well, that's okay with me

And she said
"My old boo left me blue, I really loved her" (She said)
"So cold and so cruel, so many colors" (What she say)
Play hoes like ProTools, can't never trust 'em, trust 'em, trust 'em, trust 'em
Nah, fuck 'em, fuck 'em, fuck 'em, fuck 'em all

When I get home, yeah, yeah
When I get ho-o-o-o-o-ome
When I get ho-o-o-o-ome
When I get ho-o-o-o-o-ome
When I get ho-o-o-o-o-ome
When I get ho-o-o-o-omeClams Casino, nigga
A$AP

Mr. Pistol Popper, Flacko locked and loaded
Life's a bitch and she pussy pop, know why? Cause I got her open
That pussy soaking, fuck is you promoting?
Yeah, you claim you rage, you hating like you live in Oakland
All my rap town niggas with the roof back
Introduce you niggas to the new swag
Make you say a nigga blew up too fast
Fuck I'm 'sposed to do with all this new ass?
Fuck I'm 'sposed to do with all this new cash?
Thousand dollar drawers just to hold my balls
All I ever do is let my jewels sag
Pac gone, but the "Juice" back
Get your popcorn, juice, snacks
It's a movie nigga, with a new cast
Get the news flash, that the truth back
This is boom bap, mixed with new raps
Look at all the niggas that I blew past
Hood by Air, to the do-rag
Nigga make way for the new jacks

Yea, uh
Yea, uh
Uhh
Yea, yea
Uhh
Uh, uhh

It's Mr. Pistol Popper screaming, "Fuck a copper"
I just bought a crispy choppa, finna fuck your block up, blocka!
Even cracked the pavement that's for niggas hating
I been impatiently waiting to show you niggas Satan
All this talk of Illuminati ain't got a clue about me
Bitch, I'm Trillmaluminati and got my crew behind me
Shooters round me, keep them looters round me
Keep a tool around me, it'll keep you fools from round me
Couple of them dudes surround me
With a gat, with a strap in a backpack
When they cap cap, leave you flat, better back back
On a fast track, ratatat, nigga that's that
Nigga pass that, finna ash, where the hash at
Got a Kat Stacks with a ass, finna smash that
Make 'em catch that, A$AP, then I pass that
Off to my niggas then she ask, "Where the cash at?"
I see dead people, I need dead people
Lord Pretty Flacko, bitch, I behead people
Kneel and kiss the ring, all hail the King
Long Live A$AP put that on everything

Alright, mothafucka
Alright, A$AP
All you need is love
All you need is love
All you need is love
All you need is love
All you need is loveLotta shit happens, like, being in show business
A lot of shit happens, like, like, I make a lot of money, you know
And I'm really happy about it
And I'm not bragging, I just wanna say something
I make a so—fuck, it's ridiculous
But wait, wait a minute, wait a minute
Hey, if my father was alive today, I would go home and say
"Dad, I wanna tell you how much money I made"
You know what he'd say? "You's a lying motherfucker
Joe Louis didn't make that much money
Come in here, get your ass out the house
Coming here with that bullshit," hah

Niggas hating on me, I ain't used to that
Know a couple people wanna shoot for that
I say "No, no, no, chill, it ain't no need for that"
Them niggas tryna blow and ain't need me for that
And if it work for them, well shit, I'm cool with that
'Cause how they feel, I ain't got shit to do with that
I just sit back on cool and watch my paper stack
And trip off how much bread them crackers take from that

(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

It's been a long time since I have felt this way
About something but now, but now
I'm controlling my mind, the days are warm
The nights are cold, the lost is found, I'm found
Lord knows I need something to fill this void
Lord knows I need something to fill this void
Lord knows I need something to fill this void
Lord knows I need something to fill this void

Hell yeah boy, I'm a goddamn millionaire now
Hell yeah, nigga, they can't tell me shit now, bro, hell no, fuck that
Bitch, got my first motherfuckin' million dollar check nigga
I'm goddamn lit boy, you crazy as hell
Hold up, it's my phone real quick, it's my Unc'
Uncle Sam and shit
"What's up Unc'? Yup. Hey, I told you that check was coming in, I gotchu when it came in. Goddamn, I'm a man of my word. Goddamn, I told you I'ma have it, and goddamn, I'ma have it for you. Hell, shit, damn right. Now, how much was it though? Uh huh. Huh? Half? Half nigga? You crazy, boy, you crazy. Bitch, you crazy as fuck. Bitch, bitch, you better suck half my dick!

Yeah, I pay taxes, so much taxes, shit don't make sense
Where do my dollars go? You see lately, I ain't been convinced
I guess they say my dollars supposed to build roads and schools
But my niggas barely graduate, they ain't got the tools
Maybe 'cause the tax dollars that I make sure I send
Get spent hirin' some teachers that don't look like them
And the curriculum be tricking them, them dollars I spend
Got us learning about the heroes with the whitest of skin
One thing about the men that's controlling the pen
That write history, they always seem to white-out they sins
Maybe we'll never see a black man in the White House again
I'll write a check to the IRS, my pockets get slim
Damn, do I even have a say 'bout where it's goin'?
Some older nigga told me to start votin'
I said "Democracy is too fuckin' slow"
If I'm givin' y'all this hard-earned bread, I wanna know
Better yet, let me decide, bitch, it's 2018
Let me pick the things I'm funding from an app on my screen
Better that than letting wack congressman I've never seen
Dictate where my money go, straight into the palms of some Money-hungry company that make guns that circulate the country And then wind up in my hood, making bloody clothes
Stray bullet hit a young boy with a snotty nose
From the concrete, he was prolly rose
Now his body froze and nobody knows what to tell his mother
He did good at the white man schools unlike his brother
Who was lost in the streets all day, not using rubbers
So right now, he got two on the way
Still sleep on covers in his mama house
She can't take this shit no more, she want him out
On the morning of the funeral, just as she's walking out
Wiping tears away, grabbing her keys and sunglasses
She remember that she gotta file her taxes, damn

(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Whoa whoa whoa whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)Uh, yaow, yaow

I get it cracking like a bad back
Bitch talking she the queen when she looking like a lab rat
I'm Angelina, you Jennifer
C'mon, bitch, you see, where Brad at?
Ice my wrist-es then I piss on bitches
You could suck my diznick, if you take these jizzes
You don't like them disses, give my ass some kisses
Yeah, they know what this is, give bitches the business
'Cause I pull up and I'm stuntin' but I ain't a stuntman
Yes, I'm rockin' Jordans, but I ain't a jumpman
Bitches play the back 'cause they know I'm the frontman
Put me on a dollar 'cause I'm who they trust in
Ayo SB, what the fuck's good?
We ship platinum, them bitches is shippin' wood
Them nappy headed hoes, but my kitchen good
I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish a bitch would

You a stupid ho, you a, you a stupid ho
You a stupid ho, you a, you a stupid ho
You a stupid ho, you a, you a stupid ho
You a stupid ho
Yeah, you a, you a stupid ho
You a stupid ho, you a, you a stupid ho (You stupid, stupid)
You a stupid ho, you a, you a stupid ho (You stupid, stupid)
You a stupid ho, you a, you a stupid ho (You stupid, stupid)
You a stupid ho (You stupid, stupid)
Yeah, you a, you a stupid ho (You stupid, stupid)

Uh, look Bubbles, go back to ya' habitat
MJ gone, and I ain't havin' that
How you gonna be the stunt double to the nigga monkey?
Top of that I'm in the Phantom lookin' hella chonky
Ice my wrist-es then I piss on bitches
You could suck my diznick, if you take these jizzes
You don't like them disses, give my ass some kisses
Yeah, they know what this is, give bitches the business
'Cause I pull up in the Porsche, but it ain't de Rossi
Pretty bitches only could get in my posse
Yes, my name is Roman, last name is Zolanski
But no relation to Roman Polanski
Hey, yo Baby Bop, fuck you and your EP
Who's gassin' this ho? BP?
Hmm... thinks
One, two, three, do the Nicki Minaj blink
These hoes so busted, hoes is so crusty
These bitches is my sons and I don't want custody
These hoes so busted, hoes is so crusty
These bitches is my sons and I don't want custody

You a stupid ho, you a, you a stupid ho
You a stupid ho, you a, you a stupid ho
You a stupid ho, you a, you a stupid ho
You a stupid ho
Yeah, you a, you a stupid ho
You a stupid ho, you a, you a stupid ho (You stupid, stupid)
You a stupid ho, you a, you a stupid ho (You stupid, stupid)
You a stupid ho, you a, you a stupid ho (You stupid, stupid)
You a stupid ho (You stupid, stupid)
Yeah, you a, you a stupid ho (You stupid, stupid)

If you cute, then your crew can roll
If you sexy, eat my cucka roll
Put ya' cape on, you a super ho
2012, I'm at the Super Bowl

Stupid hoes is my enemy, stupid hoes is so wack
Stupid ho shoulda befriended me then she coulda prolly came back
Stupid hoes is my enemy, stupid hoes is so wack
Stupid ho shoulda befriended me then she could've probably came back
You a stupid ho, you a stupid ho, you a stupid ho
And I ain't hit that note, but fuck you stupid ho, fuck you stupid ho
I said fuck a stupid ho and fuck a stupid ho
I said fuck a stupid ho and fuck a stupid ho
I said fuck a stupid ho and fuck a stupid ho

I am the female WeezyYeah, what up, Detroit?
Nu-uh, nu-uh nuh, no, he didn't
They didn't do it again (What-what, you what?)
You shitted on these niggas two times, Dr. Dre?
Oh, fo' sho'
Uh-uh, naw, you smell that?
This is special right here (What-what, what-what-what?)
Yeah, it's a toast to the boogie, baby
To the boogie-oogie-oogie
Yeah, you know, what's crackin', Dre?

Just let me lay back and kick some old simplistic pimp shit
On Slim's shit, and start riots like Limp Bizkit
Throw on "Guilty Conscience" at concerts
And watch mosh pits
'Til motherfuckers knock each other unconscious
(Watch out, nigga!)
Some of these crowds that Slim draws is rowdy as Crenshaw
Boulevard, when it's packed and full of cars
Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw
Is niggas from Crenshaw, from Long Beach to South Central
Whoa, not these niggas again
These grown-ass ignorant men with hair-triggers again (Shit)
You and what army could harm me?
D.R.E. and Shady with Doggy from Long Beach
(Westside)
Came a long way to makin' these songs play
It'll be a wrong move to stare at me the wrong way
I got a long Uz' and I carry it all day
Sometimes it's like a nightmare just bein' Andre
But I…

Somehow, some way
Hello nigga, you know about Dogg-ay (Snoop Dogg)
Now let me cut these niggas up
And show 'em where the fuck I'm comin' from
I get the party crackin' from the shit that I be spittin', son
Hit-and-run, get it done, get the funds, split and run
Got about fifty guns
And I love all of 'em the same, bang-bang (Word up)
Damn, baby girl, what's your name? (What's your name?)
I forgot, what'd you say it was?
Damn, a nigga buzzed (Fucked up)
Hangin' in the club with my nephew Eminem (What's up Slim?)
(What up, Cuz? What up, Snoop?)
The Great White American Hope
Done hooked up with the king of the motherfuckin' West Coast
Baby

And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance

I'm the Head Nigga In Charge, I'm watchin' you move
You're found dead in your garage
With ten o'clock news coverage
Gotta love it 'cause I expose the facade
Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God
All jokes aside, come bounce with us
Standin' over you with a 12 gauge about to bust
It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust
I might leave in a bodybag, but never in cuffs
So who do you trust? They just not rugged enough
When things get rough I'm in the club shootin' with Puff
Bitch, please! You must have a mental disease
Assume the position and get back down on your knees
Come on

And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance

Aw, naw, big Slim Dogg
Eighty pound balls (What?), dick six-inch long (Mm)
Back up in the heezy, baby
He's Shady (He's so crazy!)
Give me the mic, let me recite 'til Timothy White
Pickets outside the Interscope offices every night
What if he's right? I'm just a criminal
Makin' a livin' off of the world's misery
What in the world gives me the right to say what I like?
And walk around flippin' the bird
Livin' the urban life like a white kid from the burbs
Dreamin' at night of screamin' at Mom, schemin' to leave
Run away from home, and grow to be as evil as me
I just want you all to notice me, and people to see
That somewhere deep down there's a decent human being in me
It just can't be found, so the reason you've been seeing this me
Is 'cause this is me now, the recent dude who's being this mean
So when you see me dressin' up like a nerd on TV
Or heard the CD usin' the fag word so freely
It's just me bein' me; here, want me to tone it down?
Suck my fuckin' dick, you faggot! You happy now?
Look here, I start some trouble everywhere that I go (That I go)
Ask the bouncers in the club 'cause they know ('Cause they know)
I start some shit, they throw me out the back door (The back door)
Come back and shoot the club up with a .44 (A .44)

And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance

2001 and forever
Slim Shady
Dr. Dre
Snoop Dogg
X to the Z
Nate Dogg
Come on, yeahYeah, yeah, yeah
M-M-M-Murda
Yeah, yeah
Damn right, bro

4 AM, I'm just gettin' started
For my birthday I threw me a surprise party
Reminiscin' 'bout the trap, playin' the first Carter
My life changed when I had my first daughter
Got my first quarter flippin' 50 dollar slabs
Your nigga's lookin' at the bills, askin' you for half
Cut from a different cloth, take pride in results
Anytime she wanna dip I'm providin' the sauce
You on side of the boss, so you kind of the boss
You keep playin' with me, I end up signing your boss
Drop an EP on a nigga for the free-free on a nigga
Yeah you ZZ on a nigga, king like BB on you niggas
Rock with Champagne P
If it wasn't for the struggle then I wouldn't be me
Call me Deuce or Dos, anything but broke
Got my aim from the scope, got the game by the throat, damn!

Okay, you popped up on me by surprise (Yeah, yeah)
You see I never took you for the poppin' type (Straight up)
Damn, it's 4 AM so please believe the hype (It's lit)
Hit the lights (Yeah), I'm way over top
Pop it, flick it
Drop a pin, send a location (Skrrt, skrrt)
I'ma pull up in that bullet-coupe spaceship (Skrrt, skrrt)
Drop off a bag of some dangerous (Yeah)
I'ma hit you, 4 AM, see if you make it (Yeah)

I dropped ColleGrove out the sky, ooh
In a group with the best rapper that's alive, ooh
Never turn my back on my slime, ooh
I ain't wanna fuck the bitch but she was fine, ooh
Hold up baby, let me take my time, ooh
Hard to get some head and try to drive, ooh
Jumpin' out the cake and that's surprisin', ooh
Pickin' up the duffel bag like exercisin', ooh
Bought mama new house 'cause she deserve it, ooh
Practice makes perfect but nobody's perfect, ooh
Escobar is not open for service, ooh
Send you to Dr. Miami for your surgery, ooh

Okay, you popped up on me by surprise (Yeah, yeah)
You see I never took you for the poppin' type (Straight up)
Damn, it's 4 AM so please believe the hype (It's lit)
Hit the lights (Yeah), I'm way over top
Pop it, flick it
Drop a pin, send a location (Skrrt, skrrt)
I'ma pull up in that bullet-coupe spaceship (Skrrt, skrrt)
Drop off a bag of some dangerous (Yeah)
I'ma hit you, 4 AM, see if you make it (Yeah)

Ooh, Riccardo Tisci on the crewneck
Ooh, on a killin' rapper spree and nigga, you next
Ooh, they talkin', chillin', watchin' Netflix (Straight up)
Ooh, I used to trap and watch bootlegs
Ooh, I'm on my wave like a durag
Ooh, I see your boo, now where your crew at?
Ooh, talkin' tequila for the pipe-up
Ooh, I hope you got a clean vagina, yeah
Drench god, drench god, really
Representin', we the squad, really (Oh, yeah)
Tec got the Rollie, now I get it
I used to sell drugs for a living
Got me a job sellin' records
Had to use my jeweler for a reference
Might buy a charm with the extras
Might use her legs for a necklace

Okay, you popped up on me by surprise (Yeah, yeah)
You see I never took you for the poppin' type (Straight up)
Damn, it's 4 AM so please believe the hype (It's lit)
Hit the lights (Yeah), I'm way over top
Pop it, flick it
Drop a pin, send a location (Skrrt, skrrt)
I'ma pull up in that bullet-coupe spaceship (Skrrt, skrrt)
Drop off a bag of some dangerous (Yeah)
I'ma hit you, 4 AM, see if you make it (Yeah)

Don't stop trappin', boy
Got 'bout 12 racks this mornin'
Got 'bout 12 racks
Started last night, still goin'
12 racks strong
Got the pitbull in the corner, she pregnant
Got the crackhead in the corner, she pregnant
Everybody in here pregnant, 'cept my partner and them
But we gettin' this money though, I'm tellin' you thatHah, yeah
Hell yeah
Hah, know what I'm saying?
Yeah

Mista Busta, where the fuck you at?
Can't scrap a lick, so I know you got your gat
Your dick on hard from fuckin' your road dogs
The hoods you threw up with, niggas you grew up with
Don't even respect your ass
That's why it's time for the doctor to check your ass, nigga
Used to be my homie, used to be my ace
Now I wanna slap the taste out ya mouth
Make ya bow down to the Row
Fuckin' me, now I'm fuckin' you, lil' ho
Oh, don't think I forgot, let you slide
Let me ride, just another homicide
Yeah, it's me so I'ma talk on
Stomping on the easiest streets that you can walk on
So strap on your Compton hat, your locs
And watch your back 'cause you might get smoked, loc
And pass the bud and stay low-key
B.G., 'cause you lost all your homie's love
Now call it what you want to
You fucked with me, now it's a must that I fuck with you

You better raise up
Yeah, that's what the fuck I'm talkin' about
We have your mothafuckin' record company surrounded
Put down the candy and let the little boy go
You know what I'm sayin'? Punk motherfucker
We want Eazy! We want Eazy! We want Eazy!

Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
Doggy Dogg's in the motherfuckin' house
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
Death Row's in the motherfuckin house
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
The sounds of a dog brings me to another day
Play with my bone, would ya Timmy?
It seems like you're good for making jokes about your jimmy
Well, here's a jimmy joke about your mama that you might not like
I heard she was a 'Frisco dyke
But fuck your mama, I'm talking about you and me
Toe to toe, Tim M-U-T
Your bark was loud but your bite wasn't vicious
And them rhymes you were kickin' were quite bootylicious
You get with Doggy Dogg? "Oh, is he crazy?"
With your mama and your daddy hollering "Baby!"
So won't they let you know
That if you fuck with Dre, nigga, you're fuckin' wit Death Row
And I ain't even swangin' them thangs
I'm hollerin' 187 with my dick in your mouth, biatch

Yeah, nigga, Compton and Long Beach together on this motherfucker
So you wanna pop that shit, get your motherfuckin' cranium cracked, nigga, step on up
Now, we ain't no motherfuckin' joke, so remember the name
Mighty, mighty D-R
Yeah, motherfucker (The shit done hit the fan)

Now understand this, my nigga Dre can't be touched
Luke's bending over so Luke's getting fucked, buster
Must've thought I was sleazy
Or thought I was a mark 'cause I used to hang with Eazy
Animosity made you speak what you spoke (Yeah)
Ayo, Dre (What up?) Chip this nigga off, loc
If it ain't another ho that I gots to fuck with
Gap teeth in your mouth so my dick's gots to fit
With my nuts on your tonsils
While you're on stage rappin' at your wack-ass concert
And I'ma snatch your ass from the backside
And show you how Death Row pull off that who-ride
Now you might not understand me
'Cause I'ma rob you in Compton and blast you in Miami
Then we gonna creep to South Central
On a street knowledge mission as I steps in the temple
Spot him, got him, as I pulls out my strap
Got my chrome to the side of his White Sox hat
You tryna check my homie, you best check yourself
'Cause when you diss Dre you diss yourself, motherfucker (Yeah, nigga)

So I don't want no dilapidated, two-faced, pigeon-toed, bow-legged, cross-eyed son of a gun fuckin' with me (Fuckin' with me)
Yeah, nine-deuce
Dr. Dre droppin' chronic once again
It don't stop
Punishin' punk motherfuckers real quick-like
Compton style, nigga
Doggy Dogg's in the motherfuckin' house
Yeah, Long Beach is in the motherfuckin' house
Yeah, yeah, straight up
Really, though
Breaking all them suckas off something real proper-like
You know what I'm sayin'?
All them sucka-ass niggas can eat a fat dick
Yeah, Eazy-E, Eazy-E, Eazy-E can eat a big fat dick
Tim Dog can eat a big fat dick
Luke can eat a fat dick
Yeah (Yeah)(Yeah!)
How you feelin'? (Fine!)
You feel alright?

I'm so bossy, bitch, get off me
It's a different jingle when you hear these car keys
Your SL's missin' a S, nigga
Your plane's missin' a chef
The common theme, see they both got wings
If you fly, do it to death
It's only one God, and it's only one crown
So it's only one king that can stand on this mound
King Push, kingpin, overlord
Coast Guard come a hundred goin' overboard
I got money with the best of 'em
Go blow for blow with any Mexican
Don't let your side bitches settle in
Might have to headbutt your Evelyn
Ballers, I put numbers on the boards
Hard to get a handle on this double-edged sword
Whether rappin' or I'm rappin' to a whore
Might reach back and relapse to wrappin' up this raw
Givenchy fittin' like it's gym clothes
We really gymstars, I'm like D. Rose
No D-League, I'm like this close
'88 Jordan, leapin' from the free throw

Ballers, I put numbers on the boards
Ballers, I put numbers on the boards

Motherfuckers can't rhyme no more, 'bout crime no more
Mix drug and show money, Biggs Burke on tour
25 bricks, move work like chore
Hit Delaware twice, needed 25 more
I see flaw, cracks in your diamond
CB4 when you rhyme, Simple Simon
Come and meet the pieman, a must that I flaunt it
The legend grows legs when it comes back to haunt us
Ballers, I put numbers on the boards
Can't a bitch livin' say I bought her Michael Kors
Every car driven was decided by the horse
Keep the sticker in the window 'case you wonder what it cost
How could you relate when you ain't never been great?
And rely on rap money to keep food up on your plates, nigga?
I might sell a brick on my birthday
36 years of doin' dirt like it's Earth Day, God

Ballers, I put numbers on the boardsI'm liable to start a violent spark with a silent thought
I disgust you like dialogue from The Shop to The Wired Frog
Night club, shit, I was taught
If your CD's on fire you had to put it out yourself like Highland Park
No fire department, so you might not hear sirens at all
But don't be alarmed if I sound off
Something just ain't right with me, dog
A martyr on a private charter, whose life could be harder?
Widely regarded highly? Bite me, sweetheart
I'm slightly retarded, but tonight I'm startin'
Shit, I'm feeling self righteous and might just hop in a mosh pit
On some Mike Tyson and Pac shit
Lookin' to box with anybody, disorderly conduct
I'll fuck around and snort a key and pick a fight with a locksmith
Fan of The LOX, bananas, manic, I'm going in shock
Frantic, I'm trapped in a closet
Panic attack 'cause I'm claustrophobic
No, faggot, I mean I can't maneuver for movement
'Cause I have no room for improvement
I'm practically squashed, compacted and boxed in
Toxic, cans of arsenic, flammable bars, examine the content
Bar exam, start of insanity
Charles Hamilton slash Manson and Bronson
Animal snarls, cannibal jaws
Shark mandibles, lambs to the slaughter
Looking skantless as Hannibal's stalking
Anthony Hopkins with his hands in his pockets
(Whistle) Black out, Zach Galifianakis
Gallons of Vodka, but that gal has some knockers
I bet'cha they ring a bell when I come back and I'm conscious
What happened, doc? I passed out again
Alcohol's making me break into vacant's naked
Stolen Magnavox and bag of rocks in back of a Datsun
Fell asleep watching Fear Factor and Scare Tactics
Too close to the StairMaster
Poked a hole in the air mattress and popped it
Woke up shortly thereafter, hungover
No underwear, grasping a Bayer Aspirin and dropped it
Air Maxes in my closet, preposterous Nikes made out of ostrich
And the cross stitching is a cross mixing
Of a rhinoceros, possum skin, giraffe and a dolphin
Fin, cotton Dockers, OshKoshes, drop crotches
Swatch watches and sneakers match with the parkas
But it's like being overstaffed at a boxing gym
With all these trainers, but I don't have any boxers
And I'm standing here naked, hangover, still wasted
Like paper you write raps on, obnoxious
Yo, why does it always sound like I'm grabbing my nostrils?
Fuck that, I'll battle 'em all, I'll battle a mall
I’ll stand there and yell that at a wall
'Til the mannequin dolls scatter and the inanimate objects
That I'm battering all shatter and fall
'Cause I hear the track and I'm starting to get fucking amped
I'm a spark plug, I'm like the car with the cables
Hooked up to my fucking back, I'm a Duracell
But I sure as hell got it backwards 'cause y'all get jumped
And I'll catch the battery charge, but
I got a hunch like your back when it's arching
When I start attacking your squadron
You'll feel like MasterCard when I'm charging
So take a swipe at me, I'm coming straight at you
Like Clay Matthews from the Green Bay Packers
So get the sack like Wisconsin
That's nutbag that I'm talking, who am I kidding?
You faggots are all gonna do my bidding
Don't get dragged to the auction
Neiman Marcus, bags of Vuitton and all
I'll push a bitch into oncoming traffic, just watch this
Stretched, tinted, black sedan my ass
See how mad you act when I drop you off at Saks Fifth Ave
In a fucking taxi cab to go shopping
Affable guy next door's laughable
My next whore's gonna have mechanical arms
That'll jack me off with a lotion dispenser with a motion sensor
No emotion, hence I guess this sick prick dies hard
I got a Magic Johnson
It's like a Magic Wand allows me to not let a blonde arouse me
If Ronda Rousey was on the couch with the condoms out
Holding a thousand Magnums at once to pounce me
I laugh in response to how she dances and flaunts it around me
Her flat little badonkadonk is bouncing around
And all I see is Paulie Malignaggi, she Slaughterhouse in a blouse
And Madonna with mud on her, God dammit I am a misogynist
I slap Linda Ronstadt with a lobster, throw her off a balcony
Just so happens she's fond of algae
'Cause now she faceplants on the concrete
Complete lack of responsibility
Half of you assholes ain't strong enough to pick up a spirit
Shit, you fags couldn't shoplift at a thrift shop
But I let the track lift 'em up, boost the energy
Klepto, I'm back to rip shop up, but my thing is this now
Five-finger discount
Been rapping so long I've been killing this shit, it's easy
Kidnapping your mom 'cause I'm still in this bitch, thievery
Ransom for JonBenét Ramsey, and Chandra Levy, and Gary Condit
("Em") Paul was scared that if I went back to the blonde
I might relapse, get on some bullshit
Perhaps I'll launch some cracker taunts at Action Bronson
Macklemore, Mac Miller and Asher Roth
And have some back and forths
And record a wack response to Kendrick Lamar's "Control" verse
And perform "Fack" in concert 
Yo, I put that shit on a greatest hits album
Now that was awesome
It takes some massive balls to do some shit like that
Sometimes I have to ponder why people are like (I'll stick around)
And put up with my crap so long for, what's the attraction, mama?
Is it the fact that I'm a walking, talking, actual quadruple entendre
Or the pointy nose that's pointing at you, mama?
Who knows at this point, it's always poking so na-ah
Still get along with this voice 'cause that's the "Monster"
So do-si-do with the (na-ah) sociopath
Everyone who knows me knows that
What they don't know is the fact Rihanna calls me Pinocchio
(Na-ah) She loves the way I lie
Sits on my face and waits for my nose to grow
Pathological liar, oh, why am I such an asshole
That my disguise is pants, but they on fire
So am I-a, (Wu) Cappadonna, cut the track off
Sabotage Christmas, crap in your stocking
I'm wrapping up all the presents
In fucking camouflage so you can't even find 'em
Jack Santa Claus, snap Rudolph's antlers off
Wrap his schnoz in gauze bandage and blind him
Blowing a head gasket at Bed, Bath and Beyond
Put the basket back all the bath salt packets are gone, I
Know you really tired of me sampling Billy Squier
But classic rock acid rap is the genre
Got Slash on guitar, splash of Bizarre, Thrasher, and Aerosmith
And I'm a spectacular archer, feed Count Dracula Chocula
Godzilla, half dragon and Bob Dylan, bandwagoners
I'm kicking the damn stragglers off and I'm strangling 'em
Smack Kim Basinger on her ass in the saunaPolly wants a cracker
I think I should get off her first
I think she wants some water
To put out the blow torch

Isn't me, have a seed
Let me clip dirty wings
Let me take a ride, cut yourself
Want some help, please myself
Got some rope, haven't told
Promise you, haven't true
Let me take a ride, cut yourself
Want some help, please myself

Polly wants a cracker
Maybe she would like some food
She asked me to untie her
A chase would be nice for a few

Isn't me, have a seed
Let me clip dirty wings
Let me take a ride, cut yourself
Want some help, please myself
Got some rope, haven't told
Promise you, haven't true
Let me take a ride, cut yourself
Want some help, please myself

Polly said
Polly says her back hurts
She's just as bored as me
She caught me off my guard
Amazes me the will of instinct

Isn't me, have a seed
Let me clip dirty wings
Let me take a ride, cut yourself
Want some help, please myself
Got some rope, haven't told
Promise you, haven't true
Let me take a ride, cut yourself
Want some help, please myselfYoung Gerald, uh

This is the anthem
Told the world I need everything and some, yeah
Two girls that's a tandem
She gon' do it all for me when them bands come
Got it all, yeah I'm young, rich, and handsome
Uh, this shit is not random
Everybody ain't got it, understand son
Yeah, this shit is not random

Woah, okay
It's my world and I do what I like to
I know she gon' be ready when I slide through
If you forgot I got it, I'll remind you (remind you)
'Cause I got what they got, I'm talkin' times two
Disagree with me and you've been lied to
I am nothing like you, and no I'm not the type to
Follow bullshit y'all give the hype to
I can see the fakes, so when I look in your direction
Understand I'm seein' right through
You're hollow, you follow?
Everybody's not the real McCoy
Worldwide, yeah, they feel the boy
California out to Georgia, Florida, then up to Illinois
When I listen to your music, I just feel annoyed
Haters, I don't understand 'em
Bred Jordan ones from 2001 (OG)
Today I think I want a Phantom
If I don't get it I'ma throw a fuckin' tantrum, whoa!

This is the anthem
Told the world I need everything and some, yeah
Two girls, that's a tandem
She gon' do it all for me when them bands come
Got it all, yeah I'm young, rich, and handsome
This shit is not random (nope)
Everybody ain't got it, understand son (sorry)
Yeah, this shit is not random

Now imagine it, put the hours in and stayed passionate
Wasn't blowin' money, I was stackin' it
Figured what the fuck I want to do in life and practiced it
Pay attention, none of this is happenin' by accident
Listen, I don't slack a bit
Game plan's solid, no cracks in it
Said I want a billion now, nothing less is adequate
Grab a check, cashin' it
I was born addicted to the money
Difference now I finally found a way to manage it
What you think I'm paid for, nothin'?
You must be mistakin' someone
I had to go make that fundin'
I'm tryna be great at somethin'
Spend, not saving nothin'
Flyin' from the Bay to London
They say money talks but you ain't saying nothin', shh
Now try and shade me, I'm like, "I guess"
Why yes, you drive a Toyota, please define flex
Sign CDs and I sign breasts
Understand, to these female fans, I'm sex
Listen

This is the anthem
Told the world I need everything and some, yeah
Two girls, that's a tandem
She gon' do it all for me when them bands come
I got it all, yeah I'm young, rich, and handsome
This shit is not random
Everybody ain't got it, understand son
Yeah, this shit is not randomTake a little walk to the edge of town
Go across the tracks
Where the viaduct looms
Like a bird of doom
As it shifts and cracks
Where secrets lie in the border fires
In the humming wires
Hey man, you know
You're never coming back
Past the square, past the bridge
Past the mills, past the stacks
On a gathering storm comes
A tall handsome man
In a dusty black coat
With a red right hand

He'll wrap you in his arms
Tell you that you've been a good boy
He'll rekindle all the dreams
It took you a lifetime to destroy
He'll reach deep into the hole
Heal your shrinking soul
But there won't be a single thing that you can do
He's a god, he's a man
He's a ghost, he's a guru
They're whispering his name
Through this disappearing land
But hidden in his coat
Is a red right hand

You don't have no money?
He'll get you some
You don't have no car?
He'll get you one
You don't have no self-respect
You feel like an insect
Well don't you worry buddy
Cause here he comes
Through the ghettos and the barrio
And the Bowery and the slums
A shadow is cast wherever he stands
Stacks of green paper
In his red right hand


You'll see him in your nightmares
You'll see him in your dreams
He'll appear out of nowhere but
He ain't what he seems
You'll see him in your head
On the TV screen
And hey buddy, I'm warning
You to turn it off
He's a ghost, he's a god
He's a man, he's a guru
You're one microscopic cog
In his catastrophic plan
Designed and directed
By his red right handYeah
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind! (Whoo!)
Ah, uh, whoo, yeah! Ready?
Whoo, whoo, whoo!
Let's go!

(Can I get a encore, do you want more?)
Cookin' raw with the Brooklyn boy
So for one last time I need y'all to roar
Uh, uh, uh, uh (Yeah)
Now, what the hell are you waiting for?
After me, there shall be no more
So for one last time, nigga, make some noise

Get 'em Jay!

Who you know fresher than Hov'? Riddle me that!
The rest of y'all know where I'm lyrically at
Can't none of y'all mirror me back, yeah, hearin' me rap
Is like hearin' G. Rap in his prime, I'm
Young H.O., rap's grateful dead
'Bout to take over the globe, now break bread
I'm in Boeing jets, Global Express
Out the country but the blueberry still connect
On the low but the yacht got a triple deck
But when you young, what the fuck you expect? Yep, yep!
Grand openin', grand closin'
God damn, your man Hov' cracked the can open again
Who you gon' find doper than him
With no pen, just draw off inspira-tion-tion
Soon you gon' see you can't replace him-him
With cheap imitations for these generations

Encore, do you want more?
Cookin' raw with the Brooklyn boy
So for one last time I need y'all to roar
Uh, uh, uh, uh (Yeah)
Now, what the hell are you waiting for?
After me, there shall be no more
So for one last time, nigga, make some noise
What the hell are you waiting for?

Look what you made me do, look what I made for you
Knew if I paid my dues, how will they pay you?
When you first come in the game, they try to play you
Then you drop a couple of hits, look how they wave to you (Look how they wave to you)
From Marcy to Madison Square
To the only thing that matters in just a matter of years (Yeah)
As fate would have it, Jay's status appears
To be at an all-time high, perfect time to say goodbye
When I come back like Jordan
Wearin' the 45, it ain't to play games with you
It's to aim at you, probably maim you
If I owe you I'm blowin' you to smithereens
Cocksucker, take one for your team
And I need you to remember one thing (One thing)
I came, I saw, I conquered
From record sales, to sold-out concerts
So, motherfucker, if you want this encore
I need you to scream, 'til your lungs get sore (Come on)

I'm tired of being what you want me to be
Feeling so faithless, lost under the surface
Don't know what you're expecting of me
Put under the pressure of walking in your shoes
(Caught in the undertow, just caught in the undertow)
Every step that I take is another mistake to you
(Caught in the undertow, just caught in the undertow)
And every second I waste is more than I can take!

I've become so numb, I can't feel you there
Become so tired, so much more aware
I'm becoming this, all I want to do
Is be more like me and be less like you
I've become so numb

Can I get a encore? Do you want more? (More, more, more)
I've become so numb
So for one last time I need y'all to roar
One last time I need y'all to roarDJ Chose
Oh yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah

All these horses in my car got me going fast
I just wanna do the dash, put my pedal to the gas (skrr, skrr)
Going so fast, hope I don't crash (skrr, skrr)
One false move, that could be my last (yeah)
All these horses in my car got me going fast
I just wanna do the dash, put my pedal to the gas (skrr, skrr)
Going so fast, hope I don't crash (skrr, skrr)
One false move, that could be my last (yeah)

I just pulled up in the Benz
It was just me and my mans
Fishbowl, no tint
Scooping your hoe and her friends
Won't take that bitch to the movies
Ain't got no love for the groupies
Seat back while she do me
She get wetter than Jacuzzis
She on go like a green light
She get ran through like a red light
If the head right, then the bread right
Shawty know I be there every night
Rollin', rollin', whip A1 like steak sauce
Zero to sixty, I take off
Can't see me, looking like Ray Charles

They tell me slow down, I'm goin' too fast
Young nigga, I just wanna do the dash
I'm so reckless, hope I don't crash
'Cause I'm ballin', like the whip stolen (yeah)

All these horses in my car got me going fast
I just wanna do the dash, put my pedal to the gas (skrr, skrr)
Going so fast, hope I don't crash (skrr, skrr)
One false move, that could be my last (yeah)
All these horses in my car got me going fast
I just wanna do the dash, put my pedal to the gas (skrr, skrr)
Going so fast, hope I don't crash (skrr, skrr)
One false move, that could be my last (yeah)

All big bankrolls, I got no hoes
I just left my girlfriend, I'm in love with the Ghost now
She's full of emotions and now she's my old bitch
'Cause my 'Rari knows how to ride, when it goes down
And my watch on froze, watch it glow, when the lights out
If it's hot or cold, we gon' still bring the bikes out
I jump out a Rolls-Royce and I hop in a Lamb' now
When I push the button, they like, "What the fuck is that sound?"
Damn, I'm the man now
Only pulled up in this whip, so I could stand out
Bought a icy ring and told 'em it's no handouts
Started up a label, 'bout to make a band now

All these horses in my car got me going fast
I just wanna do the dash, put my pedal to the gas (skrr, skrr)
Going so fast, hope I don't crash (skrr, skrr)
One false move, that could be my last (yeah)
All these horses in my car got me going fast
I just wanna do the dash, put my pedal to the gas (skrr, skrr)
Going so fast, hope I don't crash (skrr, skrr)
One false move, that could be my last (yeah)

I'm looking at you haters through my rear view mirror
I'm sliding in some shit you see in Fast & Furious
I'm switching lanes on 'em, but I don't got no gears
Shawty say she wanna ride, but she don't know how to steer
They paid me for a show, but I didn't even appear
They say, "Kodak Black, you drive like he ain't got no fear"
They say, "Kodak Black, you act like you ain't got no care"
I say my car got a horse like I'm in a marriage
Pull up in a 'Rari, I, jump out with your shawty
Driving like a crash dummy, speeding to that cash money
Money all in my head, if I wreck I'm dead
Shit, I'm driving, that no cracker wouldn't even get behind

All these horses in my car got me going fast
I just wanna do the dash, put my pedal to the gas (skrr, skrr)
Going so fast, hope I don't crash (skrr, skrr)
One false move, that could be my last (yeah)
All these horses in my car got me going fast
I just wanna do the dash, put my pedal to the gas (skrr, skrr)
Going so fast, hope I don't crash (skrr, skrr)
One false move, that could be my last (yeah)Ay, I have a message from the Most High that says:
"This negra kept his soul from the Devil"
It's true, I guess I mean, wait a minute now
Is your people really that God damn ign'ant? Really? Really?

Church bells and choir sounds, tell 'em, "Quiet down"
Bow your head, the Most High's around cocktails
Guys and gals miss me, ties and gowns happen now
My entire sound is how you tryna sound? Stop it now
They ask me why I don't go to church no more
'Cause church is the new club and wine is the new bub
And lies is the new drugs, my sister the next stripper
My brother the next victim, my usher the next tricker
Satan givin' out deals, finna own these rappers
The game is full of slaves and they mostly rappers
You sold your soul first, then your homies after
Let's show these stupid field niggas they could own they masters
Holy smokes, I think my pastor was the only folk
To own the Rollie, Ghost and Rolls Royces with no Holy Ghost
And get your shit prepared, face your fears, all you niggas scared
Say your prayers, pray you fit upstairs, it's our only hope

Church bells and choir sounds, tell 'em, "Quiet down"
Bow your head, the Most High's around, Lord
(These things are not right, these things is not right) Lord
(Hell, nobody's ever defined) Lord
The pastor had a thing for designer glasses
Yeah, I'm talkin' fancy plates and diamond glasses
The ushers keep skimmin' the collection baskets
And they tryna dine us with some damn wine and crackers

Who's more important than your Lord and Savior?
Won't let the pearly gates up in this
Probably due to all your poor behavior
My mental got a couple tips to save ya
Just be sure to count it as my only favor, thank me later
Uh, every night I stayed up sayin' prayer, made me greater, uh
Let's savior chasin' green for collard greens and baked potatoes
On the table, pray for cable, hit the label, now we major
Ha, I got my own relationship with God, Lord

Holy Ghost, I'm on my knees, I'm on my knees
Holy Ghost, you're all I need, you're all I need
Holy Ghost, I'm on my knees, I'm on my knees
Holy Ghost, you're all I need, you're all I need
Holy Ghost, I'm on my knees, I'm on my kneesCome here, girl
Oh, you want me to touch you right there?
Oh, like a little lamb, play in your hair
Oh you want it? Oh you want it right now
Like that? I got you baby
All on you baby
Push it back on daddy
Push it back on daddy baby

I seen it vividly jogging my brain memory, life is...
I seen it vividly jogging my brain memory
Life no longer infinity this was the final calling
No birds chirping or flying, no dogs barking
We all nervous and crying, moving in caution
In disbeliefs our belief's the reason for all this
The tallest building plummet, cracking, and crumbling
The ground is shaking, swallowing young woman
With a baby, daisies, and other flowers burning in destruction
The smell is disgusting, the heat is unbearable
Preachers touching on boys run for cover, the paranoid
Rapists and murderers hurdle alleys
Valleys and high places turn into dust
Famous screaming in agony
Atheists for suicide, planes falling out the sky
Trains jumping off the track, mothers yelling "he's alive"
Backpedaling Christians settling for forgiveness
Evidence all around us the town is covered in fishes
Ocean water dried out, fire burning more tides out
Tabernacle and city capital turned inside out
Public bathroom, college classroom's been deserted
Another trumpet has sounded off and everyone heard it
(It's happening) no more running from world wars
(It's happening) no more discriminating the poor
(It's happening) no more bad bitches and real niggas
Wishing for green and gold the last taste of allure
I swore I seen it vividly
A moniker of war from heaven that play the symphony
Thunder like number four, then I heard
"What have you did for me"
I fell to my knees, pulled out my resume
That dated back to June 17th, 1987
My paperwork was like a receipt
I was valedictorian, I was fearful of judgment
But confident I had glory in all my past endeavors
Close my eyes, pray to God that I live forever
Dark skies, fire and brimstone, some of us sent home
Some of us never did wrong but still went to hell
Geez Louise, I thought you said that I excel
I made To Pimp a Butterfly for you
Told me to use my vocals to save mankind for you
Say I didn't try for you, say I didn't ride for you
I tithed for you, I pushed the club to the side for you
Who love you like I love you?
Crucifix, tell me you can fix
Anytime I need, I'mma start jotting everything in my diary
Never would you lie to me
Always camaraderie, I can see, our days been numbered
Revelation greatest as we hearing the last trumpet
All man, child, woman, life completely went in reverse
I guess I'm running in place trying to make it to church

Young nigga act an ass
Young nigga act a fool
Young nigga get yo' cash
Young nigga do what it do
Young nigga go, young nigga go
Young nigga go, young nigga go
Whatever makes all of you happy in this bitch
Just take it all back before the light switchI just wanted to be one of The Strokes
Now look at the mess you made me make
Hitchhiking with a monogrammed suitcase
Miles away from any half-useful imaginary highway
I'm a big name in deep space, ask your mates
But golden boy's in bad shape
I found out the hard way that
Here ain't no place for dolls like you and me
Everybody's on a barge
Floating down the endless stream of great TV
1984, 2019

Maybe I was a little too wild in the '70s
Rocket-ship grease down the cracks of my knuckles
Karate bandana, warp speed chic
Hair down to there, impressive moustache
Love came in a bottle with a twist-off cap
Let's all have a swig and do a hot lap

So who you gonna call?
The Martini Police
Baby, that isn't how they look tonight, oh no
It took the light forever to get to your eyes

I just wanted to be one of those ghosts
You thought that you could forget
And then I haunt you via the rear view mirror
On a long drive from the back seat
But it's alright, 'cause you love me
And you recognise that it ain't how it should be
Your eyes are heavy and the weather's getting ugly
So pull over, I know the place
Don't you know an apparition is a cheap date?
What exactly is it you've been drinking these days?
Jukebox in the corner, "Long Hot Summer"
They've got a film up on the wall and it's dark enough to dance
What do you mean you've never seen Blade Runner?

Oh, maybe I was a little too wild in the '70s
Back down to earth with a lounge singer shimmer
Elevator down to my make-believe residency
From the honeymoon suite
Two shows a day, four nights a week
Easy money

So who you gonna call?
The Martini Police
So who you gonna call?
The Martini Police
Oh, baby, that isn't how they look tonight
It took the light absolutely forever to get to your eyes

And as we gaze skyward, ain't it dark early?
It's the star treatment
Yeah, and as we gaze skyward, ain't it dark early?
It's the star treatment
It's the star treatment
The star treatmentRicky Racks
For what it's worth
You were a slut at birth
If the world had a dick
You'd fuck the Earth
I tried to get over you
It doesn't work
You're still a cunt
I'm still a fucking jerk

Same as it ever was, yeah
Say it'll change but it never does
Ain't gonna ever 'cause
You're the cause of my pain and the medicine
Never met someone who played games with my head as much
Fate tethered us together like two felons
Must've fell in love with skeletons
Everyone's got 'em, thought that you were Cinderella but (Yeah)
Feels like I slept with the (Uh) wicked stepmother
But how the hell am I
Still in love with the motherfucking chick there's at least a million of?
They say love the one you with
But this shit is killing us
Our love's on some other shit
I'm a glutton for punishment
You're the gloves, I'm the punching mitts
It's above and beyond us
Cuffing, I'm shoving the girl I love inside of an oven
If I catch you sucking another dick
You better unsuck it, you snuck in the crib and tried to jump under the covers again
Why am I tucking you in?
Probably 'cause

I gotta tell myself another lie
'Cause that's what helps to get me by
'Cause I'm in Hell
This is my goodbye, farewell

Wanna hold you, wanna choke you, wanna love you
Wanna hate you, wanna kill you, wanna hurt you
Wanna heal you, yeah
Wanna lose you, keep you, bruise you
Beat, abuse you, treat you mutual
It's juvenile, delusional, as usual
You're beautiful, I'm average (Woo)
I'm brutal, you're a savage
My ride or die chick who's always cruising for a bruising
Yeah, it's kinda like we're tryna light a dynamite stick
Though we might get along like shit
Fight, hit, bite, spit, unite, split
Yeah, you're awful, but you're mine
And they say love is blind, we see each other fine
But it's no wonder I'm (Yeah) the only one you'll find (Uh)
To put up with your shit (What?), I need a plumber line (Yeah)
But nothing comes to mind (Nah) besides the number 90 (No)
'Cause since '06 you flipped my fucking life, upside down
Now the sky's ground, look at my frown, it's a smile now
Look at my mouth, it's my eyebrows, make it rain upwards
We're on that ninth cloud, two insane lovebirds
I should fly south, 'cause man am I great, ain't lyin' to myself
But I'm just plain stubborn, I'm Audi five thou'
But this is my house, bitch, you get out
Then we duke it out, then it dies down
Then we say, "Fuck it", cry our eyes out
Then...

I gotta tell myself another lie
'Cause that's what helps to get me by
'Cause I'm in Hell
This is my goodbye, farewell

This relationship is all that it's cracked up to be
Never lack lust in that 'cause we act nuts
'Cause that's what attracts us
Trick you with a back rub
Tell you to relax then dump your ass in the bathtub (Haha)
Yeah, now that's love, may sound pathetic
But fuck the world 'cause they out to get us
I love you but I won't exchange vows
Hey now, don't get carried away
No way I'll get married, it'll take a rain cloud to wed us
Yeah, but we're so insane ‘bout each other
May take the same route and way out as Junior Seau
Break out Berettas, lay down in bed and blow our brains out together
Who knows how it's gonna play out?
Or whether death's what our ending will be
One of us shot in the back while attempting to flee
But I'll go to bat for you, defending your honor
Yeah, no contingency fees, something we’re not, nah
We're not pretending to beef, don't cost a penny to be with me
Time we're spending is free, we could be broke as a joke
Won't make a difference to me, don't have to give me a thing
Could've been a 50 cent ring from out of a vending machine
Love unconditionally, there's no other fish in the sea
Guess I'm a prisoner, see, addiction is a disease

I gotta tell myself another lie
'Cause that's what helps to get me by
'Cause I'm in Hell
This is my goodbye, farewell

Love you girl, do you feel the same?
I don't wanna play games, no games, ah
You're the only one that can out my flame
Baby, just play it straight, straight, no games, ahDo you have the time to listen to me whine
About nothing and everything all at once?
I am one of those melodramatic fools
Neurotic to the bone, no doubt about it

Sometimes I give myself the creeps
Sometimes my mind plays tricks on me
It all keeps adding up, I think I'm cracking up
Am I just paranoid? Am I just stoned?

I went to a shrink to analyze my dreams
She says it's lack of sex that's bringing me down
I went to a whore, he said my life's a bore
So quit my whining 'cause it's bringing her down

Sometimes I give myself the creeps
Sometimes my mind plays tricks on me
It all keeps adding up, I think I'm cracking up
Am I just paranoid? Huh yeah, yeah yeah

Grasping to control, so I better hold on

Sometimes I give myself the creeps
Sometimes my mind plays tricks on me
It all keeps adding up, I think I'm cracking up
Am I just paranoid? Am I just stoned?J. White, I need a beat, I can go off on (Ooh)

Lil Sally Walker, walkin' down the street
She didn't know what to do, so she jumped in front of me
Lil Sally Walker, walkin' down the street
She didn't know what to do, so she jumped in front of me
I said go on, girl, do yo thang (Go)
Do yo thang (Go), do yo thang (Go)
Go on, girl, do yo thang (Go), do yo thang (Go), stop (Go)
Go on, girl, do yo thang (Go)
Do yo thang (Go), do yo thang (Go)
Go on, girl, do yo thang (Go), do yo thang (Go), drop (Go)

Lil Sally Walker, uh, shake it proper, uh
Bend it over, make it wobble, uh, got a lotta buns
Pick it up and drop it, uh, for the proper funds
Anything to make the profit come, get them dollars, hon'
Add that shit up just like mathematics
If you do it for free, then it's ass backwards
All of you bitches is mad at me
Pro'ly mad 'cause you ain't in my tax bracket
You bitches is broker than glass crackin'
You ain't gon' do shit, you just act ratchet
Play with me, you gon' get backhanded
I toot it up and look back at it

Lil Sally Walker, walkin' down the street
She didn't know what to do, so she jumped in front of me
Lil Sally Walker, walkin' down the street
She didn't know what to do, so she jumped in front of me
I said go on, girl, do yo thang (Go)
Do yo thang (Go), do yo thang (Go)
Go on, girl, do yo thang (Go), do yo thang (Go), stop (Go)
Go on, girl, do yo thang (Go)
Do yo thang (Go), do yo thang (Go)
Go on, girl, do yo thang (Go), do yo thang (Go), drop (Go)

Watch me throw it back and toot it, they love how I do it, uh
I'm the truth, you can't refuse it, plus my body's stupid, uh
He wasn't even shot by Cupid, but your dude's a groupie, uh
You would think it's gettin' evicted how my booty movin' (yeah)
Better yet, I need a U-Haul
One of a kind, I don't do malls
These bitches talk more than group calls
Shut the fuck up with them loose walls
Matter fact, I'm not gon' go back and forth
With you bitches like Duval and Snoop Dogg
These bitches front like a new bra
Don't get your ass dragged like RuPaul

Lil Sally Walker, walkin' down the street
She didn't know what to do, so she jumped in front of me
Lil Sally Walker, walkin' down the street
She didn't know what to do, so she jumped in front of me
I said go on, girl, do yo thang (Go)
Do yo thang (Go), do yo thang (Go)
Go on, girl, do yo thang (Go), do yo thang (Go), stop (Go)
Go on, girl, do yo thang (Go)
Do yo thang (Go), do yo thang (Go)
Go on, girl, do yo thang (Go), do yo thang (Go), drop (Go)

Go, go, go
Go, go, go (Do yo thang, stop)
Go, go, go
Go, go, go (Do yo thang, drop)Please, could you stop the noise
I'm trying to get some rest
From all the unborn chicken voices
In my head

What's that?
(I may be paranoid, but not an android)
What's that?
(I may be paranoid, but not an android)

When I am king
You will be first against the wall
With your opinion
Which is of no consequence at all

What's that?
(I may be paranoid, but no android)
What's that?
(I may be paranoid, but no android)

Ambition makes you look pretty ugly
Kicking, squealing, Gucci little piggy
You don't remember
You don't remember
Why don't you remember my name?
Off with his head, man
Off with his head, man
Why don't you remember my name?
I guess he does

Rain down, rain down
Come on, rain down on me
From a great height
From a great height, height
Rain down, rain down
Come on, rain down on me
From a great height
From a great height, height
That's it, sir, you're leaving (Rain down)
The crackle of pigskin (Rain down)
The dust and the screaming (Come on, rain down)
The yuppies networking (On me)
The panic, the vomit (From a great height)
The panic, the vomit (From a great height)
God loves his children
God loves his children, yeahA green plastic watering can
For a fake Chinese rubber plant
In a fake plastic earth
That she bought from a rubber man
In a town full of rubber plans
To get rid of itself

It wears her out
It wears her out
It wears her out
It wears her out

She lives with a broken man
A cracked polystyrene man
Who just crumbles and burns
He used to do surgery
For girls in the 80s
But gravity always wins

And it wears him out
It wears him out
It wears him out
It wears

She looks like the real thing
She tastes like the real thing
My fake plastic love
But I can't help the feeling
I could blow through the ceiling
If I just turn and run

And it wears me out
It wears me out
It wears me out
It wears me out

And if I could be who you wanted
If I could be who you wanted
All the time
All the timeMy friend showed me pictures of his kids
And all I could show him was pictures of my cribs
He said his daughter got a brand new report card, card
And all I got was a brand new sports car, oh

And my head keeps spinning
Can't stop having these visions
I gotta get with it (Ooh, ooh, oooh)
And my head keeps spinning
I can't stop having these visions
I gotta get with it (Ooh, ooh, oooh)

Dad cracked a joke, all the kids laughed
But I couldn't hear him all the way in first class
Chased the good life my whole life long
Look back on my life and my life gone
Where did I go wrong?

And my head keeps spinning
Can't stop having these visions
I gotta get with it (Ooh, ooh, oooh)
And my head keeps spinning
I can't stop having these visions
I gotta get with it (Ooh, ooh, oooh)

I've seen it, I've seen it before
I've seen it, I've seen it before
I've seen it, I've seen it before
I've seen it, I've seen it before

My god-sister getting married by the lake
But I couldn't figure out who I'd wanna take
Bad enough that I showed up late
I had to leave 'fore they even cut the cake
Welcome to heartbreak

And my head keeps spinning
Can't stop having these visions
I gotta get with it (Ooh, ooh, oooh)
And my head keeps spinning
I can't stop having these visions
I gotta get with it (Ooh, ooh, oooh)

Ooh-hoo
Ooh-hoo
Ooh-hoo
And I, and I can't stop
No, no, I can't stop
No, no, no, no, I can't stop
No, no, no, no, I can't stop
Can't stop, I can't stop, I can't stop
No, no, no, no
No, no, no, no
No, no, no, no
No, no, I can't stop
No, can't stop having these visions
I gotta get with it
Ooh, ooh, oooh
Hoo-hoo, ho-ho-hoo
Ooh-hooAnd maybe someday it's me and you
But right now I can't seem to feel it too
Lately, all I know is you're running through my mind
I know it hurts, it's just not our time

I'm used to it all
I'm used to finding someone, then go losing it all
Tell 'em that I'm fine, don't you worry at all
Pick up my phone at 1 AM, and now I'm sending a call
Caring less and less around me, all my time has been around you
Let you in when you told me not to, held your hand, I said, "I got you"
Ocean in your eyes, I've been lost at sea
Drowning in my thoughts, it was you and me
And I can't seem to find a single silver lining
Tell you that I'm fine, I'm lying, a heart will never wait for time
And don't you get it? There's a reason I met you
You don't think that I get you?
Ask me why I'm trying, 'cause I think that you're special
Embedded in my mind, only you, nobody else
So many times you said there's somebody else
But you still picked up my calls, you still replied to my texts
I went and made you a song, you said it made you a mess
'Cause the cracks in your heart, it looked just like mine
You and I were broken around the same time
Beautiful smile with all the pain in your eyes
You have a love so deep, you trust the wrong guys
And I understand it more than anyone
You're not looking for connection with just anyone
What if I told you that I'm the better one?
Spilling all my heart and I'ma let it run
My mind is saying, "Leave you", but my heart says, "No"
You made your choice, but I can't seem to let go
Thinking of your voice in a world so cold
I'm breaking down now, but I won't let it show
And even if I'm crazy, doesn't mean that I'm wrong
Wonder what you're thinking as you listen to this song
I've been lost in my mind, but I'ma tell you I'm fine
But what's the point of "The One" if you find 'em at the wrong time, like

And maybe someday it's me and you
But right now, I can't seem to feel it too
Lately, all I know is you're running through my mind
I know it hurts, it's just not our time
Baby, don't you tell me that you don't see it too
You say you love me, so then tell me what can I do?
You're on my mind, I know it hurts, it's just not our time

I can tell you've been crying, let me shoulder your pain
You're looking at me funny, do you know what you're saying?
"Ivan this isn't a game, I can't be feeling the same
I told you not to fight for anything, there's nothing to gain
And now things are harder, 'cause I'm feeling it too
There was a wall for a reason, why'd you go and break through?
Then you made me a song and it's been all in my mind
I know you're lying every time when you tell me you're fine
I met this guy before I met you
Put my trust in him before I met you
I got attached to him before I met you
Now you're on my mind ever since I met you, but what can I do?
'Cause I don't think that you're getting it
A few months earlier with you and maybe this would be different
Maybe you do really get me and that's the thing that upsets me
I want him, I'm in your mind, so it's best you forget me"
Maybe you're right, I don't think I'll ever get it, love is making me blind
Picking up the phone, then I'm putting it down
Like who am I to go ruin the happiness that you found?
I kept going to tell my friends that it was all so dumb
Then I'm writing in my room until my heart goes numb
Till my pens all done, you know my heart wants more
Let's break it in pieces all again once more
You can tell me that I'm wasting all my time
But I've been looking for a sign, and I've been finding it in you
And you can tell me he was there first, you can say you fell for him first
He'll never look at you the way I look at you
You left a hole in my chest that I don't think I can fill
It's like we met in a dream, but the feeling is real
And I can write a thousand lines, all the stars could align
What's all the love in the world if you find it at the wrong time?

And maybe someday it's me and you
But right now I can't seem to feel it too
You're on my mind, I know it hurts, it's just not our timeOooooh
Oooooh
Oooooh

You could make me a believer
Even if that shit ain't true
You could make me commit murder
Baby, I'd kill for you

In my eyes
Even if you are wrong, you are right
Even if it's a terrible crime, it's alright
Cause I got your back, and I know you got mine
I belong to the church of your name, Sing a song
'Cause I worship the ground you walk on
If I pray for you, I know you'll be there

You could make me a believer
Even if that shit ain't true
You could make me commit murder
Baby, I'd kill for you

In my bed I believe every word that you've said
Just a kiss and you make me forget
All the bad, the battles we lost, the bodies we hid
You don't know, just how far I'd be willing to go
You put the cracks into my moral code
So you can count on me to always be there

You could make me a believer
Even if that shit ain't true
You could make me commit murder
Baby, I'd kill for you

Oh, lord, forgive my weary hands
And for what they may do
I'll carry out his evil plans
If he wants me to

In your dream, you're drownin', I just waltz in and saved you
I'm your alternate escape route, the altar you pray to
Your ultimate savior, your behavior is altered
Ain't your fault 'cause I made you
Brainwash and persuade you
Gibraltar, your faith'll never falter or waver
One you call to in danger, I'm your guardian angel
Nobody can tell you shit, you've already made your
Mind just follow me, babe, you
Won't be sorry you stayed, you
Always ride, whatever the plan is
'Til the end, even if I led us into an ambush
Even if we robbed a First National and cops caught us redhanded
They're coming at us, and we're trapped with our backs up
Against the wall, and it's too tall
You'd catapult me or hold the ladder for me
Stay back to get captured, take the fall
You make it all worth it
Baby doll, you're perfect the way you are
Accidents happen
All I know is you love me, that's really all that matters
And any who cross our paths are just collateral damage
At your side, got your lateral, back, your front, diagonal
Backwards, blackbirds, we attack like animals
When they threaten what we have it's a natural reaction
You'll lay a bitch flat on her back in a second flat for me
Who tries to take your man from you
It's blasphemy, another casualty, you'll go whatever route
Do whatever you have to do, you'd blast for me
I never doubt that
That's 'cause you

You could make me a believer
Even if that shit ain't true
You could make me commit murder
Baby, I'd kill for youIt's a light day
Ain't got on nothin' but about $700 thousand worth
That's it
You know what I'm sayin'?

I was havin' trust issues
But I've been havin' way better luck since you
I know it's true love with you
Told myself I don't wanna fall in love with you
Rollin' on the eway speedin'
Friday, just started the weekend
XO textin', you respondin'
We gon' go crazy with this money
We do hot yoga, 92 degrees
Can you stretch it out? Stretch it out for me
I got somewhere to be, but it's hard to leave
When you do it like you mean it, I'm proceedin'
Is you the one? Is you the one?
Then she looked me in my eyes
Told me, "Fuck them pussy niggas
They ain't ridin' 'cause I'm ridin'
And I'm dyin' for you, baby"
Got me feelin'

In-in-incredible
In-in-incredible
In-in-incredible
Incredible
Yeah, yeah

We can do exactly what you like, baby
And it's all on me
We can take Vicodin tonight, baby
It's all on me
We been textin' back and forth
Now it's time to get it crackin'
Girl, take it all out 'cause I know you active
Did you come to talk or is you 'bout that action?
Diamonds on my neck, moonwalkin', Michael Jackson
I'ma have your body sweatin' like you dipped in baby oil
I'ma do whatever it's gon' take to keep my baby spoiled
I'ma do whatever it's gon' take to shake these haters off
Put it on, fuck the cost
I just wanna show you off
I can see your flaws, she gon' take me how I am
Hit it from the back, girl, you know I'm goin' ham
Fuck the pigs, girl, you got me feelin' like the man
Yeah, yeah

In-in-incredible
In-in-incredible
In-in-incredible
Incredible
Yeah, yeah
Way you move your body, girl I'll give you an advance
Know you, girl, you fuckin' with a full-grown man
The way you move your body, I'ma have a change of plans
In-in-in-incredible
In-in-incredible
In-in-incredible
Incredible
Yeah, yeah

I'ma have your body sweatin' like you dipped in baby oil
I'ma do whatever it take to keep my fuckin' baby spoiled
I'ma do whatever it takes to shake these fuckin' bitches off
I'ma do whatever it takes and you gon' be my personal
Dance, dance, girl you dancin' like you strippin' for this gold
Romance and we've all done been here before
But your passion, I hear it when you're talkin'
We ain't clashin', you quiet when I'm talkin'
Put them diamonds on you, have 'em Billie Jean moonwalkin'
Put them diamonds on you, have 'emmmmm moonwalkin'
You get into everything exclusively, I'm honest
We don't need nobody comin' inbetween this money
These niggas already tryna invade the embassy
Good thing I changed and you got that remedy
The best thing about you, oh you're that far from me
You a star to me

In-in-incredible
In-in-incredible
In-in-incredible
Incredible
Yeah, yeah
Way you move your body, girl I'll give you an advance
Know you, girl, you fuckin' with a full-grown man
The way you move your body, I'ma have a change of plans
In-in-in-incredible
In-in-incredible
In-in-incredible
Incredible
In-in-incredible
In-in-incredible
In-in-incredible
Incredible
Yeah, yeahHe should try enjoying life, rather than spending his time trying to outsmart me. While he's alive, that is
I know what you're saying but it's not that simple, it's just human nature
What's that guy doing, I wonder?

I still got orange and white cassette tapes
Tents where my neighbors came to spectate
Niggas that's tough now used to get little in the dark
It's all cool now, we're all little kids at heart
Accident prone Chance, y'all remember 'bout
The time I cracked my head open at Auntie Linda's House?
From diapers to outfits to castles to Elmos
From Santas to Grandmas to Gameboys and cell phones
Rocked your world, fourth grade talent show
Jada and Justin's birthday magic show
Games of tips taking niggas to school
Two quarters and I'll bust your ass at pool, on bull
Round here we lose best friends like every week
I like to think we playin' a long game of hide and go seek
And one day maybe I'ma find Terrance and I could lead them
Kids of the Kingdom singing 'bout freedom

Heads down, eyes shut, time to play Seven Up
Heads bowed, hands clutched, bottles gone, Heavens up
Smile comes through, though my eyes might cry
When they reminisce over you, my God

Let's take it back like Indian givers
To Indian burns and Jiminy Crickets
To the smell of Pillsbury on biscuit mornings
To puffy winter coats and Christmas mornings
I used to chill with the kids next door
And SpongeBob came around 'bout four
And then I'd hang with Bart's guys
Around the bend was Smart Guy
Flipping through the picture books
Checking through my archives
Remember the old days, the ones you'll never get back
At the end of parties, passing around gift bags
Now we blow entire O's at one kick back
MY$FITS and mismatch that get off like wrist slaps, uhh

Heads down, eyes shut, time to play Seven Up
Heads bowed, hands clutched, bottles gone, Heavens up
Smile comes through, though my eyes might cry
When they reminisce over you, my God
When they reminisce over you, my God

Remember Jeepers and Odyssey Fun World?
Young pimpin' like you oughta see one girl
Mama Jann, mama Charlie, and my mama Lisa
Booster seat used to boost my kitty, Connie's Pizza
And every year we made a Christmas list
And Auntie Linda cooked a Christmas dish
And all of our grandparents made a Christmas wish
Like "Lord, let me see another year like this", uhh

Heads down, eyes shut, time to play Seven Up
Heads bowed, hands clutched, bottles gone, Heavens up
Smile comes through, though my eyes might cry
When they reminisce over you, my God
When they reminisce over you, my GodI wanna fall inside your ghost
And fill up every hole inside my mind
And I want everyone to know
That I am half a soul divided

Sometimes, we will die
And sometimes, we will fly away
Either way, you're by my side
Until my dying days
And if I'm not there and I'm far away
I said, "Don't be afraid"
I said, "Don't be afraid
We're going home"

I wanna strip myself of breath
A breathless piece of death I've made for you
A mortal rotting piece of song
Will help me carry on, but this you heard

Oh, sometimes, we will die
And sometimes, we will fly away
Either way, you're by my side
Until my dying days
And if I'm not there and I'm far away
I said, "Don't be afraid"
I said, "Don't be afraid
We're going home"

(Oh, oh, oh, oh)
(Okay)
So the hearse ran out of gas, a passenger person grabbed a map
And the driver inside it contrived a new route to save the past
And checked his watch and grabbed a cab, a beautifully planned taxi cab
A cab, had a cleared out back and two men started to unpack
Driving once again, but now this time, there were three men
And then I heard one of them say "I know the night will turn to gray
I know the stars will start to fade when all the darkness fades away
We had to steal him from his fate so he could see another day."
And then I cracked open my box, someone must have picked the lock
A little light revealed the spot where my fingernails had fought
Then I pushed it open more, pushing up against the door
Then I sat up off the floor, and found the breath I was searching for
Then there were three men up front, all I saw were backs of heads
And then I asked  "Am I alive and well, or am I dreaming dead?"
Then one turned around to say "We're driving toward the morning sun
Where all your blood is washed away and all you did will be undone."

I said, "Don't be afraid"
I said, "Don't be afraid"
Oh, ohOne for the road, oooh oooh
One for the road, oooh oooh

From the bottom of your heart
The relegation zone
I saw this comin' from the start
The shake, rattle and roll
The cracks in blackout blinds
Cast patterns on the ceiling
But you're feeling fine
I thought it was dark outside
I thought it was dark outside

One for the road
So we all get back to yours
And you sit and talk to me on the floor
There's no need to show me 'round, baby
I feel like I've been here before
I've been wonderin' whether later
When you tell everybody to go
Will you pour me one for the road?

I knew this would be on the cards
I knew you wouldn't fold
I saw this comin' from the start
The shake, rattle and roll

One for the road
So we all get back to yours
And you sit and talk to me on the floor
There's no need to show me 'round, baby
I feel like I've been here before
I've been wonderin' whether later
When you tell everybody to go
Will you pour me one for the road?

The mixture hits you hard
Don't get that sinking feeling
Don't fall apart
Some out of tune guitar
Soundtrack to disaster
Oooh oooh, one for the road
Oooh oooh, one for the road
Oooh oooh, one for the road
Oooh oooh, one for the road

Oooh oooh
Oooh oooh
Oooh oooh
Oooh oooh

One for the road
So we all get back to yours
And you sit and talk to me on the floor
There's no need to show me 'round, baby
I feel like I've been here before
I've been wonderin' whether later
When you tell everybody to go
Will you pour me one for the road?Let's go, yeah, yeah, yeah

Crackle, that ember burns up again
Swallows first before it reaches the oil
Without doubt, bound to be swept away, yeah yeah hmm
Today’s player is coming in, with the number of offenses, yeah
When it starts to bite, boom boom boom
It becomes the neighborhood drum, boom boom boom
Nudge nudge, touching me for no reason, nudge nudge, yeah
If there's no reaction, just soak it in, splish splash, yeah
The truths may become false, the lies may become true
In this place, everyone becomes someone with perfect ethics
And perfect judgment, that’s funny

Rage? Of course you need it
When it burns up there's always a reason
Mayhaps it’s our history
Sometimes it changes the world
But this is not rage, this is excretion
Which one is rage, you know?
Pretending it's rage and killing, real rage
Fed up, the countless number of people
You’re not just killing me (you're not)
We’re used to stepping on shit (we are)
Look at those people who've grown numb (look)
Excretion, apathy, you guys are a team, yeah

I go UGH! UGH!
I go UGH! UGH!
I’m raging at the malice-filled rage
I’m raging at the malice-filled rage
I go UGH! UGH!
I go UGH! UGH!
I’m raging at the rage that had to die out
I’m raging at the rage that had to die out (yeah yeah)

Yeah, UGH! UGH! Just go UGH! UGH!
Until it all becomes ashes, yeah, go UGH! UGH!
Yeah, UGH! UGH! Just go UGH! UGH!
Until it breaks, yeah, go UGH! UGH!
I go UGH! UGH!
I go UGH! UGH!
I’m raging at the malice-filled rage
I’m raging at the rage that had to die out, hey

This world, it is taken over by rage
It seems that nobody can live without rage
Raging, again raging, and raging
Going insane, like UGH! UGH! UGH! UGH!
There are tens of thousands of reasons to be raging
Good will and evil will, all the very same
I can rage, but if there were to be damage done
To others' lives, I don't like
That’s stop, ayy
Someone gets hurt at someone's actions
Someone becomes gloomy at someone's speech and behaviour
Someone's spur of the moment becomes someone's moment
Someone's rage becomes someone's life
Damn, ptooey

I go UGH! UGH!
I go UGH! UGH!
I’m raging at the malice-filled rage
I’m raging at the rage that had to die out, hey

Ah, what the hell is there to be upset about being criticized a bit?
You earn a lot, why are you whining again?
You'd have to put up with at least that much, ahem
Ahem, ahem, ahem, ahem
Y'all, ahem, ahem, ahem, ahem
If I were the one told to do it, I would endure it all
Y'all, ahem, y'all, ahem, ahem, ahem, ahem
If I were the one, just, ahem, b-hem, ahem

I go UGH! UGH!
I go UGH! UGH!
I’m raging at the malice-filled rage
I’m raging at the malice-filled rage
I go UGH! UGH!
I go UGH! UGH!
I’m raging at the rage that had to die out
I’m raging at the rage that had to die out (yeah yeah)

Let's goUh-huh, uh-huh, baby, yeah, yeah
Cut it up, oh, oh, oh!
Uh-huh, yeah, yeah, baby, uh-huh
Uh-cracka, lacka-lacka-lacka, cracka, lacka-lacka-lacka
Uh-huh, baby, uh-huh, yeah, yeah
Uh-cracka, lacka-lacka-lacka, cracka, lacka-lacka-lacka
Baby, yeah, yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh

Ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk
Ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk

Many a day has passed, the night has gone by
But still I find the time to put that bump off in your eye
Total chaos, for these playas, thought we was absent
We takin' another route to represent the Dungeon Family
Like Great Day, me and my nigga decide to take the back way
We stabbin' every city then we headed to that Bat cave
ATL, Georgia, what do we do for ya?
Bulldoggin' hoes like them Georgetown Hoyas
Boy, you sounding silly, think my Brougham ain't sittin' pretty
Doing doughnuts 'round you suckas like them circles around titties
Damn, we, the committee, gon' burn it down
But us gon' bust you in the mouth with the chorus now, say

Ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk
Say, ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk

I met a gypsy and she hipped me to some life game
To stimulate then activate the left and right brain
Said, "Baby boy, you only funky as your last cut
You focus on the past, your ass'll be a 'has-what'"
That's one to live or either that's one to die to
I try to just throw it at you, determine your own adventure
André, got to her station, here's my destination she got off the bus The conversation lingered in my head for hours took a shower Kinda sour 'cause my favorite group ain't comin' wit it
But I'm witcha 'cause you probably goin' through it anyway
But anyhow, when in doubt, went on out and bought it
Cause I thought it would be jammin'
But examine all the flawsky-wawsky
Awfully sad and it's costly, but that's all she
Wrote and I hope I never have to float in that boat
Up shit's creek, "It's weak" is the last quote
That I wanna hear when I'm goin' down
When all's said and done and we got a new joe in town
When the record player get to skippin' and slowin' down
All y'all can say is, "Them niggas earned that crown", but until then

Ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk
Say ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk


Ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk
Say ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk

Uh-huh, uh-huh, baby, yeah, yeah
Uh-huh, yeah, yeah, baby, uh-huh
Uh-huh, baby, uh-huh, yeah, yeah
Baby, yeah, yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh
Uh-huh, uh-huh, baby, yeah, yeah
Ah ha, hush that fuss, everybody move to the back of the bus
Uh-huh, yeah, yeah, baby, uh-huh
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk
Uh-huh, baby, uh-huh, yeah, yeah
Say ah ha, hush that fuss, everybody move to the back of the bus
Baby, yeah, yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk


It's just major right here, you know what I'm saying, yo son, my niggas, your niggas is on it man, straight up man
Word man, glad we got together to do this, you know on time-outs, everybody North, South, East, West, you know what I'm saying, we doing this thing right here straight up for hip-hop
We handling the Earth right now you niggas don't even know
For sure
You know what I mean? If it wasn't for us tryna enlighten y'all niggas with all types of flows and flavors, the game wouldn't be the same
You gotta keep it innovative and new, creative. You know what I'm sayin'? Some people don't wanna hear the same thing old over and over
No doubt, you gotta come provocative nigga, know what I mean? Shit gotta be spine-tingling with mad styles and crazy dangerous, I mean, bust-ya-shit-open beats, you know what I mean? It's like yo, niggas don't even know, son, yo we gon' play some funky shit for ya
That's right
Straight up, pay up, pay up nigga
From East Point to Shaolin, y'all better know that, yeah!
Hit this HennyHallelujah, holy lion‚ word to Judas
How I'm supposed to‚ (Hey) trust what you say is the truest? (Right)
Haile Selassie‚ (Uh) insha'Allah if I gotta (Woo)
Spin my words around as if you wanted a mandala for Nirvana
Singin' a sonata towards our karma
Did a rain dance, bringin' commas from Tacoma to Oaxaca
I got spirits in my heart that make my mind move like it's water
Flow into the moment and avoid the melodrama
Gotta breathe for a second
Can't believe anybody still testin'
My whole team is a force to be reckoned with
Operatin' like specialists
One to the two to the who are you?
Sendin' out projections with prejudice
My attention to detail is in scale with classic impressionists
So the lesson is that prerequisites are irrelevant to my standards (Right)
It's a deficit in your settlement, you better learn to mind all your manners (Right)
My whole troop been goin' bananas
Try and step inside of our jungle (Right)
You can try to take all your chances
We won't help your ass if you stumble‚ nigga (Right)

Hidin' at my partner house
Couple bands'll send 'em out
'Stead of feelin' trippy, dawg
You need to help your city out
Hidin' at my partner house
Couple bands'll send 'em out
'Stead of feelin' trippy, dawg
You need to help your city out

Couple...
Couple...
Couple...
Couple bands'll‚ couple bands'll—
Couple...
Couple...
Couple bands'll send 'em out
Couple bands'll, couple bands'll—

Watch your back, (Ayy) don't leave your door cracked (Yeah, yeah)
Slither through your space and watch it all collapse (Yeah)
Watch your back, (What?) don't leave your door cracked (Woohoo)
Slither through your space and watch it all collapse (If you, if you, if you, if you, hey)

If you want a feature, we can figure it out
Want a color for your album? We can figure it out
How you not invite the boys who colored your rollout
Then you copy-paste hard work from the BH house?
I always got somethin' to say when you take food from my mouth
I begged my mommy for money until the day it ran out
They say, "We helped you when and when, now you should figure it out"
Figure it out

Hidin' at my partner house
Couple bands'll send 'em out
'Stead of feelin' trippy, dawg
You need to help your city out
Hidin' at my partner house
Couple bands'll send 'em out
'Stead of feelin' trippy, dawg
You need to help your city out

Couple...
Couple...
Couple...
Couple bands'll, couple bands'll—
Couple...
Couple...
Couple bands'll send 'em out
Couple bands'll, couple bands'll—

Waste your breath, watch the tone though
Take you to the dojo
Roll up my doja, sticky fingers
At the door, bruh, Jehovah, you ho bitch
Witness sadistic shit, will come again
Next time I take my belt off, spank you
Bad kid, bad seed, not me, got beef
I leave body, blackout from rage
Childproof my pockets, don't need the options
Romanticizing what I do if I ain't stop me
Can be off me, tread lightly

Break the law, break the law
Break the law, break the law
Break the law, break the law
Break the law

I'm tired of making a fool out of me and you
Is there anything that I can do that'll save us, baby?
Is there anybody lovin' lies and robbin' shotties
45's and still alive, and no drunk drivin'
That's how they killed my brother
(Walking with Jesus)
You know, you know better, better, better, better, better
Better, better, better, better, better, better, better, bet on it
Better bet on it, better bet on it, hey
(Walking with Jesus)
You know, you know better
Better, better, better, bet, bet on it
Bet on it, ayy, ayy, yeah
Ayy, yeah
I wanna sing, I wanna
I wanna sing, ooh
(Just tell 'em, tell 'em that)
Ah, cool
(Walking with Jesus Christ)
(Walking with the Lord)Merlyn, hopping out the vehicle, I feel like Batman
Hanging with directors, 'bout that action
So please don't stick-and-move in my direction
All I got to lose is my erection

I'm a black man with a deadly weapon
(What drug reference, huh?)
I'm a real dog, we all go to heaven
But I been tripping on the steps, and I don't think I'll make it
I'm in this big house, still, I'm suffocating

Carnival, my heart like a Supreme Phantom
Going hundred speed, blowin' steam, I throw a tantrum
Judging by my face, my eyes slit like a python
I think she might hate me for a lifetime, ay, ay
Daddy cracking red drum, blueprint for the pipeline
Going out the weather, leave my name, I'm goin' offline
I just want my shit to fit, tailored just like Tiffany
Oh, they say I'm perfect, on my back, oh, man, they killing me

Boys wanna play with my cell phone
But I don't want nobody to see what's in it
Boys wanna play with my cell phone
But I don't want nobody to see what's in it
Boys wanna play with my cell phone
(Wha-wha, aqua, for my)
But I don't want nobody to see what's in it
(Wha-wha, aqua, for my)
Boys wanna play with my cell phone
(Wha-wha, aqua, for my)
But I don't want nobody to see what's in it
(Wha-wha, aqua, for my)

White burner, black burner, I do not discriminate
I am on a pilgrimage so don't try to insinuate
Building up an instrument to aim it at the human race
Let it off in hopes that all the pain and stress disintegrates
I think you intolerant, when you do the most it's moderate
I come with that gas that'll make you think I had a doctorate
What we do provocative, I ain't no apologist
Don't step to professionals if you still move like novices

America's favorite, I do my best and they hate it
It's like I'm stuck in the matrix and I'm stuck losin' patience
While they stuck on they day shift, I hate my boyfriend's fragrance
I'm a faggot, I say it, I scream that shit like I mean it
Yeah, I'm ugly and genius
I went from nothing to sleeping on Jon's couch
To makin' people bounce at every show that's sold out
You know who I'm talkin' 'bout, with ghouls all in my dirty mouth
Boys be on that silly shit, so Billy 'bout to air 'em out

Boys wanna play with my cell phone
But I don't want nobody to see what's in it
Boys wanna play with my cell phone
But I don't want nobody to see what's in it
Boys wanna play with my cell phone
(Wha-wha, aqua, for my)
But I don't want nobody to see what's in it
(Wha-wha, aqua, for my)
Boys wanna play with my cell phone
(Wha-wha, aqua, for my)
But I don't want nobody to see what's in it
(Wha-wha, aqua, for my)You see I been waiting, waiting on that time
Feel me if you been waiting on yours
That moment... is close (Yeah!)

Tired of living day to day like everything is alright...
Just waiting on that moment
Waiting on my moment

Yeah, 2 Chainz!
Old dude met mom it was on
Then he named me over a phone, prison term
Live and learn, sippin' syrup with my vision blurred
Take this cup of reality, niggas finna err
When you start from the bottom you can see the top
So when you get to it, don't let 'em see the spot
Next thing you know you lookin' for a rent sign
Upper echelon, bitch we skip line
I remember reminiscing in the kitchen like
I wonder when the Braves gon' win it
I wonder when the Falcons gon' get here; pyrex vison
Made more than I ever made with DTP this year

Tired of livin' day to day like everything is alright
Livin like there's one thing on my mind
Just waiting on that moment
Waiting on my moment
You say you got that oh shit? Hell nah - next time that's mine
Long as I stay hustling I'm gon' shine
Just waiting on that moment
Waiting on my moment

Waitin' on my moment...
Just waiting on my moment; bad hoes I'm shonin
Time came and I owned it just like Lebron James and start ballin
When I touched the rock I cracked the block, when I pulled up in that muscle drop
With that roof off and my shoes off on you bitch niggas, RuPaul
Real nigga in my hood, who everybody gon' root for
Cause they see me come from that bottom where everybody get bodied
They told me get em, I got em, now I'm here nigga like yeah nigga
Just Rolls Royce and Bugattis and M4's this year nigga
If I don't grind, I don't shine, if I don't shine, then I don't eat
Won't eat, then I'mma starve, if I'mma starve, I pull heat
On all y'all bitch ass niggas, all y'all rich ass niggas
Cause if I dont make no money nigga, I'm gon' take yo money nigga

[Tired of livin' day to day like everything is alright
Livin like there's one thing on my mind
Just waiting on that moment
Waiting on my moment]

[Just waiting on that moment
Waiting on my moment]

Since life ain't promised tomorrow
Live it up! Live it up! Live it up!
Here before it come this far
Give it up! Give it up! Give it up!
I won't - Give it up! Give it up! Give it up!
Until I have it all, yeah!

[Tired of livin' day to day like everything is alright
Livin like there's one thing on my mind
Just waiting on that moment
Waiting on my moment]

[Just waiting on that moment
Waiting on my moment]

DJ Drama!
Y'all like that? We goneI pledge allegiance to the flag
Of the United States of America
And to the republic for which it stands
People!
One nation, under God, indivisible
It feels so good to be back!
With liberty and justice for all
Mosh with me now!

Scrutinize every word, memorize every line
I spit it once, refuel, re-energize, and rewind
I give sight to the blind, my insight through the mind
I exercise my right to express when I feel it's time
It's just all in your mind, what you interpret it as
I say to fight and you take it as "I'ma whip someone's ass"
If you don't understand, don't even bother to ask
A father who has grown up with a fatherless past
Who has blown up now to rap phenomenon that has
Or at least shows no difficulty multi-taskin'
And juggling both, perhaps mastered his craft slash
Entrepreneur, who's helped launch a few more rap acts
Who's had a few obstacles thrown his way through the last half
Of his career, typical manure, moving past that
Mr. Kiss-His-Ass-Crack, he's a class act
Rubberband Man – yeah, he just snaps back

Come along, follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need
To proceed, carry on, give me hope
Give me strength, come with me, and I won't steer you wrong
Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel, we gon' fight, we gon' charge
We gon' stomp, we gon' march through the swamp
We gon' mosh through the marsh, take us right through the doors, come on!

All the people up top, on the side and the middle
Come together, let's all form and swarm just a little
Just let it gradually build from the front to the back
All you can see is a sea of people, some white and some black
Don't matter what color, all that matters we're gathered together
To celebrate for the same cause, no matter the weather
If it rains, let it rain – yeah, the wetter the better
They ain't gon' stop us, they can't, we're stronger now more than ever
They tell us "No!" we say "Yeah!" They tell us "Stop!" we say "Go!"
Rebel with a rebel yell, raise hell, we gon' let 'em know
Stomp, push shove, mush; fuck Bush!
Until they bring our troops home, come on, just—

Come along, follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need
To proceed, carry on, give me hope
Give me strength, come with me, and I won't steer you wrong
Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel, we gon' fight, we gon' charge
We gon' stomp, we gon' march through the swamp
We gon' mosh through the marsh, take us right through the doors, come on!

Imagine it pourin', just rainin' down on us
Mosh pits outside the Oval Office
Someone's tryin' to tell us somethin', maybe this is God just
Sayin' we're responsible for this monster, this coward
That we have empowered, this is Bin Laden
Look at his head noddin', how could we allow
Somethin' like this without pumpin' our fists? Now
This is our final hour
Let me be the voice and your strength and your choice
Let me simplify the rhyme just to amplify the noise
Try to amplify it, times-it, and multiply it by six-
-Teen million people, all equal at this high pitch
Maybe we can reach Al-Qaeda through my speech
Let the President answer a higher anarchy
Strap him with an AK-47, let him go
Fight his own war, let him impress Daddy that way
No more blood for oil, we got our own battles
To fight on our own soil, no more psychological warfare
To trick us to thinkin' that we ain't loyal
If we don't serve our own country, we're patronizin' a hero
Look in his eyes, it's all lies
The stars and stripes have been swiped, washed out and wiped
And replaced with his own face, mosh now or die
If I get sniped tonight, you'll know why—‘cause I told you to fight!

Come along, follow me as I lead through the darkness
As I provide just enough spark that we need
To proceed, carry on, give me hope
Give me strength, come with me, and I won't steer you wrong
Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog
To the light at the end of the tunnel, we gon' fight, we gon' charge
We gon' stomp, we gon' march through the swamp
We gon' mosh through the marsh, take us right through the doors, come on!

And as we proceed
To mosh through this desert storm
And these closing statements
If they should argue, let us beg to differ
As we set aside our differences
And assemble our own army
To disarm this weapon of mass destruction
That we call our President, for the present
And mosh for the future of our next generation
To speak and be heard
Mr. President! Mr. Senator!
Can you guys hear us?Just a typical day in New York, you know what I'm sayin'
I'm high as fuck, yeah
Diamonds on me

Dropped out of school and bought myself a chain
I must've taught myself a million things
I'm out the trap, I can sell anything
I wish I would allow myself to hear this old dream
I pray my daughter never ever experience no train
I told her Colgate, baby you gotta keep your teeth straight

Yeah, bae, I'm flexing, ex textin' (hold on, woah I'm just textin')
Brand new 'Rari, Smith and Wesson (brand new 'Rari, woah, skrt)
Made myself a balla, want my credit, yuh
Speaking of credit, bailiff owe me, I got credit, yuh
Vrrrm, V12, y'all ain't ready at all (skrt)
Trapping B's, I'm like "hurry up and buy"
Extra Draco for my pops, 'cause his birthday 4th of July
I'm so busy it's making me feel like I'm in and out my kids' lives (hey!)

Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh (I'm the father of six babies)
Oooh (you know what I'm sayin?)
New coupe, new shoes (new coupe, brand new shoes)
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Red bottoms, I'm kicking shit, I'm flossing on you fools
(flossin' on you)
Cameltoe big, I see the print inside her suit (cameltoe)
Rose gold my jewelry up, and I'm in and out it too (in and out it)
Fuck 'em by the two and let them travel with a few (fuck 'em hoes)

All this fuckin' money got me switchin' out my boo
I'm livin' right and I ain't ever read a book
Chanel vintage, you can put it on the books
The way I whip that pot, they charging me with cruelty, ayy
Yeah, don't try to stop me, don't you try to knock me
You see me got these crackers in the backpack
You gotta forgive my heart, I don't mean to stunt like that
(I don't mean to do that to you, you know what I'm sayin')

Red bottoms on, I'm at Met Gala (I'm 'bout to spaz)
Ain't playin', yeah, I want every problem (bitch I'm 'bout to spaz)
Two thousand dollars for the newest snake collar (snake, yeah)
Vintage swagger (vintage swag), head dollar (ain't playin')
Rock clean (rock clean), Balmain (c'mon let's get it)
Vintage swag (just vintage hoe), New Celines (just want my glasses)
Hands dirty (hey), watch me turn 'em clean (clean, clean)
Lil shawty hot (magic), kerosene
I'ma kill by any means, favorite sound ching-ching
I spray her face with my genes, I'ma turn up with my team
New condo on 17th (new condo hoe)
I turn none to something (I turned nothin' to somethin')
AP match my jeans (AP), Converse is McQueen (woah)
Patek for my queen (swag), gambling for these coins
Mattress in front of the swing (uh-huh), private jet living (pussy ass nigga)
I'm on go like beam (I'm on go), new bag with no strings
I put ice in my cup, indoor pool, no chlorine

Dropped out of school and bought myself a chain
I must've taught myself a million things
I'm out the trap I can sell anything
I wish I would allow myself to hear this old dream
I pray my daughter never ever experience no train
I told her Colgate baby you gotta keep your teeth straight

Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, New coupe, new shoes (new coupe, brand new shoes)
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Red bottoms, I'm kicking shit, I'm flossing on you fools
(flossin' on you)
Cameltoe big, I see the print inside her suit (cameltoe)
Rose gold my jewelry up, and I'm in and out it too (in and out it)
Fuck 'em by the two and let them travel with a fewWho that is, hoe?
That girl is a tomboy!
That girl is a tomboy!
That girl is a tomboy!
Who that is, hoe?
That girl is a tomboy!
That girl is a tomboy!
That girl is a tomboy!
Who that is, hoe?
That girl is a tomboy!
That girl is a tomboy!
That girl is a tomboy!
Who that is, hoe?
That girl is a tomboy!
That girl is a tomboy!
That girl is a tomboy!

With my little titties and my phat belly
I could take your man if you finna let me
It's a guarantee that he won't forget me
My body little, my soul is heavy
My little titties be bookin' cities
All around the world, they be fuckin' wit' me
I'm a Calvin Klein model, come and get me
Step the resy up, don't be fuckin' with me
My little titties are so itty bitty
I go locomotive, chitty chitty, bang bang
Gold hoops and that name chain
Timb boots and like, four rings
Missy Elliott, can't stand the rain
You lames playin' the same games
Little titties, I'm so damn pretty
Staircase and a cracked philly
Little titties and a phat kitty
Big pants and some scuffed shoes
Pow-pow-pow, Blue's Clues
(Pow pow pow! Pow pow!)

With my little titties and my phat belly
My little titties and my phat belly
My little titties and my phat belly
(That girl is a tomboy)
My little titties and my phat belly
My little titties and my phat belly
My little titties and my phat belly
(That girl is a tomboy)
My little titties and my phat belly
(My little titties and my phat belly
My little titties and my phat belly)
That girl is a tomboy
That girl is a tomboy
That girl is a tomboy
Who that is, hoe?
That girl is a tomboy!
That girl is a tomboy!
That girl is a tomboy!

Who that? Who that? Who that? Princess Nokia, Baby Phat
I be where the ladies at, who know how to shake it fast
We gon' spit that brazy track, you know that I'll take it back
I'm spittin' the illest mack Yeah, hoe!
Who that? Who that? Who that? Princess Nokia, make it clap
She with it to set it back and give ya the fire track
Now watch what gon' happen next
Who that up in the North? Dennis Rodman up court
When I step up in the function it's a party, of course
I'm havin' fun with my friends and I don't want it to end
And if you finna blow my high then I'ma punch you again

With my little titties and my phat belly
My little titties and my phat belly
My little titties and my phat belly
(That girl is a tomboy)
My little titties and my phat belly
My little titties and my phat belly
My little titties and my phat belly
(That girl is a tomboy)
My little titties and my phat belly
(My little titties and my phat belly
My little titties and my phat belly)
That girl is a tomboy
That girl is a tomboy
That girl is a tomboy
Who that is, hoe?
That girl is a tomboy!
That girl is a tomboy!
That girl is a tomboy!
Yeah, hoe!

He so in love, he think it's a spell
There's levels to magic and he cannot tell
He fuck with my bruja, my pussy a spell
My toto is special, got locks like a jail
It's Polo, it's Tommy, it's Mecca, it's Nauti
I'm finna sit back and just sip on Bacardi
You come to my party, you gon' meet my army
A room full of girls and we actin' real rowdyYeah, ain't no one colder than me (Yeah)
I'm straight from the mud, I got me a plug
And now I be rollin' with Meech (Woah, woah)
You think you the shit? I think you a bitch
Now go 'head and call the police (Bitch)
These niggas a trip, your homie's a snitch
He'll probably be home in a week (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I hit up Tory and told him, "I know you don't like me but fuck it I'm over the beef" (Word)
Told 'em we could be friends, invited him over and gave him some soda and bleach (Haha)
They said, "Joyner you lost it"
I told them they soft
Now go take a stroll on the beach (Yeah)
Nigga, I get the sauce, bitch, I'm a dog
Just don't get a hold of my leash (Ruff)
Y'all niggas back to the bluffin' (Blah)
Joyner get back to the bustin' (Blah)
If I do not make a few million this year then I might just go back to the hustlin'
I got me some product and I ain't gon' hide it
I might just start trappin' in public
I might go to prison and free all my niggas
That's word to Harriet Tubman
Tired of you askin' me questions, I'm sick of it (Buh, buh)
"Why you keep shuttin' shit down on the internet? (Grra)
Why do you have so much talent and benefits?
Why you keep droppin' your album in increments?"
A.D.H.D. is a social experiment
Who pay attention the most when they hearin' it?
You cannot stop it, there's no interferin' it
This is my moment and no one is sharin' it
Nigga, I'm just gettin' started, I hit all my targets
I promise I'm very defiant (Yeah)
If I do not win the Grammy this year then I'll blow that bitch up and then everyone dyin' (Yeah)
I think all my shit is hot, if everyone think that it's not then everyone lyin'
I hope my shit doesn't flop, 'cause I'll put a gun to your head and make everyone buy it
I'm diggin' the hole you get buried inside (Woo), or you get buried in silence
The day that I die I get buried in diamonds
I'm killin' you niggas, you barely survivin' (Brrt, brrt, brrt, brrt)
I think I'm so high, I could marry a pilot
I'm Area 51 alien, I let my UFO fly in, it's scary and violent
I shut down the planet, you hearin' the sirens (Buh, buh)
I'm very excited and you shouldn't bother (Woo)
Joyner got too many problems (Word)
I told that little bitch that I'm down with a threesome as long as it's you and your mama (Yeah)
I ain't got no patience, I love to get dirty
But fuck it I'm cool with the drama (Cool)
When niggas be hatin', I tell them, "No worries my nigga, Hakuna Matata"
I don't wear Prada, just bring me a white tee (Buh)
I bust some Margiela's, I still wear the Nikes (Grra, grra)
I roll with some hitters, I know you don't like me
I shit on you niggas, now bring me some wipeys (Grra, grra)
You think I'm a killer? Well maybe I might be
I ain't got no feelings I dare you to fight me (Buh)
I'll swing with a left but I'm really a righty
Get pussy and money, it barely excites me
I'm ready, don't try me, so bow
Fuck all you pricks
You cannot harm me, I think you a bitch
You think I'm corny? I think I'm the shit
When she get horny, she tickle my dick
When I was broke, I would think like I'm rich
'Til I fucked up my credit and hit me a lick (Woo, woo, woo)
Then I got me some money to get me a crib
And then blew it on bitches from Plenty of Fish (Fuck was I thinkin'?)
I'm goin' back to the streets (Yeah)
If Freddy and Jason had babies, my nigga I promise then that would be me (Word)
Niggas all in my honey and actin' all funny, I think I'm attracted to bees
They told me that I changed, I looked in the mirror like what the fuck happened to me?
Ever since I done came up, these niggas been so in their feelings
They countin' my pockets I know that it's killin' 'em
Don't tell me you proud when you know that you jealous
The money keep pilin' I know that you smell it
You think you entitled? Well suck on a dick and I hope that you swallow
And that's how I'm feelin', put that on the Bible
Don't call me your family, you know you're my rival I do what I gotta
Now turn the fuckin' TV up, I'm in the media
And ain't nobody wanna see me up, a nigga heating up
I'm like a sickle cell anemia, I really mean it
But I'm 'bout to slow a nigga breathin' up, I think he's seen enough (Buh, buh, buh)
I go to hell, I fuck a demon up, I think I'm mean enough
To beat a nigga with Adidas 'til I fuck the sneakers up (Yeah)
I'll sucker-punch you when I'm sneakin' up
You couldn't see me but I had to hit 'em like a meteor (Boom, boom, boom)
And make 'em giddy up, to get the trunk
And I went from nothing to somethin'
I fell in love with the guns and I got a hundred and one (Brrratat)
And like every day that I'm bustin' I'm putting one in your stomach
I got 'em jumping and running, you better cover and duck (Brrratat)
And I'm not the one to be fucked with
I'm not the one that you think you could do whatever you want to (Brrratat)
There's gonna be repercussions
The enemies know what's up and I'm up at three in the mornin'
When you be sleepin' and yawnin', you know the evil be callin' (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Somebody better call the ambulance or the E-M-T (Yeah)
Nigga, I'm the bomb like T-N-T
Bet I roll up on a nigga with a G-M-C (Brrat, brrat, brrat, brrat)
Get to clappin' on 'em, end of it, the E-N-D
Call the plug, tell him that I want at least ten keys
Now I'm back in business, E-P-M-D (Woo)
Couldn't walk in my shoes with a street stampede
Can't walk this way, I Run D-M-C (Yeah, yeah)

Pack in the mail, I sit it down and it's crackin' the scale
Had to switch position from the kitchen, nigga, I was flippin' like a spatula there
Pretty Ricky with them bitches, when I'm hittin' long as a dread on spectacular hair
Here shit, light shit, white whip, open up it look like a packet of mayo
I'm back in Rodeo, fuckin' up the check and chuckin' up the set
And I'm back off the layover, pay-over way over niggas
No slumber but a nigga stay over, nigga
Your bitch is with me 'til the day-day, AK loaded up the same way
Chain swang, white person screamin' out, "Gang gang!"
Slide or kick, Jet Li or Liu K-K-Kang (Wah!)
I got a Little B, he call me based God like brring, ding, ding
Got a main dame, Audemar, and that's my main thang
Got a Rollie watch, her name Jane but she plain plain, so we call her plain Jane
Over her, I let it bang-bang like the fingers twistin' on a gang member sittin' in the chain gang
Nigga, please, I got old nigga cheese, y'all got hoe nigga knees
Can't let a faux nigga roll up, put a hole in your shit then let the ho nigga leave, man
Y'all niggas know a nigga T-O-R-Y, all my niggas got paws and they're always for the free
"O" for the fee, if a nigga throw a couple Gs, get a little nigga smoked for the free, man
1-5-0, first show, nigga, that's how I go, I was chosen with those melodies
Niggas hatin', I've been goin' up with those enemies
And the snakes keep blowin' it with those in the breeze
I'm up to no good, my boy's in the hood
With no young Jeezy, and no Jody Breezy, could blow 40 Gs
Still come back, who the fuck lookin' like the Ol' Dirty B from the Wu-Tang, nigga?
I could say nothin' on a motherfuckin' track, still go back plat' like Pootie Tang, nigga
Do your thing, nigga, hoppin' in the Mulsanne
Hotter than a blue flame lit up in the full tank, nigga
Man niggas better hide, niggas what, niggas what?
Nigga, niggas at the bottom of the food chain, nigga
Nigga so lame, can't crew hang, nigga, can't crew bang with ya, can't move a thang with ya'
See a little bad bitch walkin' down the block, but she lookin' at me 'cause your crew can't get her
I'm a dominator, moderator
Pass your chick like hot potato
Police non-cooperator
I won't tolerate a bitch that's talkin' crazy, not me, lil' nigga
I be on the beach with the sea, lil' nigga
I been triplin' up the doubles and threes, lil' nigga
Livin' it up with the women up in Vis, lil' nigga
Give it up all my niggas is tuckin', I hope a nigga's duckin'
I been drippin' and drippin' like a nigga's tippin' the bucket
I been whippin' these bitches and stickin' out my dick in public
They be lickin' a nigga to get to familiar fuckin'
I be fuckin' these women in ten-percent'd tinted windows
And I'm yellin' and tellin' I gotta get it, get to steppin'
I'm reppin' Umbrella forever, my niggas in abundance
I'm fly as propellers, you jealous
And if a nigga comin', I'm eatin' these niggas like ketchup and relish on a bun
I got the money to fund the wonders of what I wanted
And when I want it, I wanna feel like you can't front on it
I got your ex-chick and your next chick on a pole in my livin' room floor tryin' to dance all on it
As long as I can put my hands all on her, she said: "Handstand, a handstand'' and landed on it
I said damn, had to put it in her head, I ain't droppin' no bread
This is not that Gretel and the Hansel story
Got a Coupe full of hoes and the hose in the Coupe
To the Lamborghini doors to the floors and the roof
When I'm goin' in the booth, I'm exposin' the globe to the truth
They be knowin', I be showin' up with proof
Any faux nigga, any ho nigga, any low Joe Schmoe nigga better know
When I unload Get Low, Get Low, Get Low like Lil' Jon and the Eastside Boyz, nigga
And my lil' bitch type thick, uh
Neck is freezy as a ice-pick, uh
Out of sect just like a high kick, uh
Niggas gonna copy my style like a right click
All of my dogs'll kill you like Mike Vick
Light that pistol, put that boy in a Heimlich
I was handin' them Ls to Joyner and Don for comin' out actin' too lightskin
Nigga, I'm back in the Bentley, applyin' the pressure
Spittin' bunch of flyin' and firin' embers
So fuckin' hot, you'd think I died in the desert
Came back to fuck up your entire endeavor
You tryin' me? Never; your squad will get shot if ya try and be clever
My diamonds forever, designin' and linin' a bed up
Then give 'em a choice: which one you want die with, the .9 or Beretta?
I'm sorry for being intolerant, I got this violent temper
I like when I'm cold, I shoot a nigga, make him die in December
You been a bitch, as long as I can remember
You sayin' that you're gang, them niggas keep talkin'
I promise I'll silence your members then quiet your temple
While firing bullets that fly at your mental and pry at your denim
I'll hire somebody to fire the jet up then get up and send a shooter that'll fly if you rattle
I promise I'm high on momentum
Might think it's a setup, but find me a nigga
Might line that nigga for the paper
Let the hitter get to foldin', origami the nigga
The Louie luggage bustin' down on ya nigga
But true we thuggin', no insomnia, nigga
I'm really a top 3...

Man, hold on, I'm just rappin' too much, man, fuck this shitDancing in my underpants
I'm gonna run for government
I'm gonna form a covers band anorl (stop)
Back there by the baby grand, did Mr. Winter Wonderland say
"Come 'ere, kid, we really need to talk"?
Bear with me, man, I lost my train of thought

I fantasise, I call it quits, I swim with the economists
And I get to the bottom of it for good
By the time reality hits, the chimes of freedom fell to bits
The shining city on the fritz
They come out of the cracks, thirsty for blood (stop)

Oh, just as the apocalypse finally gets prioritised
And you cry some of the hottest tears you ever cried
Multiplied by five
I suppose a singer must die

"Singsong 'Round the Money Tree"
This stunning documentary that no one else unfortunately saw
Such beautiful photography, it's worth it for the opening scene
I've been driving 'round listening to the score
Or maybe I just imagined it all
I've played to quiet rooms like this before
Bear with me, man, I lost my train of thoughtTsunami warning

You the one that's tryna keep your business low-key, huh? (huh?)
You the one that's having your main nigga, can't get no sleep, huh? (Sleep, hey)
You the one who walk around on fleek, huh? (Fleek)
You the one that started from the bottom but you've reached your peak, huh? (Peak, peak)
You taught her how to swallow with no teeth, huh?
Make them dollars out the street, huh? (Cash)
Baddest bitch you ever seen, huh? (Bad)
You the one who split the guap with your team, huh? (Split it)
You the one who drink a lotta codeine, huh? (Drank)
Ayy, ayy I like this shit, this shit take me back to the '99, 2000

Ayy, ayy, I got shorties out tryna find me, that look
Slipping through the cracks 'cause I'm slimy, I slipped
Chain wetter than a river you could cry me
Quick to Timberlake a bitch, now she despise me, I swear
I just let the money energize me
Nigga, you was in your 20s in the '90s, yeah
I just order Phantoms off the website
They ask how I want the shit, I say, "Surprise me"
Ayy, yeah, look
She wanna hang when the album drop, that's timely
Ayy, got a present for my oppers, word to Smiley
I know her man, gotta move her from beside me I swear

She got ice in all her veins (All the ice)
She gon' change worrying about the wrong things (Wrong thing)
If the paparazzi catch her, she'll be famous (Flash)
Got to move low-key with the gangsters
Do what you do girl, flex with your gang (Flex)
Let's call the boys up (BM) Lambos gon' swing (Skrrt)
Who that making noise? (Who?) Gang-Gang (Who?)
Got a new crib, with a shooting range, get a professional aim (pow)
You was up, now you fell off (Hey)
Then you pull up, all cap better knock it off (Cap)
I might get caught with my side bitch (Gang)
'Cause I put my main bitch in the cockpit

Bad bitches and they lit (Woo)
I just told 'em, "Flip the switch" (Flip it)
Gang 'round, with the shits (Switch it)
I just told 'em, "Flip the switch" (Hey)
(Flip it, flip it, flip it, flip it)
Switch it
(Flip it, flip it, flip it, flip it)
Flip that ho switch
(Flip it!)

You the one that's tryna keep your business low-key, huh? (Huh?)
You the one that's having your main nigga, can't get no sleep, huh? (Sleep, hey)
You the one who walk around on fleek, huh? (Fleek)
You the one that started from the bottom but you reached your peak, huh? (Peak, peak)
You taught her how to swallow with no teeth, huh?
Make them dollars out the street, huh? (Cash)
Baddest bitch you ever seen, huh? (Bad)
You the one who split the guap with your team, huh? (Split it)
You the one who drink a lotta codeine, huh? (Drank)Satisfy
Satisfy
Yeah yeah, yeah
Satisfy this hung-you
Sinatra
Big Pepe
Satisfy
Oh, you got the studio shoutout
Satisfy
You feelin' good about yourself right now, huh?
Satisfy this hung-you (6ix)

Hold up let me get up in it now
Bitch, I'm here to win it now
L-O-G-I-C, I'm feeling free, I'm finna bring it now
If you know the words, take a step back and sing it now
Never thought I'd have to, but I keep the windows tinted now
Like, la-di-da-di, who got the keys to my Audi?
Last time I said, it went viral, I don't fuck with nobody
And I don't fuck with you, you, them, her and him too
'Cause don't none of y'all know a fucking thing 'bout what I been through
And all that superficial shit you love I'm just not into
And when it comes to gettin' deep in this rap shit I've been to
Like the pussy, don't push me
I ain't no killer, but you know the rest
You think I caught the holy spirit how I'm feelin' blessed
Ain't no contest at all this wack shit, it just ain't no test
Step and get laid to rest, boy, step and get laid to rest
It ain't no "S" on my chest but I'm still gunnin'
While half of these motherfuckers still runnin'
I've earned everything I've attained and they steal from him
Like goddamn, I'm the motherfuckin' man
Used to call you a hater, you a motherfuckin' stan
Ain't nobody built himself a brand like me
I ain't signed a shoe deal 'cause I'm waitin' for Nike
To recognize all these youngins wanna be just like me
Cut the check for twenty million right now and we might see
Everybody rockin' my kicks, preachin' positivity
I get up, I get up

I get up, when I'm down, had enough, almost drowned
When shit rough I get tough and when I'm beaten to the ground
I get up, I get up
I get up, uh, uh, I get up, uh, uh
I get up, when I'm down, had enough, almost drowned
When shit rough I get tough and when I'm beaten to the ground
I get up, I get up
I get up, uh, uh, I get up, uh, uh
I get up

Never address me as "Robert" 'less it's 'bout that Dinero
Far from a hero, I ain't never saved my hoes
I'm not defined by these clothes, and zeros
It don't matter if you got six dollars or six figures on the creep
'Cause in the end we all six feet deep
Meanwhile, I'll be immortalized on this 6ix beat
Flashbacks of havin' visions way back in G'Burg
Every single one of my homies and me work
Cuttin' had to get up out it, make a hit, forget about it
Youngin' wit' a dream but nobody gave a shit about it
Ten years later, pick up a pen, write a hit about it
And back then I thought I'd be defined by how good I rhyme
Not like these rappers with shit flows, but look good online
Not made to feel bad for speakin' bout this shit on my mind
Or called a faggot, a nigger, a cracker who wish he was blacker
I wish I could face my homophobic, racist attacker
And smack the shit outta they ass as peaceful as possible
It's highly improbable, it's stoppable
But still, way too many people feel how I feel
That's on the real, on the real, on the motherfuckin' real

I get up, when I'm down, had enough, almost drowned
When shit rough I get tough and when I'm beaten to the ground
I get up, I get up
I get up, uh, uh, I get up, uh, uh
I get up, when I'm down, had enough, almost drowned
When shit rough I get tough and when I'm beaten to the ground
I get up, I get up
I get up, uh, uh, I get up, uh, uh

Ayo motherfucker, Trump, said that shit on my last album but you wasn't tappin' in
Fuck a mumble let's make America rap again
Industry don't give a fuck about rap or what's happenin'
Fuck a hypebeast, bitch, now who seein' me?
Nobody reports the music, this shit, this rap TMZ
Nowadays everyone divided, so I collided with headlines
Preach that, go 'head boy now preach that
Wash my hands of this negativity, word to Three Stacks
So fresh, so clean, who the illest on the scene?
Wu-Tang, get the cream, Sinatra gon' reign supreme
Open your mental, get out your feelin's like dental
This shit is consequential, lightin' a fire to the game
Can you rappers feel the flame? Nah, this shit won't be the same
Fuck a rap beef, I promise I want all of y'all to prosper
But deep down you know it's only gon' be one Mufasa
I'm the king, fuck the bling, but just might make you kiss the ring
All these rappers I came up on, I surpassed, I know it sting now
Don't try to twist my words and turn that into some shit
I love all you motherfuckers, just want to hear you spit
Dropped my last shit, the whole wide world applauded it
Game still ain't give me my credits, so I'ma audit it
I'm heartless like Kanye in '08
Yeah, that's word to NO I.D, now they all know who I be
I'm callin' out Jay-Z to jump up on the track with me and smack the whole industry
Show 'em what that real rap do
The ball's in your court, Hov, I hope to hear from Guru, woo!Walking outside labyrinthian
Over cracks along under the trees
I know this town grounded in a compass
Cardinal landing in the dogwood
I keep going over it over and over
My steps iterate my shame
How come every outcome's such a comedown?
Lately afternoon with the shades drawn down
I kept saying I just wanted to see you
Saying, "What's wrong with that?"
Needles shaking outlines in a compass
Every outcome's such a comedown

I knew it when I saw it
So I did just what I wanted
So I go through with this
I knew happiness when I saw it
I saw your boyfriend at the Port Authority
That's a sort of fucked up place
Well so I averted my stride on a quick one
He's coming back from going over to your place, huh?
I feel like I could forget about it
I feel like I could mellow out
I don't feel undone in a big way
There's nothing really bad to be upset about
But when I thought I was getting better
I woke up on the ground
An appointment or disappointment
A setback, oh, another comedown

As if I needed a reminder
Oh, I do only what I want to
So I go through with this
Walking out in the nighttime springtime
Needling my way home
I saw Leah on the bus a few months ago
I saw some old friends at her funeral
My steps keep splitting my grief
Through these solipsistic moods
I should call my parents when I think of them
Should tell my friends when I love them
Maybe I should have gone out a bit more
When you guys were still in town
I got too caught up in my own shit
It's how every outcome's such a comedown

And I knew it when I saw it
Oh, I did just what I wanted
So I go through with this
I knew happiness when I saw itThis is madness (madness)
This is an outrage! (an outrage)
As a matter of fact, this is outrageous! (outrageous)
Hahahah, yeah

Young sire, slap the fuck out Jon Cryer
Rough rider, raw bust inside a vagina
Like I want kids, my head continues to be haunted
I burn a city down while I'm unconscious
Maybe gon' take some quaaludes, conversate with Jesús
Batting practice with the mothafuckin' ghost of Babe Ruth
Do as a saint do, turn painful to graceful
Devil on my trails, I'm trying to find the Holy Grail
(Coughs repeatedly) Right there
And if Mars is the farthest that man has set his target
Then I don't know why I even started
I'm sick of being too nice to people who don't do shit but consume light
Told myself, "Fuck the world kid, just do what you like
Go and have a food fight, start yourself a new life
You're too bright to be inside a bunch of mediocrity
But all those big words ain't gon' get you paid
And those abstract ideas for sure won't get you laid
You got it made in that mad house
What the fuck you got to be sad 'bout? Go 'head and rap now
Do what you do best
I mean, that's what you do best
Matter fact mothafucka, you a suit vest, you need to buy a new dress
I heard you and your girl live in a duplex
I'ma put her ass in a suplex, the sun east, the moon west
You got a clue, what does a clue get? Nothing"

My milk and honey, my chérie-chérie amore
My Cinderella in her carriage by the doorway
Her ruby slipper made the wizard send the scarecrow
And the lion through the forest
To the Wicked Witch's fortress where she scorched them in the foreplay
Remember that? He said he'd fight the box to see the wizard
When he was visited by Dorothy who came here on a blizzard
Now the whole world's in color, still
How Auntie Em was next of kin but not her mother, real
Her face was careworn, I suspected she migrated to Kansas up from Dearborn
And had beef with Mrs. Gulch from the very beginning of year one
Mr. Candyman, the parables parabolic
The poetry's like the poems and psalms of Ecclesiastes
Lightning should strike the stone and then Moses should make a tablet
The Judge will bang the wood up in parliament with the mallet
And yell "Hear hear", finally some order to this rap shit
Finally some sort of water to soil these cracked lips
I keep my shit crispy and elegant
So miss me with the irrelevant, the god body is heaven-sent
The hard-body is reverence, since the son of Byford
Brother of Fal, every rhyme's halal
Every line is kosher, livin' la vida loca
Shout out to Tony Toca, we ballin' like we suppose to...Watch your back, watch your back
Watch your back, watch your back
We can counter their attack
Hit 'em 'til the armor cracks

This could get a little sticky
How to win this battle could be tricky
But I know the best way, fall back, let me lead
You hold the line and we'll bring them to their knees
Swords in the air if you're with me
They got us outnumbered one to fifty
But victory is ours 'cause I got a strategy
You take the left and the rest of you can follow me (Uh-uh)
This is my crew
This is my squad
This is my turf
Oh my gosh
Look, guys, we've got bigger fish to fry
Put your differences aside
'Cause right now we're on the same side

Until the night falls, everyone
We'll stay together 'til the battle is done
Watch your back, watch your back
Watch your back, watch your back
We can counter their attack
Hit 'em 'til the armor cracks
Until the night falls, we're aligned
It doesn't mean that we're on the same side
Watch your back, watch your back
Watch your back, watch your back
Hit 'em hard and hit 'em fast
They're too heavy to react

This situation's getting kinda heavy
Hold your weapons tight, keep 'em steady
'Cause if we stick together, we can make it out alive
I'll cause a distraction, you attack them from the side
All my soldiers stand at the ready
We can cut 'em up like confetti
We'll hit 'em from the front, you counter from behind
Don't forget the fate of Auradon's on the line

This is all-out war, they got us outnumbered
The way the swords clash is the sound of the thunder
And we are not going under, we will never run for cover
We battle for the victory and ride for each other

Until the night falls, everyone
We'll stay together 'til the battle is done
Back to back, back to back
Back to back, back to back
We can counter their attack
Hit 'em 'til the armor cracks
Until the night falls, we're aligned
It doesn't mean that we're on the same side
Back to back, back to back
Back to back, back to back
Hit 'em hard and hit 'em fast
They're too heavy to react

Suit of armor strong and true
Make this metal bust a move!

Until the night falls, you can trust
I'm gonna help you win this battle because
I got your back, got your back
Got your back, got your back
All for one and that's a fact
Knights fall, pitch blackWe're broken people now
We're burning out
So cold and bleeding now, now, now
Gonna let you down
We're broken people now
We're broken people now

Tell me I won't ever be nothin', ain't that somethin'?
I've risen from the bottom
I got 'em eyes on the prize and inside 'em
Damn right I overcame, y'all know the name
We similar but never been the same
Everybody, yeah they know the name
Right now, we'll make it some how
We'll make it some way
Yeah you know we gon' get it today like
I'm all on my own now
I won't ever let you down
Won't let you down down down

Yes I've been through it
They know I do it for the people
I'm fighting so we be equal
For my son and my sequel
And anybody who listenin'
In they system like venom
I get in 'em and spread visciously
This is me

We're broken people now
We're burning out
So cold and bleeding now, now, now
Gonna let you down
We're broken people now

We back at it
Young Logic, the rap addict
Giving it every part of myself on the real you would think that I'd be asthmatic
Allergic to your bullshit, yeah that's right I done had it
Real all the time, if you rep it get it tatted right now
This right here a vibe right now
I am too alive right now
I'm alive right now
Come on feel the vibe right now
Feel the vibe
Feel the vibe
Feel the, feel the, feel, feel the, feel the vibe

Yes I've been through it
They know I do it for the people
I'm fighting so we be equal
For my son and my sequel
And anybody who listenin'
In they system like venom
I get in 'em and spread viciously
This is me

We're broken people now
We're burning out
So cold and bleeding now, now, now
Gonna let you down

Broken we ain't beaten
There's no glory in defeat
We won't fall into the cracks between our streets
We're broken people now
We're broken people now

We're broken people now
We're burning out
So cold and bleeding now, now, now
Gonna let you down
We're broken people nowYeah, turn the lights on
Yeah, turn the lights on
Yeah, turn the lights on
Turn the lights on

These hoes be acting up, these hoes be acting up
These hoes be acting up, and these niggas be letting 'em
These hoes be acting up, these hoes be acting up
These hoes be acting up (Maybach) and these niggas be letting 'em

These hoes be acting up
And these niggas be letting 'em
I crushed them hoes, I never loved them hoes
And these niggas be sweating 'em
Cause I run shit, like Edgerrin
Or better yet, like Rev and them
And on the bottom of my sneaks they red, man
And I ain't talking 'bout no damn Meth and them
Stay Louis Vuitton and I super grind
VS stones, they super shine
I pop a Perc, I get super high
And I drill your bitch, root canal
I rock Tom Ford, Concords
And I shine on these dime whores
This bitch done bought me a Rolex
And I still ain't got no time for her
These hoes be acting up
These niggas be acting tough
I'm in the Phantom, I'm backing up
And I'm bust down but I'm strapped as fuck
So hold your horses, Polo horses
Aston Martin, we roll in Royces
Real niggas up in the building
Them hoes choose us, ain't no more choices

These hoes be acting up, these hoes be acting up
These hoes be acting up, and these niggas be letting 'em
These hoes be acting up, these hoes be acting up
These hoes be acting up, and these niggas be letting 'em
These niggas be letting 'em, these niggas be letting 'em
These niggas be letting 'em, and me, I don't be sweating 'em
These hoes be acting up, these hoes be acting up
These hoes be acting up, and these niggas be letting 'em, yeah

These hoes be acting up
See, me, I don't practice much
Gold albums from the word of mouth
Gold bottles in the back of us
These Jones be broke as fuck
Too uptight, they won't open up
She got her arms folded even on the phone
I'm like what the fuck is she here for?
These hoes be acting up
These niggas keep wifing them
Please homie, got me cracking up
Never spent one more than a night with her
These hoes be a fucking joke
They'll never say a nigga didn't warn you though
Cause you can hit my phone like four in the morning
And I be like, hah, I told you so, word

These hoes be acting up, these hoes be acting up
These hoes be acting up, and these niggas be letting 'em
These hoes be acting up, these hoes be acting up
These hoes be acting up, and these niggas be letting 'em
These niggas be letting 'em, these niggas be letting 'em
These niggas be letting 'em, and me, I don't be sweating 'em
These hoes be acting up, these hoes be acting up
These hoes be acting up, and these niggas be letting 'em, yeah

These hoes be acting up
Big bread we racking up
Straight to the bank, cee-lo
Cancel that bitch like Nino
Ratchet ass ho, don't play with me
Want to Kobe me, want to Humphrey me
Want to Michael me, Russell me
Take me to the bank and Tiger me
Now these hoes be acting up
These clothes ten stacks and up
These cars 100 racks and up
These drums 100 rounds and up
Bitch, blow me, like a, trumpet
Twenty, thousand, all in, hundreds
Fuck it, money, money, money
Money, money, money (ah!) hah

These hoes be acting up, these hoes be acting up
These hoes be acting up, and these niggas be letting 'em
These hoes be acting up, these hoes be acting up
These hoes be acting up, and these niggas be letting 'em
These niggas be letting 'em, these niggas be letting 'em
These niggas be letting 'em, and me, I don't be sweating 'em
These hoes be acting up, these hoes be acting up
These hoes be acting up, and these niggas be letting 'em, yeahWhat it do, baby boo?
Yeah, lil' mama, you lookin' good
I see you wanna play wit a player from the hood
Come holla at me, you got it like that
Big Snoop Dogg with the lead Pussycat
I show you how it go down, yeah, I wanna throw down
Me and you one-on-one, treat it like a showdown
You look at me and I look at you
I'm reachin' for your shirt, whatchu want me to do?

I'm telling you to loosen up my buttons, babe (Uh-huh!)
But you keep fronting, uh
Sayin' what you gon' do to me (Uh-huh!)
But I ain't seen nothing
I'm telling you to loosen up my buttons, babe (Uh-huh!)
But you keep fronting, uh
Sayin' what you gon' do to me (Uh-huh!)
But I ain't seen nothing

Typical and hardly the type I fall for
I like when the physical
Don't leave me asking for more
I'm a sexy mama (Mama)
Who knows just how to get what I wanna (Wanna)
What I wanna do is spring this on ya (On ya)
Back up all of the things that I told ya (Told ya, told ya, told ya)
You been sayin' all the right things all night long
But I can't seem to get you over here to help take this off

Baby, can't you see (See)
How these clothes are fitting on me (Me)
And the heat coming from this beat? (Beat)
I'm about to blow, I don't think you know

I'm telling you to loosen up my buttons, babe (Uh-huh!)
But you keep fronting, uh
Sayin' what you gon' do to me (Uh-huh!)
But I ain't seen nothing
I'm telling you to loosen up my buttons, babe (Uh-huh!)
But you keep fronting, uh
Sayin' what you gon' do to me (Uh-huh!)
But I ain't seen nothing

You say you're a big boy, but I can't agree
'Cause the love you said you had ain't been put on me
I wonder (Wonder) if I'm just too much for you
Wonder (Wonder) if my kiss don't make you just
Wonder (Wonder), what I got next for you
What you wanna do? (Do)
Take the chance to recognize that this could be yours
I can see just like most guys that your game don't please

Baby, can't you see (See)
How these clothes are fitting on me (Me)
And the heat coming from this beat? (Beat)
I'm about to blow, I don't think you know

I'm telling you to loosen up my buttons, babe (Uh-huh!) (Oh whoa)
But you keep fronting, uh
Sayin' what you gon' do to me (Uh-huh!) (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
But I ain't seen nothing
I'm telling you to loosen up my buttons, babe (Uh-huh!)
But you keep fronting, uh
Sayin' what you gon' do to me (Uh-huh!)
But I ain't seen nothing

Now you can get what you want, but I need what I need
Now let me tell you what's crackalackin' 'fore I proceed
I'mma show you where to put it at
PCD on me, yeah, I thought I saw a pussycat
Now roll with the big dog, all six of y'all on me
Now tell me how it feel, babydoll
Ashley, Nicole, Carmit, Jessica, Kimberley, Melody, you tellin' me?

Loosen up my buttons, babe
Loosen up my buttons, babe
Baby, won't you loosen up my buttons, babe?
Loosen up my buttons, babe
Come on baby, loosen up my buttons, babe
Loosen up my buttons, babe
Baby, won't you loosen up my buttons, babe?
Loosen up my buttons, babe

I'm telling you to loosen up my buttons, babe (Uh-huh!)
But you keep fronting, uh
Sayin' what you gon' do to me (Uh-huh!)
But I ain't seen nothing
I'm telling you to loosen up my buttons, babe (Uh-huh!)
But you keep fronting, uh
Sayin' what you gon' do to me (Uh-huh!)
But I ain't seen nothing (Oh, oh, oh)
I'm telling you to loosen up my buttons, babe (Uh-huh!)
But you keep fronting, uh (Oh...)
Sayin' what you gon' do to me (Uh-huh!)
But I ain't seen nothing
I'm telling you to loosen up my buttons, babe (Uh-huh!) (Oh)
But you keep fronting, uh
Sayin' what you gon' do to me (Uh-huh!)
But I ain't seen nothingOPENING THEME
Stick a pony in me pocket
I'll fetch the suitcase from the van
'Cos if you want the best ones
But you don't ask questions
Then brother, I'm your man
Cause where it all comes from is a mystery,
It's like the changing of the seasons
And the tides of the sea
But here's the one that's driving me berserk:
Why do only fools and horses work?
CLOSING THEME
We've got some
Half price cracked ice
And miles and miles of carpet tiles
TVs
Deep freeze
And David Bowie LPs.
Ball games
Gold chains,
What's-names
Pictures frames
And leather goods
And Trevor Francis track suits.
From a mush in Shepherds Bush
No income tax, no VAT
No money back, no guarantee
Black or white, rich or poor
We'll cut prices at a stroke
God bless Hooky Street
Viva Hooky Street
Long live Hooky Street
C'est magnifique, Hooky Street
Magnifique, Hooky StreetYeah
I'm a gangbangin', chain swingin', chopper totin', Zone 6 nigga (Hey)
Pyrex whippa (Pyrex)
Louis V slippers (Drip)
Saint Laurent pistol (Ayy)

Gucci on my pickle (Guwop), nut right on her nipple (Ugh)
Young nigga with them Ms (Young nigga), I get disrespectful (Hey)
Treat y'all hoes the same (Yeah), none of y'all bitches ain't special (Nah)
Keep your mouth closed little bitch, I might bless you (Shh)
If Young Metro don't trust you I'm gon' shoot you (You dig?)

Bentayga with the backseat table, yeah, yeah
Ain't no limit on the debit, I got paper, yeah, yeah
Don't be calling me your brother, you a hater
Got them stones on my neck, nigga flooded out
Hurricane Irma on my neck, nigga flooded out
Hurricane Harvey on my wrist, shit flooded out
Nigga flooded out, VVSs flooded out
Hit the booty club, nigga, and we flooded out
Take a project bitch and get her flooded out
You can build a bear, fuck it, I'm finna build a thot
Yeah, ice on a nigga now it's lights out
Nigga, bad back, I'm finna put a pipe out
Got that 40 with the dick, nigga, right now
Ass was flat in middle school but it's right now
I was robbing but I'm fucking with the mic now
I done growed up, nigga
I done sold dust, nigga
Carbon 1 5 turn you to a cold cut, nigga
Say you want a pint, I'm flexing with the Robituss', nigga
Put a bomb in my pockets, they done blowed up, nigga

I'm a Northside nigga (Hey)
I don't switch sides, nigga (Nah)
Got that .45, nigga (Bam)
I'm a certified nigga (Hey)
Had the skeleton, 41 (Skelly)
That's a big size difference
Richard Mille yeah, one-on-one
That was a wise investment (Woo)
We always going private (Private)
Always getting a profit (Bag)
Look at this glass I'm cracking (Look at this)
Told her go down, get sloppy (Ooh)
Big on big, don't size it (Big on)
Birds that sing like The Isleys (Brr)
I had to find, surprised him (Find)
I fired him up like Dhalsim (Brr-brr)
Yeah, check out my record (Yeah)
10K for the Chrome Hearts buckle (Yeah, yeah)
I got a thing on my bezel (Yeah)
I'm drinking codeine for breakfast (Whoo, whoo)
I get you whacked, I don't even call
I don't even text (I get you whacked)
You know I'ma dog
You know I'ma handle it when I got pressure (Rrr)
I'm fucking your broad, I tell her to shut up, I give her no extras (Smash)
No trespassing, mansion is gated
You not on the guest list (No)
I don't do beef with a peasant
They too quick to tell it (Tell it, 12)
Fuck all them niggas they jealous
Fuck it, we bigger than Elvis

Gucci on my pickle (Guwop), nut right on her nipple (Ugh)
Young nigga with them Ms (Young nigga), I get disrespectful (Hey)
Treat y'all hoes the same (Yeah), none of y'all bitches ain't special (Nah)
Keep your mouth closed little bitch, I might bless you (Shh)
Gucci on my pickle (Guwop), nut right on her nipple (Ugh)
Young nigga with them Ms (Young nigga), I get disrespectful (Hey)
Treat y'all hoes the same (Yeah), none of y'all bitches ain't special (Nah)
Keep your mouth closed little bitch, I might bless you (Shh)I'm a feminine Eminem, a slim shady lady
But nice, 'cause I texted Haiti
90 lady cops in the road
And I'm arrested for doing eighty
Like Hamlet, all about "words, words, words"
Divide a whole into thirds, thirds, thirds
I'm a gay sea otter:
I blow other dudes out of the water
I'm the man muffin, diving, muffin'
Cold and fly like an arctic puffin
Puffing whacky tobaccy
Hating other rappers like I'm Helga Pataki
And I've been rocking this mic before electricity
Way back in 1000 BCE -
That's before the common era
I can't be stopped
Flow so sick that it should be mopped up
Chick's got a dixie cup
I gotta dick full of helium; I'll fuck you up
A boy, a girl, a middle aged bitch
Botox in the third person
I give the perspective a switch and
Bo talks in the third person
Just relax; if you wanna know me, here's two facts

I hate catchy choruses and I'm a hypocrite
Hungry hungry hippo-crite
I hate catchy choruses and I'm a hypocrite

Met a girl named Macy, had sex with her all day
But she was dyslexic, so I ended up doing the YMCA
We balling, Asian, Wii bowling,
Prostate cancer semi-colon
Find that hole like I'm Stephen Hawking
Atticus Finch, killing, mocking
Cry like a child would
You raped my childhood
Just stroll in, roll in your pole into Rolie Polie Olie's colon
To relax my mind
I take a walk by the clock and I pass the time and
Rhyming, mathematical timing
Syntax impacts the intact hymen
I'm an internet provider
Came from the web like a horny spider
Fucked a girl in an apple orchard
Then came inside her
I thought AIDS was a butt virus
Like conjunction junction conjunctivitis
I spit gold bars 'cause I was
Molested by my uncle Midas
Gay dads blow pops, another sucker
Oedipus was the first motherfucker

I hate catchy choruses and I'm a hypocrite
Hungry hungry hippo-crite
I hate catchy choruses and I'm a hypocrite

We the people of the USA
José, we're not talking to you, esé
We got a border in order to keep you out
It's what my NYU essay's about
'Cause we're, xenophobic warrior princess
Molested by my Uncle Sam, is that incest?
"I WANT YOU" to smell my finger
Does my nephew's scent still linger?
South of queers, north of hell
The queer ones suck and the brown ones smell
We guard the border and we guard it well
But some slip through the cracks of the liberty bell
Did I say liberty? I meant taco
Paco, hey I better let that rock go
'Cause in real life Goliath wins
And then sells all the silk that the widow spins
One more time!

I hate catchy choruses and I'm a hypocrite
Hungry hungry hippo-crite
I hate catchy choruses and I'm a hypocrite

Bitches and hoes, Bo's hoes, oh
Bitches and hoes, bitches, hoes
Bitches and hoes don't exist
Because the hoes know Bo's a feminist
Bitches and hoes don't exist
Because the hoes know Bo's a feminist
So take off your bras and burn 'em
Or you can let me burn 'em
Take off your bras and burn 'em
Or you can let Bo Burnham burn 'emCook that shit up, Quay
It's Baby
4 Pockets
Yeah that's my dawg, yeah

Yeah that's my dawg for sure
Yeah that's my dawg
Yeah that's my dawg for sure
Yeah that's my dawg
Me and my dawg
We gave 'em two in a row
Me and my dawg
We gave 'em two in a row
Deja keep on callin'
She say she ready to pull up
As soon as I get there, walk in
I'ma put her in a full nelson
I'm on my way, I'm goin' fast, I'm comin' home to get you
I'm on my way, I'm goin' fast, I'm comin' home to get you

Quarter million dollars on the Benz
I paid half a million for the coupe
Then I gave a whole ten to my mans
That's my dawg so I know he gon' shoot (Shoot)
That's my dawg, nigga who you? (Roof)
Eat 'em up, call that dog food
Name one spot we ain't ran through (Spot)
Piss in the trap, that's what dogs do
My bitch keep callin' my phone
When I pull up home I put her in a figure four
I got a trap bitch, tat on her ass, and it say Huncho
I give her the bag and she movin' fast, she not comin' home no more
I put your ho on a string for real, she come back like yo-yo
We hit 'em three in a row (Smash)
Ice on her neck too froze
That's my dawg for sure (Dawg)
My dawg be strapped to a pole (Strap)
No internet blog, no no
No tweets in the streets (No tweets in the streets)
Niggas can't be beat (No, can't beat)
So I iced the Phillipe (Iced it)

Yeah that's my dawg for sure
Yeah that's my dawg
Yeah that's my dawg for sure
Yeah that's my dawg (My dawg)
Me and my dawg
We gave 'em two in a row (Smash)
Me and my dawg
We gave 'em two in a row (My dawg)
Deja keep on callin'
She say she ready to pull up
As soon as I get there, walk in
I'ma put her in a full nelson
I'm on my way, I'm goin' fast, I'm comin' home to get you
I'm on my way, I'm goin' fast, I'm comin' home to get you

Soon's a nigga walk through the door
Put her ass in a figure four
Bust a nut then poured a four
Pulled off, made her serve at the store
Niggas throwin' shots, tryna get to me
I ain't really into Twitter beef
I'ma catch up with you in the streets
I'm tryna run up my M's for real
I'm tryna run up my M's
It ain't no talkin', ain't no debatin'
Bust on 'em soon as I see 'em
I did a show and turned up that bitch with a pocket rocket in my Timb'
Haters, I don't even see 'em
Cash money like I'm Slim
Get your weight up like the gym
Shawty constantly hittin' up the phone
Sendin' texts, talkin' 'bout I'm wrong
Yeah I'm on my way, but I can't stay
I gotta go home to bae
I can't be fuckin' these hoes in the city
'Cause they can't stay in they place
Lil bitch thought she was somewhere outer space
When she looked at the roof in the Wraith

Yeah that's my dawg for sure
Yeah that's my dawg
Yeah that's my dawg for sure
Yeah that's my dawg
Me and my dawg
We gave 'em two in a row
Me and my dawg
We gave 'em two in a row
Deja keep on callin'
She say she ready to pull up
As soon as I get there, walk in
I'ma put her in a full nelson
I'm on my way, I'm goin' fast, I'm comin' home to get you
I'm on my way, I'm goin' fast, I'm comin' home to get you

Audemar Piguet wet
Diamonds get these bitches wet
Fat knots make a bitch fuck somethin'
Ass shots make a nigga cuff somethin'
One-sixty on my hair, I'm gleaming
Every time that I step I'm bleeding
Crackers get behind me, I'm speeding
That's my dawg so you know we fleeing
Shawty said she got a bone to pick
Who's this ho I been rollin' with?
Everybody callin' her phone and shit
Know me better, I don't know the bitch
Free my dogs in the cages
I'm a project lil' baby
In the projects with Lil Baby
I used to tote three-eighties
Now I tote twelve gauges
Got my Charger whip ajudicated
I'm too smooth baby
Trust me you don't need to lubricate it
My lil' snipers say them niggas be hatin' ever since you done made it
I don't know why, 'cause I could've bought the Wraith but I bought a new Mercedes
I just bought a new Mercedes, but I could've bought the Wraith
'Cause I gotta feed my family, make sure everybody ate
Make sure everybody straight, 'cause you gotta feed the team
Boy you gotta spread the cheese, boy you gotta split the cake
Don't feed your dogs, they gon' get hungry and go to lickin' on your plate
Make sure my dawg don't turn out to a mutt, he gon' be a Great Dane
That part, that's my dawg like Clifford
My dawg, my goddamn nigga
You can bring your dawg, I'ma Vick him
Don't step too hard, I'ma sic him

Yeah that's my dawg for sure
Yeah that's my dawg
Yeah that's my dawg for sure
Yeah that's my dawg
Me and my dawg
We gave 'em two in a row
Me and my dawg
We gave 'em two in a row
Deja keep on callin'
She say she ready to pull up
As soon as I get there, walk in
I'ma put her in a full nelson
I'm on my way, I'm goin' fast, I'm comin' home to get you
I'm on my way, I'm goin' fast, I'm comin' home to get you

Dawgs
Just me and my dawgs
We gon' take 'em down two in a row
We gon' take 'em down two in a row
We gon' take 'em down two in a row
Just me and my dawgsOoh, yeah

I did my time, and I want out
So effusive, fade, it doesn't cut, the soul is not so vibrant
The reckoning, the sickening
Packaging subversion, pseudo-sacrosanct perversion
Go drill your deserts, go dig your graves
Then fill your mouth with all the money you will save
Sinking in, getting smaller again
I'm done, it has begun, I'm not the only one

And the rain will kill us all
Throw ourselves against the wall
But no one else can see
The preservation of the martyr in me

Psychosocial, psychosocial, psychosocial
Psychosocial, psychosocial, psychosocial

There are cracks in the road we laid
But where the temple fell, the secrets have gone mad
This is nothing new, but when we killed it all
The hate was all we had
Who needs another mess? We could start over
Just look me in the eyes and say I'm wrong
Now there's only emptiness, venomous, insipid
I think we're done, I'm not the only one

And the rain will kill us all
Throw ourselves against the wall
But no one else can see
The preservation of the martyr in me

Psychosocial, psychosocial, psychosocial
Psychosocial, psychosocial, psychosocial


The limits of the dead
The limits of the dead
The limits of the dead
The limits of the dead

Fake anti-fascist lie (Psychosocial)
I tried to tell you, but (Psychosocial)
Your purple hearts are giving out! (Psychosocial)
Can't stop a killing idea (Psychosocial)
If it's hunting season (Psychosocial)
Is this what you want? (Psychosocial)
I'm not the only one

And the rain will kill us all
Throw ourselves against the wall
But no one else can see
The preservation of the martyr in me

And the rain will kill us all
Throw ourselves against the wall
But no one else can see
The preservation of the martyr in me

The limits of the dead
The limits of the deadOutside the cafe by the cracker factory
You were practicing a magic trick
And my thoughts got rude as you talked and chewed
On the last of your pick and mix
Said, "You're mistaken if you're thinking
That I haven't been called cold before"
As you bit into your strawberry lace
And then offered me your attention in the form of a gobstopper
It's all you had left and it was going to waste

Your pastimes consisted of the strange
And twisted and deranged
And I love that little game you had called Crying Lightning
And how you'd like to aggravate the ice-cream man
On rainy afternoons

The next time that I caught my own reflection
It was on its way to meet you
Thinking of excuses to postpone
You never looked like yourself from the side
But your profile could not hide
The fact you knew I was approaching your throne
With folded arms you occupied the bench like toothache
Stood and puffed your chest out like you'd never lost a war
And though I tried so not to suffer the indignity of reaction
There was no cracks to grasp or gaps to claw

And your pastimes consisted of the strange
And twisted and deranged
And I hate that little game you had called Crying Lightning
And how you'd like to aggravate the icky man on rainy afternoons
Uninviting, but not half as impossible as everyone assumes you are
Crying Lightning


Your pastimes consisted of the strange
And twisted and deranged
And I hate that little game you had called
Crying Lightning, Crying Lightning
Crying Lightning, Crying Lightning
Your pastimes consisted of the strange
And twisted and deranged
And I hate that little game you had called CryingOutside the cafe by the cracker factory
You were practicing a magic trick
And my thoughts got rude as you talked and chewed
On the last of your pick and mix
Said, "You're mistaken if you're thinking
That I haven't been called cold before"
As you bit into your strawberry lace
And then offered me your attention in the form of a gobstopper
It's all you had left and it was going to waste

Your pastimes consisted of the strange
And twisted and deranged
And I love that little game you had called Crying Lightning
And how you'd like to aggravate the ice-cream man
On rainy afternoons

The next time that I caught my own reflection
It was on its way to meet you
Thinking of excuses to postpone
You never looked like yourself from the side
But your profile could not hide
The fact you knew I was approaching your throne
With folded arms you occupied the bench like toothache
Stood and puffed your chest out like you'd never lost a war
And though I tried so not to suffer the indignity of reaction
There was no cracks to grasp or gaps to claw

And your pastimes consisted of the strange
And twisted and deranged
And I hate that little game you had called Crying Lightning
And how you'd like to aggravate the icky man on rainy afternoons
Uninviting, but not half as impossible as everyone assumes you are
Crying Lightning


Your pastimes consisted of the strange
And twisted and deranged
And I hate that little game you had called
Crying Lightning, Crying Lightning
Crying Lightning, Crying Lightning
Your pastimes consisted of the strange
And twisted and deranged
And I hate that little game you had called CryingYeah, Shady, Aftermath, G-Unit
Damn baby all I need is a lil' bit
A lil' bit of this, a lil' bit of that
Get it crackin' in the club when you hear the shit
Drop it like it's hot, get to whippin' that back
Girl shake that thing, yeah work that thing
Let me see it go up and down
Rotate that thang, I wanna touch that thang
When you make it go round and round

I step up in the club I'm like "Who you wit?"
G-Unit in the house, yeah that's my clique
Yeah, I'm young, but a nigga from the old school
On the dancefloor a nigga doin old moves
I don't give a fuck, I do what I wan' do
I hit your ass up boy, I done warned you
Better listen when I talk nigga, don't trip
Yo' heat in the car, mines in this bitch
I ain't tryin' to beef, I'm tryin' to get my drink on
And my diamonds, my fitted, and my mink on
I'mma kick it at the bar 'til it's time to go
Then I'mma get in shorty ear and I'mma let her know

All a nigga really need is a lil' bit
Not a lot baby girl, just a lil' bit
We can head to the crib in a lil' bit
I can show you how I live in a lil' bit
I wanna unbutton your pants just a lil' bit
Take 'em off and pull 'em down just a lil' bit
Get to kissin' and touchin' a lil' bit
Get to lickin' it, a lil' bit

This is 50, comin' out your stereo
It's hard to tell though cause I switched the flow
Eyes a little low cause I twist the 'dro
Pockets on swoll cause I move the O's
My neck, my wrist, my ears is froze
Come get your bitch, she on me dawg
She musta heard about the dough
Not Captain c'mon and Save-a-Ho
I get it crunk in the club, I'm off the chain
Number one on the chart all the time mane
When the kid in the house, I turn it out
Keep the dancefloor packed that's without a doubt
But shorty shake that thang like a pro man
She backed it up on me I'm like "Oh man"
I got close enough to her so I know she could hear
System thumpin', party jumpin', I said loud and clear

All a nigga really need is a lil' bit
Not a lot baby girl, just a lil' bit
We can head to the crib in a lil' bit
I can show you how I live in a lil' bit
I wanna unbutton your pants just a lil' bit
Take 'em off and pull 'em down just a lil' bit
Get to kissin' and touchin' a lil' bit
Get to lickin' it, a lil' bit

Baby you got me feelin' right, you heard me?
My momma gone you can spend the night, you heard me?
I ain't playin' I'm tryin' to fuck tonight, you heard me?
Clothes off, face down, ass up, c'mon, ha ha

All a nigga really need is a lil' bit
Not a lot baby girl, just a lil' bit
We can head to the crib in a lil' bit
I can show you how I live in a lil' bit
I wanna unbutton your pants just a lil' bit
Take 'em off and pull 'em down just a lil' bit
Get to kissin' and touchin' a lil' bit
Get to lickin' it, a lil' bit

All a nigga really need is a lil' bit
Not a lot baby girl, just a lil' bit
We can head to the crib in a lil' bit
I can show you how I live in a lil' bit
I wanna unbutton your pants just a lil' bit
Take 'em off and pull 'em down just a lil' bit
Get to kissin' and touchin' a lil' bit
Get to lickin' it, a lil' bitThere is a house built out of stone
Wooden floors, walls and window sills
Tables and chairs worn by all of the dust
This is a place where I don't feel alone
This is a place where I feel at home

And I built a home
For you
For me
Until it disappeared
From me
From you
And now, it's time to leave and turn to dust

Out in the garden where we planted the seeds
There is a tree as old as me
Branches were sewn by the color of green
Ground had arose and passed its knees

By the cracks of the skin I climbed to the top
I climbed the tree to see the world
When the gusts came around to blow me down
Held on as tightly as you held onto me
Held on as tightly as you held onto me

And I built a home
For you
For me
Until it disappeared
From me
From you
And now, it's time to leave and turn to dustHere's a little song I wrote
You might want to sing it note for note
Don't worry
Be happy

I fuck these bitches and I'm fucking all these hoes
I'm eating pussy like it's Oreos
You already know
Haha, yeah, Yeehaw

Running, running, running got blisters, uh
Suck on my dick like a Twister, uh
I'm saying that to your sister, uh
Now she be calling me mister, uh
See that lil' hoe, titty be slanty
I ain't fucking with you but I fuck with yo' Auntie
Ain't playing golf but bitch I'm a caddy
Ain't your grandpa but your mum call me daddy
Damn, ooh, ding
She wanna lick on my ding
I know they like how I sing
I wanna give her a ring
Auntie call me her king
No rubber on my penis I sting
I wish I was joking
What the fuck am I rapping

I fuck these bitches and I'm fucking all these hoes
I'm eating pussy like it's Oreos
You already know
I fuck these bitches and I'm fucking all these hoes
I'm eating pussy like it's Oreos
You already know
Haha, yeah, ay, ayy

Told that lil' bitch
To step out my car
She fuck on my dick
She straight off a bar
Then she like "Daddy you is going far"
I'd say you get interviewed by narduar
And then I'm like "Hoe what the fuck is you saying
Talk shit like this you best not be playing"
She say "you different you go 'gainst the grain"
I said "Look at me hoe am I fucking insane"
It's Y-Un-G-CR-A-K-A
Biggest in the game so you better make way
Gonna take the top spot and I'm gonna stay
My wrist glistening
Got your auntie listening
Swishing in my mouth like she was fucking Listerine
Rapping all day and I don't know when I'm finishing
So many crackers that wanna be like me
Trynna get to the top but despite me
So enlight me
Could you fight me?
Wrong place, but it’s the right me
Big blade but you couldn't even knife me
Eight times but you couldn't even snipe me
Auntie hit my line like "Baby could you wife me"
Birthday but you couldn't even invite me
Pizza that's big, you slicing
Yo' auntie so enticing

I fuck these bitches and I'm fucking all these hoes
I'm eating pussy like it's Oreos
You already know (yeah)
I fuck these bitches and I'm fucking all these hoes
I'm eating pussy like it's Oreos
You already knowA broken heart is all that's left
I'm still fixing all the cracks
Lost a couple of pieces when
I carried it, carried it, carried it home
I'm afraid of all I am
My mind feels like a foreign land
Silence ringing inside my head
Please, carry me, carry me, carry me home

I've spent all of the love I saved
We were always a losing game
Small-town boy in a big arcade
I got addicted to a losing game

Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing game

How many pennies in the slot?
Giving us up didn't take a lot
I saw the end 'fore it begun
Still I carried, I carried, I carry on

Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing game
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing game

I don't need your games, game over
Get me off this rollercoaster

Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing game
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
All I know, all I know
Loving you is a losing gameChampagne i min ene hånd, orale
Stadig lige fra kvarteret, orale
Dem, der sælger det videre, orale
Dem, der' inde og sid', ahh, orale

Orale, orale
Du si'r, du vil ram-ram' para, orale
Du si'r, du har shufta og juu, orale
Det her' til de yngre, orale
Orale, orale
Du si'r, du vil ram-ram' para, orale
Du si'r, du har shufta og juu, orale
Det her' til de yngre, orale

Kig mig ind i øjnene, brormand, hva' ska' jeg fortæl'?
Shorta kigger på mig, tror, vi kun er kriminel' (Hvad?)
Snakker for min brødre, orale
Sidder for sig selv i en celle for at sælg'
For jeg stoler på min' yngre, orale
Mine yngre de plyndrer, orale
Men mine yngre ska' skynd' sig, orale
For shorta de holder møder, orale
Hva' ved de om kvarteret? Alle brødre er efterlyst
Enten' de inde at sid' eller rejser udenbys
Rapper' de tom-snakker, de har ikk' set blå lys
De allesammen de' bar' cracker, de allesammen de' bar' müs-

Champagne i min ene hånd, orale
Stadig lige fra kvarteret, orale
Dem, der sælger det videre, orale
Dem, der' inde og sid', ahh, orale

Orale, orale
Du si'r, du vil ram-ram' para, orale
Du si'r, du har shufta og juu, orale
Det her' til de yngre, orale
Orale, orale
Du si'r, du vil ram-ram' para, orale
Du si'r, du har shufta og juu, orale
Det her' til de yngre, orale

Hak-hakker på en placka, det går stadig rundt i ring
Folk er som Mufasa, folk er løver heromkring (Ah)
Ingen har tid til drama, hovedpine som Ipren
Alle vil lave deres para, alle vil ha' en del af kagen
For jeg gør det til kvarteret, orale
Kvarteret de relaterer, orale
Tryk sedler og investe-er, orale
Fuck shorta, de chikanerer, orale
Min mor sku' ha fortalt mig, hele verden den er kold
Folk de rykker kilo op og ned igennem tolden
Hak det op i poser, ud af døren, få det solgt
De allesammen de vil vær' Tony, de allesammen vil ryk' ton

Champagne i min ene hånd, orale
Stadig lige fra kvarteret, orale
Dem, der sælger det videre, orale
Dem, der' inde og sid', ahh, orale

Orale, orale
Du si'r, du vil ram'-ram' para, orale
Du si'r, du har shufta og juu, orale
Det her' til de yngre, orale
Orale, orale
Du si'r, du vil ram'-ram' para, orale
Du si'r, du har shufta og juu, orale
Det her' til de yngre, orale

(Ja-jaer, ja-jaer, ja-jaer...)
Respekt til alle de yngre, som der stadig går i skole
Dem, der lagde gøbben, åbned' bogen, brugt hovedet
Alle de andre yngre, dem, der stadig er derude
Tænk det hele igennem, før de banker på din rude
(Brug hovedet) Brug hovedetYeah
One, one
Yeah (She wanna sit on my lap)
Yeah, she wanna sit on my lap
(You think you know me)
She wanna sit on my lap, yeah
She wanna sit on my lap
(Da-damn, Peggy)
(This bitch really out here gonna watch herself)
She wanna sit on my lap
(What? Hahahahahaha, what? Ayy)
Yeah, she wanna sit on my lap, yeah
(Like three donuts
For real, though, what, what we orderin'? What food we gettin'? What you wanna do?)
Oh god no
Fuck Postmates (Hahahahaha)
Ayy, ayy, uh, ayy, uh, what, what, what, uh, what (Look man), yeah
I need all (Let's get it)

I need all my bitches same color as Drake
If they not, then they gettin' rocked
Put that Pyrex in the pot (Right)
I don't give a fuck if you out there in the six (Turn around)
Suck a dick, pussy boy you gettin' hit with the (Woo, uh, uh, uh)
And I'm really with the shits, so you not gon' take my hits
Break my heart while I break yo' bitch (Right)
Two black cards, let me cloak my wrist (Okay)
Fuck a diss, boy, I'm draggin' bodies like it's Metal Gear
I don't care 'bout your fuckin' status, Peggy got no fear, yeah (Okay)
Ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah, yeah
Jugg and I come with them bands, ayy
Gun do not come with no plan, ayy (Okay)
Keep a Kimber at the pad, ayy
Crackers never get a pass, wait (Turn around)
Credit like my name was Chad, ayy
Watch who you fuckin' tag, babe (Alright)
Okay, get yo' demo out my face
Shawty, tryna give that dick to Kelly Conway
Pull my case, boy (Okay), I beat that shit like Lennon beat his bae
Young O'Shea (Young Ice Cube on the map, motherfucker, turn around)
I need a bitch with long hair like Myke C-Town (Yeah)
You talking shit (Look), I'm talking shit, you catch a beat down (Yeah, okay)
I know you never in the hood or in the streets now (Hey, turn around)
And still, I'm hearin' that you really want some beef now? (Uh, uh, uh, alright)
Bruh, take your tree out my backwood
Made the beat 'cause I'm that good (Damn)
Got your girl on her hands (Eugh), Johnny 5 with the cans (Okay)
Fuck a blog, fuck a fan, hope my record get panned (Look)
'Least I made you niggas dance
Fuck 12, nigga, stamp

Oh, your body, oh, you got it
On my body, my body, on my body
Oh, your body, oh, you got it
(Hit it)Mo bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
Bounce in the motherfuckin' house
Mo bounce in the motherfuckin' house
Bounce, b-bounce, bounce, mo bounce
Mo, mo-mo bounce, b-bounce, bounce
Bounce in the motherfuckin' house
Mo bounce in the motherfuckin' house
Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
Bounce, bounce, bounce
Bounce in the motherfuckin' house
Mo bounce in the motherfuckin' house
Bounce, b-bounce, bounce, b-bounce
Bounce, b-bounce, bounce
Bounce in the motherfuckin' house, bounce
Mo bounce in the motherfuckin' house

Bounce like a motherfuckin' '64, sick flow
Slick talk, spittin' that Crisco
Drop that shit like a cholo at the dub show
Can you hit the switch and pick it up and let the world know?
Homie, if you're broke, oh, no you don't deserve hoes
All these fake boulders only gettin' on my nerves though
I just cracked a 40, now I'm sippin' out the straw slow
Little bit of ratchet, little boujee, you should all know
Everybody got opinions, yeah, like assholes
You ain't gotta worry 'bout those, 'cause they assholes
We just came to party, party, party, what you came for?
Make, make the neighborhood bounce to this

When that shit goes down, the block get loud
In your backyard bumpin' while we blazin' out
Make it bounce in the motherfuckin' house
Mo bounce in the motherfuckin' house
When that shit goes down, the block get loud
In your backyard bumpin' while we blazin' out
Make it bounce in the motherfuckin' house
Mo bounce in the motherfuckin' house

Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
Bounce, bounce, bounce (To the red light)
Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
Bounce, bounce, bounce (Make your headlight)
Bounce, b-bounce, bounce, b-bounce
Bounce, b-bounce, bounce (Like a low-low)
B-bounce, bounce, b-bounce (Throw it up)
Bounce (At the pole, pole)

Bounce that ass, bounce that ass, yeah, bounce it
Puff the lah or get high off the contact
Call the law, we gon' make sure we come back
Fallin' off, we ain't ever been about that
Hundred spokes spinnin' on a chrome rim
I got a feelin' that tonight we gon' be goin' in
I'm with a few bad bitches and some grown men
With the ice so cold, I feel like I'm Snowden
I feel like I'm rollin', but the whole place geeked up
It's gettin' hot in here, down to my wife beater
But you ain't gotta worry, we ain't dangerous
We came up
Make, make the neighborhood bounce to this

When that shit goes down, the block get loud
In your backyard bumpin' while we blazin' out
Make it bounce in the motherfuckin' house
Mo bounce in the motherfuckin' house
When that shit goes down, the block get loud
In your backyard bumpin' while we blazin' out
Make it bounce in the motherfuckin' house
Mo bounce in the motherfuckin' house

Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
Bounce, bounce, bounce (To the red light)
Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
Bounce, bounce, bounce (Make your headlight)
Bounce, b-bounce, bounce, b-bounce
Bounce, b-bounce, bounce (Like a low-low)
Bounce, b-bounce, bounce, b-bounce (Throw it up)
Bounce (at the pole, pole)

Mo, m-m-mo bounce, blazin' up
Backyard, back, b-b-b-bumpin'
Backyard bumpin', the block get loud
Mo, m-m-m-mo bounce
Backyard, backyard b-bumpin'
Backyard bumpin', the block get loud

When that shit goes down, the block get loud
In your backyard bumpin' while we blazin' out
Make it bounce in the motherfuckin' house
Mo bounce in the motherfuckin' house
When that shit goes down, the block get loud
In your backyard bumpin' while we blazin' out
Make it bounce in the motherfuckin' house
Mo bounce in the motherfuckin' house

Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
Bounce, bounce, bounce (To the red light)
Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
Bounce, bounce, bounce (Make your headlight)
Bounce, b-bounce, bounce, b-bounce
Bounce, b-bounce, bounce (Like a low-low)
B-bounce, bounce, b-bounce (Throw it up)
Bounce"The hallucinations have stopped, finally, thank God, but uh, my adrenaline reserves are burning out and I'm staring straight into the face of a total psychotic freak-out."

Yeah
Yeah, yeah
A little louder
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah
Yeah, yeah

Yeah, yeah
And if by chance this is my grand finale
Bury me in Allegheny County, it's the
The most hated, so faded that I'm bow-legged
Don't bathe, gross gang, smell like old Lo Mein, shit
The flow dangerous, make you wanna do the wave
Throw your bitch right off your lap and start a standing ovation
The most strangest, master of the ceremonies
A fifth of Stoli then it’s only Cher and Moby karaoke
My bitch a shooter, call her Annie Oakley
Get you for a pair of Kobe's, just got out on probation
And no famous friends for me, just old faces
I only go places wasted like I'm Joe Namath
Not a king, I'm no David, music, I'm a crackhead
No hobbies and recreation, don't even know my address
Self-medicate, self-education
Rick Rubin showed me transcendental meditation

Let us have a grand finale
The world will be just fine without me
The clown got a smile on his face
Slow it down, we goin' out with a bang
Are you ready for the fireworks?
It was a silent night 'til the fireworks

Yeah, okay, I
I fear nothin' on this odyssey of dark roads
God lives in my dog's soul, the devil in his dog bowl
We are the prophets, Jesus was a poor sport
He booted Nostradamus, turned water into wine
But he loved the gin and tonic, had skeletons in his closet
Even God will one day be forgotten
And recently I been feelin', I been feelin' like
It'd be really nice to get to sit with Mickey Weiss
Shoot the shit 'bout life, he'd be pissed I'm sniffin' white
Never got to see me grow up, how long it take to live a life?
I'm a bit surprised that I'm even still alive
Mixin' uppers and downers practically suicide
My old Jewish mind, REMember music, you'll be fine
And I make my own beats now, if you behind
Hallucination's how I use my mind
Who am I?

Let us have a grand finale
The world will be just fine without me
The clown got a smile on his face
Slow it down, we goin' out with a bang
Are you ready for the fireworks?
It was a silent night 'til the fireworksBum ba dum bum bum bum bum
Bum ba dum bum bum bum bum
Bum bum, bum bum, bum bum bum bum, bum bum bum bum
Bum ba dum bum bum bum bum

Call the cops, call the cops
Got mad motherfucking marijuana crops
Got lime trees and lemon trees
Got twenty dirty bitches down on their knees
Water, water, H2O
No big screens, no HBO
Tomato, tomato, potato, potato
These hoes just won the fat boy lotto
Hef, please let me use your grotto, hefty bitches is my motto
If you get on top, hooker, I think you might break my throttle
I'll knock your head off, you softer than a bitch's skin
You stupid bitches cannot win, fuck your wifey in the face
And then I'll take your next of kin, Rin Tin Tin, I'll stick a dildo
In your fucking fish food, which dude's fish food
A rich dude's fish food, I got an iPad
​iMac body and your mama sucks my dick when she's high on mollies, mollies

Bum ba dum bum bum bum bum
Bum ba dum bum bum bum bum
Bum bum, bum bum, bum bum bum bum, bum bum bum bum
Bum ba dum bum bum bum bum

Dirt Nasty and shit
This is agriculture
I grab a vulture
Who left that soda on the table?
Grab a coaster (Do that shit)
Girls wanna cuddle
Yeah, they wanna snuggle
Aw, that's a cute teddy bear
Put it in your butthole
Ooh what you know 'bout me, Dirt Nasty, bitch, I'm a farmer
Come through with a ugly ass ho, call her two-headed llama
She wanna sleep on me, better bring some pajamas
I got a white boy Entourage, Johnny Drama

Bum ba dum bum bum bum bum
Bum ba dum bum bum bum bum
Bum bum, bum bum, bum bum bum bum, bum bum bum bum
Bum ba dum bum bum bum bum

Ay, yo
Spandex, I pull up with a lamb text
Too strudel, toaster strudel, ballin' on you poodles
Two cougars, forty-plus, clutching Rugers
Black out the two-seater, MC Hammer, have you seen her
Forty karats in the gallon
It's apparent, your parents, got 'em runnin' like mascara
Tempers flaring, I pull up in the Ric Flair McClaren
Four bad bitches on probation, are you sharing?
Got 'em jealous, twenty inches on you fellas chop propellers
Got 'em running over Jerome Bettis, Versace lettuce
No dieting, Gucci eyelids, I go to sleep, snobby pilots

Bum ba dum bum bum bum bum
Bum ba dum bum bum bum bum
Bum bum, bum bum, bum bum bum bum, bum bum bum bum
Bum ba dum bum bum bum bum

Diplo
I’m a farmer boy, goin' Scottie Pippen in Illinois
Teeth full of diamonds and corduroys, been a while since I was unemployed
I’m the real McCoy, not a Hatfield
My RV got rims on twelve wheels, I ride to the club on a school of seals
Turtles and beluga whales, escargot and a plate of snails
My farm grows broccoli and I get paid well
Only time will tell, bong like I just cracked the liberty bell
Gracin' on the cover of Mademoiselle, sicker than a sick guy with sickle cell
Andy Milonakis just went to jail
Drinking V8 in the V12 with three Ls smelling like Adele

Bum ba dum bum bum bum bum
Bum ba dum bum bum bum bum
Bum bum, bum bum, bum bum bum bum, bum bum bum bum
Bum ba dum bum bum bum bumI bet she love
I bet she love, love
I bet she

It's true I said I love you but I didn't promise it
We came from grippin' AK's, our fingers got bunions
Keypad, no key to my door
And we made love

All this fake love got me damaged
I can't take it, I just popped another Xanny
I'm fuckin' on your bitch when I land in the States from another planet
I'm fly as a bitch, when I make mistakes, another plannin', yeah

Yeah, I bet she loves me (I bet she loves me)
I bet she loves me (I bet she loves me, I bet she loves me)

Showed major love to my friends, bitch
I dropped the top off the Benz
Been rockin' since creme de la creme, yeah
I know we never go in
I tat the footprint of my kids, yeah, like forensics
Throw it to the ceiling, can't forget
My big brother coming home from a bid, yeah
Turbo 9-11 coupe for the rich
Turbo 9-11 coupe for the rich, yeah
I fucked her friend, I'd never tell her
I feed the swoop peanut butter and jelly
Up a hundred mil, let my nigga tell it
Up a hundred mil
I done cracked a seal, let these haters tell it
But I cracked a seal
I can get 'em killed, yeah Kill Bill
And I got diamonds from my toes up to my ears
Yeah I got an implant 'cause I took off the veneers
Yeah I got a red diamond on the eye ring, not tears
Got the shirt off in the Rolls Royce, yeah
Put a hole on the Kel-Tec, 'cause I ain't tryna get killed yet, hmm

Love
I bet she love
I bet she love, love
I bet she love

All this fake love got me damaged
I can't take it, I just popped another Xanny
I'm fuckin' on your bitch when I land in the States from another planet
I'm fly as a bitch, when I make mistakes, another plannin', yeah

I don't give a fuck about big homie, I'm big homie 'round here
I'm rockin' blue diamonds, ain't nothin' to get you killed
You gonna get scarred, you don't get eternal life, nigga, yeah
Ballin' off of X before I rolled dice, nigga, yeah
The agent just called and said the Hawk was available, I'm ready
You all about the Hawk, nigga, that G5 is quality
It's pink, way more than I ever would've imagined
I didn't measure it so I'm higher than Aladdin
No swaps out, I'm undecided whenever I pop out
I had to swerve for four years, I'm still under forty thousand miles
Bought the Bentley coupe and a Bentley Spur on the same day
She drove the GT and fell in love with it the same day
She told me that was her favorite car, she dreamed about it
I couldn't walk away, my ego all in the way
I dropped cash on it, she told me she loved me even more (Freebandz)
These four doors and quaaludes, they got me dehydrated
Turn on me, sue me, no, nothing seems to amaze me
I left on a commercial flight and downgraded
If I could change anything, I wouldn't erase it (I wouldn't erase it)
Came back on a private plane and upgraded (I made it)
It had to be destiny, it had to be the recipe
Had to be the formula, I'm not normal, I told you (I told you)
If you would've took the flesh out me (Took the flesh out me)
You would've ran off with it and tried to convince me it was karma
(I bet she love me)

All this fake love got me damaged
I can't take it, I just popped another Xanny
I'm fuckin' on your bitch when I land in the States from another planet
I'm fly as a bitch, when I make mistakes, another plannin', yeah

I bet she love, love
I bet she love, love
I bet she love, love
I bet she
I bet she loveEPIC RAP BATTLES OF HISTORY!
SHERLOCK HOLMES!
VS
BATMAN!
BEGIN!

Nice hat, dork, you look like a duck
I had Alfred read your books, he told me they suck
I'll crush your British nuts until they're bangers and mash
I've seen better detective work in Tango & Cash
You chump, I kick punks like you off the streets
While you and Velma here are solving Scooby Doo mysteries
Nothing makes me laugh, but I bet your raps can
So bring it on, bitch, I'm Batman!

I once met a rich fellow who smelled of guano and pain(Holmes explain)
I deduce this deuce stain as Bruce Wayne (The billionaire?)
Yes, his wealth would allow this adversary of ours
To afford the toys he needs (Since he has no superpowers!)
You want a battle, bat? Bring it then (I heard he has a British butler)
Good! Then he'll be used to getting served by Englishmen!
You're a wack vigilante black pantied spud with no skill
My sidekick's a doctor (Because his flows are so ill!)

Shut up, nerds, I serve justice, so eat it
My sidekick only comes around...
When he's needed!
Boy Wonder make you wonder how your ass got killed
Bite harder than those hounds down in Baskerville
I'll blast you with that bat-whack-rap repellant
Rappel a building, snatch a villain, then by dinner be chilling
Gotta secret about your homegirl Irene Adler
Took her back to my nest, to bam pow kersplat her
I'll shatter that fiddle with a chop of the hand!
Holy Conan Doyle, let's get 'em! Aw god damn!
You're not smart, you're selfish, you endanger everyone's life
Why don't you let your boyfriend here go home to his wife?
Nobody likes you, not your brother, not your partner, not Scotland Yard!
You'll die alone with no friends except that needle in your arm!

This mustn't register on an emotional level...
First, exploit childhood tragedy...then gesture with pipe...
Watson finishes punchline...next, acknowledge compliment
Conclude with killer catchphrase....
I believe your parent's homicide is why you mask your face
You're shamed and traumatized and haunted by the vast disgrace
Of watching like a passive waste as momma died and daddy was dispatched with haste! (Holmes, you've cracked the case!)
You're a bat shit crazy basket case!
(Bloody good rhymes!) I've got tonnes!
Dissing these dynamic douchebags was elementary, my dear Watson (OHHHHHHH!)
WHO WON?
WHO'S NEXT?
YOU DECIDE!
EPIC! (NANANANANANANANA) RAP BATTLES OF HISTORY!Oh what up, ho? Oh, what up?
I said oh, what up, ho? Oh, what up?
I said oh, what up, ho? Oh, what up?
Well, alright

I'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patron will make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron, that's some great advice
I'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patron will make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron, that's some great advice

Welcome to my diary, stressing got me gray hairs
Something to inspire me, rather than society's
Woes, let me go, let me shine a lil' bit love
I want diamonds too, Ronnie on Player's Club
I used to have a 9 to 5, fresh out of school that was '05
That bitch was racist, got me fired, ever since then I had no job
Pushing in my mama van, stop for gas on Rosecrans
Trust me these niggas rushed me for something my cousin probably did
Guilty by association story of my life, nigga
You gone make me flip then split your shit, judge give me life, nigga
Pain since my grandma's death, uncle killed at Louis's Burgers
Hold my tears I tried my best, let it go drench my pullover
Cycles of a starving artist tryna go beyond the margin's margin
Maintaining my modest, modest as I dream
So while I go through all this, all this bullshit what you call it
Life itself I know it helps let me scroll through my Blackberry

Had enough daddy
I'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patron will make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron, that's some great advice
I'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patron will make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron, that's some great advice

I said keep reading my diary, when my life's entirely
Surrounded by the irony of living in the city
I said they wouldn't hire me, I said I got my ass beat
And the only thing can help is ass and some titties
So what's up, baby? I said what's up?
I had a long day and I really wanna fuck
See I ain't tryna think about no phone bills
Credit card late fees, Capital One popping up on my caller ID
Pawning my chain in the shop, watching for hollow-tip shots
Watching my vehicle break down on another man's block
Man that's my worst fear, ain't that your worst fear
You know when your transmission go out and can't switch gears
Or run through a pothole at two in the morning
Scared to hit your emergencies cause then they'll be on it
See I know when the harsh reality take its toll
Open up your contacts then scroll

I'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patron will make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron, that's some great advice
I'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patron will make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron, that's some great advice

Welcome to my diary, hmm.. where should I begin?
Finna get a Swisher and fill it with at least a gram
Crackers watch my every step, better yet they work my every nerve
Cutting me this worthless check, the concept is so absurd
Like a church in debt, a turtle in a turtle neck
Convertibles with turbojets, fueled by 7-Up and prometh'
I feel like deaths around the corner like the quickest wide receiver
So I took another shot, Tequila hit me like a nina
My sky's gray, my bitches brighter
Always saying lights please, J. Cole's her ghost writer
And I'm the God MC, join my diocese
Free your mind, don't mind society
And finally, everyone got their own problems
Everything is subject to change like broken dollars
I'ma drown in my drink and swim in my woman's vagina
Like a piranha fin, it gets harder than Rihanna when

I'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patron will make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron, that's some great advice
I'm going through something with life
But pussy and Patron will make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron make you feel alright
Pussy and Patron, that's some great adviceWhat's coming through is alive
What's holding up is a mirror
But what's singing songs is a snake, it is
Lookin' to turn my piss to wine
They're both totally void of hate, and...
Killin' me just the same

The snake behind me hisses
What my damage could have been
My blood before me begs me
Open up my heart again

And I feel this coming over like a storm again
Considerately

Venomous voice, tempts me
And drains me, bleeds me
Leaves me cracked and empty
Drags me down like some sweet gravity

The snake behind me hisses
What my damage could have been
My blood before me begs me
Open up my heart again

And I feel this coming over like a storm again, now
And I feel this coming over like a storm again, now

I am too connected to you
To slip away, to fade away
Days away, I still feel you
Touching me, changing me

And considerately killing me
Considerately killing me
Considerately killing me
Considerately killing me

Without the skin, here
Beneath the storm
Under these tears, now
The walls came down
Once the snake is drowned
And as I look in his eyes
My fear begins to fade
Recalling all of the times
I could have cried then
I should have cried then
As the walls come down and
As I look in your eyes
My fear begins to fade
Recalling all of the times
I have died
And will die
It's alright

I don't mind
I don't mind
I don't mind

I am too connected to you
To slip away and fade away
Days away, I still feel you
Touching me, changing me

And considerately killing me
Considerately killing me, yeah
Considerately killing meIce under my heels, I hear it breaking
Under my heels, I hear it cracking
Foolish of me to think I had it
Emmanuel, how foolish of me!
To think I had it
I hear your voice behind me
Moving up my neck
I hear you talking
Creeping on my shoulder
I hear you breathing
In my head I hear you screaming
Just do it..

Yeah yeah, I feel you talking
Yeah yeah I feel you moving
Yeah yeah let's do it already
Yeah yeah..

Chipping away at boulders
I conquer fire
40 days 40 nights
No New Star
Fuck your Third Eye
I be the One
Neo of the Sun
Give me simplicity
Too lonely, seems like real fun
I feel you
Creeping up my leg I hear you talking
Moving on my shoulder I hear you breathing
In my head I hear you screaming
Just do it

Don't come close
Don't come close
You don't even know me, know me
Don't come close
Don't come close

You don't even know me
You think you know me
Yeah yeah, I feel ya talking
Yeah yeah, I feel ya moving
Lets do it already
Mmhmm yeah yeah
Yeah yeah, I feel ya talking
Yeah yeah, I feel ya moving
Lets do it already
Mmhmm, yeah yeah
Dont come close
Dont come close
You dont even know me, know
Come close
Dont come close
You dont even know me
You think you know me, yeah
You dont even know me
You think you know me, yeah
You dont even know me, know me
You think you know me
Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah
Aww yeahIt's hard to walk through all the places that your life used to be in
So you thought you'd shed a layer, maybe try on some new skin
Your friends are all imaginary, your shrink stopped answering her phone
So you decide to make incisions at your home while you're alone, all alone
But you're no tailor, you're no surgeon, none of your cuts go very straight
Every new layer you uncover reveals something else you hate
And then you cracked your head, and broke some bones
And when you glued them back together you found out you did it wrong

Well this is the same logic that got us into trouble the first time
(When we discovered we could use)
The same logic to get us out of trouble
And shake off all the people we abuse
I don't need to know where you come from
If you don't know where you belong
So how's it feel to walk around, like you're some sort of freak
You're just a monster in a costume
A shade of what you used to be

And you've got your kind of brand new face on, where all the skin's pulled thin and taut
And every kid you see starts crying so you stop going out for walks
Well I guess nothing can be perfect, so here's a comforting thought
At the bottom of the ocean fish won't judge you by your faults
(Judge you by your faults)

Well this is the same logic that got us into trouble the first time
(When we discovered we could use)
The same logic to get us out of trouble
And shake off all the people we abuse
Don't need to know where you come from
If you don't know where you belong
So how's it feel to walk around, like you're some sort of freak
You're just an actor, but now they caught you
A shade of what you used to be

Goddamnit you look so lovely, but you sound, you sound, you sound so ugly
Goddamnit you look so lovely, but you sound, you sound, you sound so ugly
Well Goddamnit, you look so lovely, but you sound, you sound, you sound so ugly
Well Goddamnit, you look so lovely, but you sound, you sound, you sound so ugly
Boy, we gave you every opportunity
Boy we gave our hands to get you off your knees
Boy sat at our table and ate everything
You say that you're still hungry
Then bite the plates and break your teeth
(Guitar outro)

We started with psychodrama...Here we are in the future
Here we are in the future and it's bright
Nothing to fear
No one to fight
I can't believe we've come so far
Happily ever after, here we are
Once upon a time, I thought I'd always be in my mother's shadow
Answering for her crimes, I thought I'd always be in an endless battle
Until I began to hone
A power all my own
That I could feel growing stronger every day
And now I've saved the world
Not just that- the whole galaxy saved
We did it!
Here we are in the future!
Hey Pearl, hey Dad!

Hey Schtuball!

Steven! I'm learning to play the bass

I keep telling her, it's "bass"

Excuse me, B-A-S-S spells "bass"

You're the boss

Heck yes, I am!
Once upon a time
I only lived to be of Pink Diamond's service
'Til the day the two of us snuck down to be on this planet's surface
We became our fantasy
And I was sure she set me free
But in the end, I guess I never left her side
And after love and loss and all the tears that I cried, I find that-

Here we are in the future!

Hey, buddy
I'm heading into town

See you at the concert tonight?

Wouldn't miss it for the world!


Here we are!

I saved you a seat

Thanks, Garnet!
Hey guys, what'd I miss?

You're just in time for my favorite part of the story
Once upon a time, a Sapphire came to Earth with her Ruby soldier
Sapphire's deadly fate was set until the Ruby rushed in to hold her
Suddenly they were fusing
Beautiful, strange, confusing
And there I was, a bundle of questions, so naive
That if you told me this I never would've believed you then but-

Here we are in the future!

Let me just save this
Hey, any idea what Amethyst is up to?

I have every idea what everyone is up to
You'll find her if you head to Little Homeworld
Take the warp!

Woah! Careful dude!

Pew pew!
One, two, three, hah!

Thanks, Amethyst!

Steven! You're just in time!
We're about to install the new warp

Which means Little Homeworld is 83.7 percent complete!

Only 83.7 percent? We'd better get cracking!

I'm on it!

Wow, Little Homeworld's growing fast!

So are you!
"Look at me! I'm a young adult!"
I love that all these Gems wanna make their new home on Earth!
Wish I'd had this when I first emerged
(sung)
Once upon a time, I burst to life inside of the Kindergarten
A product of a war that I had no idea I had a part in
I came out late and alone
Knew nothing but my home
But I know now exactly who I'm s'posed to be
And it's a part of this family!

So, whaddya think?

If I could just stop right here and be
Finally done
Finally us
Finally we are in the future

Here we are in the future and it's bright!
Nothing to fear
No one to fight
I can't believe we've come so far

Happily ever after

Happily ever after

Happily ever after

Here we are!These niggas claim 3 Hunna, but we BDK
BDK
Yeah, bitch, we BDK
We stackin', bitch, so you know we crackin' treys
Crackin' treys
Yeah, bitch, we crackin' treys
BDK
BDK
BDK
These niggas claim 3 Hunna, but we BDK

We on the block damn near everyday
Posted with them 30's, fuck a trey-eight
Your bitch all on me, all up in my face
I told that bitch: "Get back, I need some fuckin' space!"
You ain't with the shits, so stop the fuckin' flexin'
Fuck tryna wife a bitch, they out here stretchin'
Durk say, "Fuck Brick Squad," so I can't wait to catch him
Squeeze this fuckin' .40, now they got him on a stretcher
Brick Squad, D-Block, bitch, we hella reckless
Pockets sort of fat like that bitch Precious
Niggas get to sweatin' 'cause we bringin' pressure
And this is not a diss song, this is just a message

These niggas claim 3 Hunna, but we BDK
BDK
Yeah, bitch, we BDK
We stackin', bitch, so you know we crackin' treys
Crackin' treys
Yeah, bitch, we crackin' treys
BDK
BDK
BDK
These niggas claim 3 Hunna, but we BDK"I fucking love this nigga, I'm 'bout to fucking cry. Oh my God!"

Five dollars, used to stretch it for days
Robbin' niggas tryna cop me some J's
Momma said, "Ain't nothing good in these streets"
Book smart, I was always unique
Then I wind up getting caught in some beef
Thirteen when I got off the leash
First gun, kept it under my seats
First pack, kept it under my beef
They ain't think that I would better my life
They ain't think that I would get this shit right
Done trapping, I ain't into the jug
Chose rapping, I ain't sippin' no mud
If it's static, come and show me what's up
Last nigga tried, caught 'em a slug
Summer nights, I was done off the drug
Free Xanny he had caught him a hit
Opp snitched that little nigga a bitch
Fuck the judge he can suck on a dick
I told Monkey I'ma bail him no trip
I told Smelly I'ma work on my gift
I told Eazy that his name's still alive
I don't wanna see no more of us die
I don't wanna have a reason to cry
Funny movement then I'm toting a .9
Hunger, you can see the pain in my eyes
Fifteen, cracker give me some time
Lost my brother I was losing my mind
Fake love left them niggas behind
Buying nicks used to sell them as dimes
Summer's mine, I ain't waiting in line
Labels beasting tryna get me to sign
Independent I'ma do it for now
Need a feature then I'm taking your clout
I got niggas bumping me in the south
Told my mother I'ma get her a house
Fuck the haters they be running they mouth
I have shooters go and see what you 'bout
I ain't trippin' I'm just getting these bands
Shawty sippin' she go dumb off the xans
Niggas talking, they don't know who I am
Could've took a nigga life but it jammed
You ain't never lose your bro in your hands
My story niggas don't understand
My glory I'ma live out the plan
Fuck opinions I'ma be who I am
Never let a nigga tell me I can't
Young nigga with a mind of a man
My story niggas don't understand

We've been through pain together
Can't switch, be the same forever
New piece, I can claim whatever
Jewels dance, rock my chains wherever
Yeah I know where the bottom is
All I know is I gotta live
That bro what the problem is
I weren't born to be a college kid, yeah
We've been through pain together
Can't switch, I'm the same forever
New piece, I can claim whatever
Jewels dance, rock my chains wherever
Yeah I know where the bottom is
All I know is I gotta live
Dead broke what the problem is
I weren't born to be a college kid, yeah

Stack bread, catch me layin' low
Up north, where the gangsters go
Started off with a gangsta flow
Who gon' make it? What's the ratio?
I gotta get to the top
I'm steady workin', no stop (Oh no, no, no)
Really got faith for my pop
They want my music to flop (Oh no, no, no)
Fuck it I'm sippin'
Niggas ain't getting no chicken
Flexin' like someone they isn't
Ride around swear to God I be whippin'
Grippin' with it and the windows is tinted
Skrrt skrrt, I be switchin' through lanes
Body the fit with some Cartier frames
Bitch said she love me I told her she lame
Rather her tell me she doing the gang

We've been through pain together
Can't switch, be the same forever
New piece, I can claim whatever
Jewels Dance, rock my chains whenever
Yeah I know where the bottom is
All I know is I gotta live
That bro what the problem is
I weren't born to be a college kid, yeah
We've been through pain together
Can't switch, I'm the same forever
New piece, I can claim whatever
Jewels dance, rock my chain wherever
Yeah I know where the bottom is
All I know is I gotta live
Dead broke what the problem is
I weren't born to be a college kid, yeahYeah

Mmh, ayy
Big stepper like Big Meech, mhm
I was taught to go and get it straight up out the mud, lil' nigga, ayy
Murder, murder, murder, keep my slugs, my nigga, ayy
I was taught to never show no love, my nigga
Pop a Xanax, I ain't never had no feelings
What I got planned next? Gotta put the stars in the ceiling
Slidin' down Fairfax, nigga, I was plottin' on a million
I want a billion, nigga, so that's on God, I ain't chillin'

Yeah, hah, Perky, Perky, dirty soda, ayy
Only talk bags on the Motorola, ayy
Push the Hellcat like an old Corolla, ayy
I'ma let these racks talk for me, nigga
Bitch, and I ride with the shooters, ayy
Made my cousin a killer, uh
And at fifteen, I was neighborhood drug dealer
I'm so cold hearted, I can't show no love, nigga
But I fuck that bitch to PARTYNEXTDOOR, "Persian Rugs," nigga, uh
Bought a brand new AP, it was fifty thousand total
It felt like the Flu Game when I sold out the Novo
I had to finesse and get the bag, I had mad dough though
If he ain't tryna go get the safe, I get it crackin' solo

Mmh, ayy
Big stepper like Big Meech, mhm
I was taught to go and get it straight up out the mud, lil' nigga, ayy
Murder, murder, murder, keep my slugs, my nigga, ayy
I was taught to never show no love, my nigga
Pop a Xanax, I ain't never had no feelings
What I got planned next? Gotta put the stars in the ceiling
Slidin' down Fairfax, nigga, I was plottin' on a million
I want a billion, nigga, so that's on God, I ain't chillin'

Bird Vision, Bandcamp
Had a bad bitch put a hundred thousand in her spandex
That hundred that made me a million, I got it laminated
Can't fuck with none of these broke niggas, they contaminated
Thank God for all of these blue faces, I barely done made it
Made forty thousand on New Years, took a private to Vegas
I been on promethazine so long, when I'm slidin', I'm faded
I been tryna get a crib so long, now I got it, it's gated
I been touchin' all these millions, I know they gon' hate it
My chef cook up filet mignon, got sauce and then ate it
Nigga, I been ballin' every season like Kobe with eight, yeah
All these niggas gon' hate
I stayed down and got rich
Now I'm fuckin' on his lil' bae

Mmh, ayy
Big stepper like Big Meech, mhm
I was taught to go and get it straight up out the mud, lil' nigga, ayy
Murder, murder, murder, keep my slugs, my nigga, ayy
I was taught to never show no love, my nigga
Pop a Xanax, I ain't never had no feelings
What I got planned next? Gotta put the stars in the ceiling
Slidin' down Fairfax, nigga, I was plottin' on a million
I want a billion, nigga, so that's on God, I ain't chillin'These faggot ass niggas
Ayo Buck, word to mother
Yo, they had young Malcolm silenced too long, baby
They can't fucking hold me down, nigga
What the fuck these niggas thought
It's the I-N-C, nigga
It's Murder
M-I-B nigga
Murder Inc. Bosses, motherfuckers
Ja Rule, haha
Ayo Buck
Turn this shit up in my motherfucking headphones
Turn me up niggas
Fuck these faggots, haha
It's real nigga, yeah
It's real nigga (ayo, word to mother)
(Fuck you LOOSE CHANGE, you faggot)
Yeah, (FEMINEM I'ma slap the shit out you bitch)
Murder Inc., niggas

How many niggas hold they heat like Rule
Sidearm, barrel in mouth to blow your head out to the south
And let little J get to airing you out
And if there's any change left
I toss you on down to the west
And let (westside) the road ride down on ya
California Love is what you crave, so on you grave
It's gonna read: "Here lie 50, who snitched on many
That half a dollar, that nickel, them dimes, and died like penny"
And Murder Inc. will send they deepest condolences and sympathies
To Aftermath and Shady, Interscope and Jimmy Iovine
Ya know your team they really some peons
Gettin peed on and linked on
I'm talkin' about faggot ass gay Dre Young
And Suge told me all about how you used to take transvestites home
And occasionally wear thongs
No wonder Feminem be cross dressin' in pumps and tight little dresses
My pumps they leave big messes
And I know the Truth Hurts when I bust reckless
Battle of the sexes, is that a woman or a man?
I really don't care to stand, but 50 you gon' get shot again
By the M-U-R-E-D-R Inc
I'm the rapper that sings, totes guns and blings
And these Fed's can't discuss 'em
'Cause Lighty's "Violatin" us, usin' his powderpuff
(Fuck you man) cryin' bitch to Russell like:


They shootin', ah Chris ya shook
And got Bus' rhymin' the same old hook
Like, they shootin', I ain't shoot up ya Land
I oughta put ya in the coroner van
Like my nigga J-MUAH!
The dandruff Vanquish should be the get away car
When I clap at your broads
And Em, what's the doo-rag for?
You never gon' have waves, you'll never know black pain
But you could become the first white rapper slain
Just get yo' money, man
The Inc. is runnin' thangs, hideout with Loose Change
And you nigga, I'ma send you to mommy
With strict orders from Gotti to hide the body
And Dre, your day's comin' too, 'cause I got a team of misfits
That squat and handle they business
'Cause, I'm SHOOTIN', at all y'all niggas
And Lil Mo, you just one of them bitches
That ain't had a hot song in how long, never
Your better off with a dick in your mouth, just shut up
Em, you claim your mother's a crackhead
And Kim is a known slut
So what's Hailie gon' be when she grows up?

MURDER! Y'all know what it is
MURDER! Y'all know what it be
MURDER! Y'all know what it is
MURDER! I-N-CSuddenly he awoke and was running- raw
In raw-seamed hot khaki, his sweat heavy,
Stumbling across a field of clods towards a green hedge
That dazzled with rifle fire, hearing
Bullets smacking the belly out of the air -
He lugged a rifle numb as a smashed arm;
The patriotic tear that had brimmed in his eye
Sweating like molten iron from the centre of his chest, -
In bewilderment then he almost stopped -
In what cold clockwork of the stars and the nations
Was he the hand pointing that second? He was running
Like a man who has jumped up in the dark and runs
Listening between his footfalls for the reason
Of his still running, and his foot hung like
Statuary in mid-stride. Then the shot-slashed furrows
Threw up a yellow hare that rolled like a flame
And crawled in a threshing circle, its mouth wide
Open silent, its eyes standing out.
He plunged past with his bayonet toward the green hedge,
King, honour, human dignity, etcetera
Dropped like luxuries in a yelling alarm
To get out of that blue crackling air
His terror’s touchy dynamite.Can you tell from the look in our eyes?
(We're going nowhere)
We live our lives like we're ready to die
(We're going nowhere)
Can you tell from the look in our eyes?
(We're going nowhere)
We live our lives like we're ready to die
(We're going nowhere)

I thought I'd buried you and covered the tracks
You'll have to take this with your cold dead hands
I thought I'd buried you, what's dead can never die
I thought I'd cut you loose, severed the feeling
I slipped through the cracks and you caved in my ceiling
I thought I'd buried you, what's dead can never die, fuck

Can you tell from the look in our eyes?
(We're going nowhere)
We live our lives like we're ready to die
(We're going nowhere)
You can run, but you'll never escape
(Over and over again)
Will we ever see the end?
(We're going nowhere)

This is sempiternal
Will we ever see the end?
This is sempiternal
Over and over, again and again
Rise from the dead, you say
Secrets don't sleep till they're took to the grave
Signal the sirens rally the troops
Ladies and gentlemen, it's the moment of truth

Can you tell from the look in our eyes?
(We're going nowhere)
We live our lives like we're ready to die
(We're going nowhere)
You can run, but you'll never escape
(Over and over again)
Will we ever see the end?
(We're going nowhere)
Can you tell from the look in our eyes?
(We're going nowhere)
We live our lives like we're ready to die
(We're going nowhere)
You can run, but you'll never escape
(Over and over again)
Will we ever see the end?
(We're going nowhere)

This is sempiternal
Will we ever see the end?
This is sempiternal
Over and over, again and againBack to the Future

J'fais des leum, leum, leum, leum
T'as le seum, seum, seum, seum
J'fais des leum, leum, leum, leum
J'nique des reums, reums, reums, reums
J'fais des leum, leum, leum, leum
T'as le seum, seum, seum, seum
J'fais des leum, leum, leum, leum
J'nique des reums, reums, reums, reums

Ooh click, semi-auto arraché du liquide amniotique
Devenu automatique dans le 4 Matic, sorti de l'école de la République
Des lars, des lars, des lars, pussy, pussy, parle pas ou bien parle en nouchi
Plus d'armée de soucis, mon seul problème désormais est de choisir entre le caviar et les sushis
Je m'allume un gros sbah, elle a vu ma grosse barre
Elle fait le grand écart, j'ai d'la mouille dans la be-bar
Contrôle de police, maglite tu me reconnais, me demande une photo pour son fils
Il me laisse repartir dans une gova péta, dans la boîte à gants, mon pétard, sous le siège, un gomme-cogne, demi-tour en machant mon chewing-gum-gum-gum
On va plus leur faire de crédit, on fait plus la guerre en treillis, je crois bien que tout est dit
J'sors mon arme, j'la manie, j'porte un jean Armani avec une paire de Buscemi
Leur faire du le-sa, on pourrait
J'suis dans mon Roche Bobois, j'allume la LED juste pour voir ta raie en blu-ray

J'fais des leum, leum, leum, leum
T'as le seum, seum, seum, seum
J'fais des leum, leum, leum, leum
J'nique des reums, reums, reums, reums
J'fais des leum, leum, leum, leum
T'as le seum, seum, seum, seum
J'fais des leum, leum, leum, leum
J'nique des reums, reums, reums, reums

Sors pas d'ta caisse, c'est le drive, dis-nous vite tu prends quoi
Les bibisseurs bloquent l'ascenseur devant toi
J'bouge pas, j'me pose dans le hall, en été ou dans l'froid
J'attends les boloss, t'attends ton conseiller au Pôle Emploi
Lunettes, casquette, fuck toi, fuck toi et ton képi
Quatre grosses baltringues dans une Ford mée-cra, elles font tié-pi
Fais bien la fête, n'oublie surtout pas qu't'es mon petit
M'invite pas, c'qui sort d'mon canon c'est pas des confettis
Ils ont vu mon casque rayé, ils ont cru à l'accident, c'est juste qu'elle suce avec les dents
Posé comme un bâtiment, je n'fais plus de sentiments, j'crache dans tous les compartiments
Kandahar, Kandahar, Pandora, Pandora, double-kalashé, on t'aura
Produit dans la planque, crackers en manque,j'suis dans le tank, c'est pas un prank

J'fais des leum, leum, leum, leum
T'as le seum, seum, seum, seum
J'fais des leum, leum, leum, leum
J'nique des reums, reums, reums, reums
J'fais des leum, leum, leum, leum
T'as le seum, seum, seum, seum
J'fais des leum, leum, leum, leum
J'nique des reums, reums, reums, reums
J'fais des leum, leum, leum, leum
T'as le seum, seum, seum, seum
J'fais des leum, leum, leum, leum
J'nique des reums, reums, reums, reums
J'fais des leum, leum, leum, leum
T'as le seum, seum, seum, seum
J'fais des leum, leum, leum, leum
J'nique des reums, reums, reums, reumsI gave up on time
Just like you said you would
There are tiny cracks of light underneath me
And you say I got it wrong
But I tried hard to uncover them

I have somehow got
Away with everything
Anything you ever did was strictly by design
But you got it wrong
And I'll go anywhere but there

And you had best believe
That you cannot build what I don't need
And I know I need to feel relief
And I know you'll never fold
But I believe nothing that I'm told
And I know I need to feel relief

I know I need to feel released
Take care to tell it just as it was
Take care to tell on me for the cause
I know I need to feel released
Take care to bury all that you can
Take care to leave a trace of a man

I will show restraint
Just like we said we should
You think I'll apologize for things I left behind
But you got it wrong
And I'm as sane as I ever was

You talk far too much
For someone so unkind
I will wipe the salt off of my skin
And I'll admit that I got it wrong
And there is grey between the lines

And you had best believe
That you cannot build what I don't need
And I know I need to feel relief
And I know you'll never fold
But I believe nothing that I'm told
And I know I need to feel relief

I know I need to feel released
Take care to tell it just as it was
Take care to tell on me for the cause
I know I need to feel released
Take care to bury all that you can
Take care to leave a trace of a man

I know, I know, I know, I know, oh-oh
I know, I know, I know, I know, oh-oh

I know I need to feel released
Take care to tell it just as it was
Take care to tell on me for the cause
I know I need to feel released
Take care to bury all that you can
Take care to leave a trace of a man

I know, I know, I know, I know, oh-oh
I know I need...A big beautiful brain with a pretty face, yeah
A babydoll with a briefcase, yeah
A hot little hurricane, ha!
'Cause I'm feminine and soft, but I'm still a boss, yeah
Red lipstick, but still so raw, yeah
Marilyn Monroe in a monster truck

'Cause I can be zen and I can be the storm, yeah
Smell like a rose and I pierce like a thorn, yeah
Karate chopping the clichés and norms all in a dress

Hey, hey, hey
You think that I'm a little baby
You think that I am fragile like a Fabergé
You think that I am cracking, but you can't break me
No-o-o-o-oh, no way
No-o-o-o-oh, no way
No-o-o-o-oh, no way
You think that I am cracking, but you can't break me
(Br-br-break me)

Yeah, I bounce back like a pro 'cause I'm so resilient
LOL at all your limits
Keep your penny thoughts, I'm making a mint

'Cause I can be zen and I can be the storm, yeah
Smell like a rose and I pierce like a thorn, yeah
Karate chopping the clichés and norms all in a dress

Hey, hey, hey
You think that I'm a little baby
You think that I am fragile like a Fabergé
You think that I am cracking, but you can't break me
No-o-o-o-oh, no way
No-o-o-o-oh, no way
No-o-o-o-oh, no way
You think that I am cracking, but you can't break me (uh-uh)
(Br-br-break me)

I ain't got no strings (No strings...)
I'm no one's little puppet
Got my own cha-ching, in my chubby little wallet
And secretly you love it
(You fucking love it)
And secretly you love it

Hey, hey, hey (Hey)
You think that I'm a little baby
You think that I am fragile like a Fabergé
You think that I am cracking, but you can't break me
No-o-o-o-oh
Hey, hey, hey
You think that I'm a little baby
You think that I am fragile like a Fabergé
You think that I am cracking, but you can't break me
No-o-o-o-oh, no way (No)
No-o-o-o-oh, no way (No way)
No-o-o-o-oh, no way (Uh-uh)
Oh, you think that I am cracking, but you can't break me (Uh-uh)
(Br-br-break me)And the mandem got it crackin' again
And the mandem got it crackin' again
And the mandem got it crackin' again
And the mandem got it crackin' again

I know one thing for certain
You better keep your eyes peeled, I'm lurkin'
'Cause I tour the city in an Addison Lee
And if I pull up, then it's skrrrtin'
I ain't had a good night sleep since God knows when
Keep your eyes peeled, I'm lurkin'
When you hear the bud line boomin'
You know the money had me ridin' brutal
Now they see me and say "Bouff Daddy, Bouff Daddy"
Everywhere I go they say "Bouff Daddy, Bouff Daddy"
In the ends I'm the Bouff Daddy, Bouff Daddy
Ya dun kno', ya dun kno'

Bonsam tremendous, dress code horrendous
Making six figure moves, we've got different agendas
This my house, don't wear your creps on my carpet
Life of a misfit, broke nigga forfeit
Four figure outfit, three course meal
I put my money where my mouth is, no two ways about it
Let one nigga doubt it, twenty in the mattress
Niggas couldn't mash this, this is just practice
Oh, now I'm getting paid, did I mention?
They never used to pay no attention
Nowadays I hate the attention
Nah lemme be honest, I love it
Spend yesterday's profit and think nothin' of it

I know one thing for certain
You better keep your eyes peeled, I'm lurkin'
'Cause I tour the city in an Addison Lee
And if I pull up, then it's curtain
I ain't had a good night sleep since God knows when
Keep your eyes peeled, I'm lurkin'
When you hear the bud line boomin''
You know the money had me ridin' brutal
Now they see me and say "Bouff Daddy, Bouff Daddy"
Everywhere I go they say "Bouff Daddy, Bouff Daddy"
In the ends I'm the Bouff Daddy, Bouff Daddy
Ya dun kno', ya dun kno'

Ooh, I'm the Bouff Daddy, baby take a look at me
And if this whip gets bun they'll throw the book at me
And the mandem got it crackin' again
And the mandem got it crackin' again
Fuck probation, I'm chillin' overseas
Everything's different 'cause I'm free
Buttoned down shirt, make your missus wanna pree
Don't worry, there's plenty more fishes in the sea
It's okay my brudda, no way they're badder
Dolce & Gabbana, manna clean up nice
Make everybody spectate, I'm just playin' chess wit' my best mate
Teach you 'bout check-mate

I know one thing for certain
You better keep your eyes peeled, I'm lurkin'
'Cause I tour the city in an Addison Lee
And if I pull up, then it's curtain
I ain't had a good night sleep since God knows when
Keep your eyes peeled, I'm lurkin'
When you hear the bud line boomin'
You know the money had me ridin' brutal
Now they see me and say "Bouff Daddy, Bouff Daddy"
Everywhere I go they say "Bouff Daddy, Bouff Daddy"
In the ends I'm the Bouff Daddy, Bouff Daddy
Ya dun kno', ya dun kno'

And the mandem got it crackin' again
And the mandem got it crackin' again
And the mandem got it crackin' again
And the mandem got it crackin' againRighteous man
Walk with me
Bear the burden, yo

No, no, don't do you dare, cast one stone in air
I'm cracking stone with bare hands, you're a mere man
I know my stoners here, all my visionaries
Shades in the night, that's a scary sight
I'm never in the dark though, my squad the brightest circle
Watch with the internet alone I enlighten the whole globe
That's iTunes from a nigga with astigmatism
I got it from my moms, thank you Steve Jobs
You took my grandpa job and you gave me a job
Not just a physical but digital way of displaying my rhymes
And making these kind people pay a fine
I've been through a lot, I deserve a lot, this work's fine

I carry the cross, if Virgin Mary had an abortion
I'd still be carried in the chariot by stampeding horses
I'm more than a man, I've been died and rose again
Left these holes in my hands, so you know who I am
Stigmata, stigmata, stigmata
Stigmata, stigmata, stigmata (YAWK-YAWK, YAWK-YAWK)
Stigmata, stigmata, stigmata
Stigmata, stigmata, stigmata
Stigmata, stigmata, stigmata
Stigmata, stigmata, stigmata (YAWK-YAWK, YAWK-YAWK)
Stigmata, stigmata, stigmata
Stigmata, stigmata, stigmata

From the fiery pits, on some Dead Poets Society shit
Here to bring you a variety mix
Grab my dick, violently spit, cause I don't give a fuck
About the type of shit batty boys are on, get your vaginas wet
And you shaking in your ballet shoes
At the restaurant we valet twos, bad news (news)
Half moons on ten goons, uh
On the four wheeler shredding up the sand dunes
There's something wrong and that's quite clear
I smell deception in the night's air (uh)
That shit is sweeter than a ripe pear (uh-huh)
For your love, I cut my right ear

I carry the cross, if Virgin Mary had an abortion
I'd still be carried in the chariot by stampeding horses
I'm more than a man, I've been died and rose again
Left these holes in my hands, so you know who I am
Stigmata, stigmata, stigmata
Stigmata, stigmata, stigmata (YAWK-YAWK, YAWK-YAWK)
Stigmata, stigmata, stigmata
Stigmata, stigmata, stigmata
Stigmata, stigmata, stigmata
Stigmata, stigmata, stigmata (YAWK-YAWK, YAWK-YAWK)
Stigmata, stigmata, stigmata
Stigmata, stigmata, stigmata

Oh no, no, no they didn't, cause these ain't bars, these prisons
Walk with me, every step I take in these Visvims
Real rare breed, cut from the cloth like
A phoenix feather when I write, Molotov, yikes!
You seen them flowers bloom, know that they grew in despair
A blessing in disguise, nobody knew it was there
My crown had been made, I just had to put it on
Now I spread my wings and let the bird of dawning sing its song
And when my grandpa died I broke down and cried
But still I am more than a man, I am a God
Sweetest is pain amongst all of the thriller things
I been through enough and so I need all of the iller things

One of these days some simple soul will pick up the Book of God, read it, and will believe it. Then the rest of us will be embarr- *BEEP*Keeping her bright eyes focused on the coastline, waiting for you
Isn't she all of us pining for that last kiss
A permanent truth, a means to get through
Maybe we'll cry whilst hopeful when we think about the past being cruel
Got a thought for those who start to think of love
As the pursuit of a fool, it's a palace from ruin
Deep into the night, eyes closing
Heart swollen with my loving for you
A solid embrace, kind face
And then the hurt starts leaving the room, followed by goons
Sometimes it's open wide and lights the road at night
You've got a heart like the moon
Gather courage, if you're doing something, do it
'Cause she got to go soon

If I could now, I'd never tell you not to love her
However, leaving her a long way from her home
And that ain't no promise, cracking over time
A private corner of Roma
Don't shadow the light, wait, good love grown
If I could now, if I could now
If I could now, if I could now
If I had you now

So keeping bright eyes focused on the coastline waiting for you
Don't give me that bye-bye baby when the night moves into black from the blue
The nights you've been through
Just give me that wide smile made for putting songs into the hearts of the doomed
And catch a cold heart staring at the water, babe, remember you flew

If I could now, I'd never tell you not to love her
However, leaving her a long way from her home
And that ain't no promise, cracking over time
A private corner of Roma
Don't shadow the light, wait, good love grown
If I could now, if I could now
If I could now, if I could now

If I could now, I'd never tell you not to love her
However, leaving her a long way from her home
And that ain't no promise, cracking over time
A private corner of Roma
Don't shadow the light, wait, good love grown

So say what you want, dear
But the courage was won
With the way that you spoke here
When the dreaming was doneRows of houses all bearing down on me
I can feel their blue hands touching me
All these things into position
All these things we'll one day swallow whole

And fade out again
And fade out

This machine will, will not communicate
These thoughts and the strain I am under
Be a world child, form a circle
Before we all go under

And fade out again
And fade out again

Cracked eggs, dead birds, scream as they fight for life
I can feel death, can see its beady eyes
All these things into position
All these things we'll one day swallow whole

And fade out again
And fade out again

Immerse your soul in love
Immerse your soul in loveMoving on and getting over
Are not the same, it seems to me
'Cause you've been gone, I'm growing older
But I still can't seem to get you off my mind
And I do believe I feel you all the time

Moving on and getting over
Are not the friends they used to be
It's been so long since I got to hold you
But I still can't seem to get you off my mind
And I do believe I feel you all the time, all the time

Tell me I can have the fact you've loved me to hold onto
Tell me I can keep the door cracked open, to let light through
For all my running, I can understand
I'm one text away from being back again
But I'm moving on and I'm getting over
I'm getting over, I'm getting over
I got to get over

Moving on and getting over
It's been so long; it just goes to show you
That I still can't seem to get you off my mind (get you off my mind)
And I sure would like to see you one more time

It's taken me so long just to say "so long"
And baby it's so wrong, but I'm moving on
I'm gonna get a new girl
A something-I-can-do-girl
To try to get me through, girl
'Cause I'm moving on
I'm moving on
And I'm moving on
I'm moving on
And I'm moving on
Consider me as good as gone
'Cause I'm moving on
I'm moving on
Moving on, baby
Moving on
Moving onMost important thing in business is honesty, integrity
Hard work, family
Never forgetting where we came from

Poor me, dad was gone, finally got my dad back
Liver bad, he wouldn't live long, that snatched my dad back
Guidance? I never had that, streets was my second home
Welcomed me with open arms provided a place to crash at
A place to study math at, matter of fact, I learned it all
Burned it all, this music is where I bury the ashes at
Flash back, not having much, not having that
Had to get some challah bread so you can holla back and
Holla at my Jewish lawyer to enjoy the fruit of letting my cash stack
And just in case a nigga gotta use his rat-tat-tat-tat-tat
Own boss, own your masters, slaves
The mentality I carry with me to this very day
Fuck rich, let's get wealthy, who else gon' feed we?
If I need it, I'ma get it however, God help me

And I don't need no hook for this shiiiit

I'm so fa sho', it's no facade
"Stay outta trouble", momma said as momma sighed
Her fear: her youngest son be a victim of homicide
But I gotta get you outta here momma, or I'ma, die ...inside
And either way, you lose me momma so let loose of me
I got the rein our direction will soon change
To live and die in N.Y. in the hustle game
Hustle 'caine, hustle clothes, I hustle music
But hustle hard in any hustle that you pick
Skinny nigga, toothpick, but, but I do lift
Weight like I'm using 'roids
Rolls-Royce keep my movements, smooth while maneuvering
Through all the manure in the sewer that I grew up in
Choices, we make trying to escape, shit

And I don't need no hook for this shiiiit

This is not for commercial usage
Please don't categorize this as music
Please don't compare me to other rappers
Compare me to trappers, I'm more Frank Lucas than Ludacris
And Luda's my dude, I ain't trying to diss
Like Frank Lucas is cool, but I ain't trying to snitch
I'ma follow the rules no matter how much time I'ma get
I'ma live and die with the decisions that I'ma pick
So fuck DeHaven for caving, that's why we don't speak
Made men ain't supposed to make statements
End of the story, I followed the code, cracked the safe
Other niggas ain't in the game so they practice hate
Leave that boy Hov' alone, why don't cha?
You don't have to if you don't want to
But don't say I didn't warn ya

Oh... and I don't need no hook for this shiiiitStrippers in the club and my cups half empty
Ride with my niggas cause my niggas understand me
Still on Plan A, pussy niggas on Plan B
Young rich nigga, young rich nigga
Right now
Motherfucker, let's go

Yeah, what can make a nigga wanna go and get it?
Said he want a Bimmer with the subs in it
Said he grew up in a house and it was love missin'
Said he grew up in the set, he keep his guns with him
Young nigga (niggas!) young nigga (let's go)
Young (niggas!) just a young nigga
And he don't need a reason, he a young nigga
And you don't want your daughter and your sons with him
A young (niggas!) just a young nigga (let's go)
Young (niggas!) just a young nigga
Probably never understand us (don't stop)
Til he pull in Phantom  (won't stop)
When he pull up in a Phantom
He gon' have that shit blastin' (that's right)
Like young nigga (niggas!) just a young nigga
Young nigga (niggas!) just a young nigga
What they call you where you from, nigga? (where you from, nigga?)
In my city, that was question number one, nigga (number one, nigga)
Lookin' at the legend I become, nigga (look at him)
I can't help, but feeling like I am the one, nigga (your turn)
Remember I was on the run, nigga (let's go)
Couple years before you had a son, nigga (let's go)
Open up your doors and kept it one with me
Held a nigga down and that was love, nigga (let's go!)
Nobody want to stand in front a judge, nigga (yeah)
Make you think of better days like when you was winnin'
Standin' on the couches in the club with us
We all in here and we gonna be here
But then I got my shot, I had to run with it
Out the gate, lost count, many days in the studio we slaved
But this shit we gotta say
Staring in the space that you fishing for a phrase
Uninspired and your mind, still it's all a paper chase
First you over dedicate, then you notice that you great
And you been the whole time then it slap you in yo face
Then you stack it in your safe, got it crackin', it was fate
You the definition, nigga, laughin' to the bank
I'm a master of my fate
Plus I'm the type of nigga own the masters to my tapes
I'm in Nevada for the day
I caught a flight from Philly, we just sold out TLA
Fresh up off of stage on my way to B of A
AMB, we L.A., tryna eat, we the way
Look, young Nipsey the great
Never taught how to drink, I just lead to the lake
It's eighty-something degrees in L.A (yeah)
Fuck it, time to put some jetskis on the lake
Look, I got a team in my bank
I don't even need an ID at my bank
This used to be a dream we would chase
I know J. Stone and Cobby Supreme could relate
I know the whole team could relate
I know Evan McKenzie and Bron Lees could relate
Cornell, Saddam, Adam Andebrhan
Steven Donelson and Blacc Sam been on this Marathon
Ballin' since my brother used to hustle out the Vons
Couple hundred thousand up, he took a shovel to the lawn
No exaggeration for the content of my songs
When he went to dig it up, shit, a hundred somethin' gone
Molded, you can ask moms
Had to plug in blow dryers for the ones we could wash (let's go!)
Salvaged the little bit, young rich nigga shit
Pressure on your shoulder, how you gon' deal with it? (come on)
Say it's all uncomfortable when you transition (let's go)
But it's all beautiful when you get rich in it (don't stop)
When you start killin' shit (elevatin') and they all witness it (keep rockin')
Money grow faster (keep rollin') than niggas could spend the shit (get down)
Open more businesses with you and your niggas
That's watchin' (let's go) your vision (don't stop) and being more generous
Fuck a Ford dealership, we up in Forbes (number one, mothafuckas, every year)
Watching and they wishin' that it wasn't yours (let's go)
I forgive you, I remember I was poor (not no more)
Plus I ain't in the way of what you reachin' for (yeah)
You gotta play the game, you gotta read the score (read the score)
See, I'ma do the same and pop the clutch of foreign (let's go)
They told me if I want it, gotta hustle for it (get it, get it, get it)
Only difference now, the money more mature

Young nigga, young nigga
Young nigga, young nigga
Young nigga, young nigga
Get your money, young nigga
Get your money, young nigga, young nigga, young nigga
Get the money, young
Get the money, young, get the money, young
Get the money, young nigga
Keep God first though, take thatBroward County, 954, we here, I kicked the door down
'Nolia boy shit, 1800 block, ugly corner, tied, gleeful

I was hopin' that you'd ride for me the way I rode for you
I wish my boy was here to see the man that I grew into
And I know if I'm feelin' like this, it gotta be mutual
But it ain't they business tellin' them the shit we surfaced through
Yeah, I won't never tell the world the shit I did for you
Even though you lied on me, that's cool, as long as you know the truth
I don't even feel the love be real no more, so I keep my distance
Remember I ran me up my millions, you was in your feelings
Even that time you shake my hand and you don't even grip it
But if I put that shit on blast, they gon' say I'm trippin'
I'ma just follow my intuition and I'ma keep on livin'
I wonder sometimes if you wishin', shit could've been different
Right now I'm cheffin', it's too late, I'm doin' my thing right now
I ain't lookin' down on you just chillin', I'm on the plane right now
I know you miss me, but don't worry, I'll never forget you
Even though you switched on me and it hurt me, I can't hold that 'gainst you
Takin' everything in me and it's burnin' for me to forgive you
You still my whoadie, still my dirty, but I ain't fuckin' wit' you
To create my future, I had to revisit my past, revisit my pain
But I won't never let you back in, we can't rekindle that flame
When he got stuck on and you blamed me 'cause you know I did it
Couldn't call on you when it was raining and it killed my spirit
All the shit you said, you tried to shame me, tried to kill my image
Even though you know me since a baby, and you know I'm with it
You know I'm serious, steppin' on niggas like I ain't even got no feelings
I'm in my cell right now, I'm wishin' shit could've been different
I ain't droppin' no names no more but nigga, I hope you hear it
Can't take nothin' back, it went like that, so nigga that's what it is
Everywhere I went, I took you with me, every show I did
Ain't say your name in all my songs no more, can't waste my lyrics
I said I was comin' home, they said, "No you isn't"
I'm a real nigga, so I'm dyin' how I'm livin'
I remember throwin' rocks, now we goin' to prison
When I got my first Glock, kept that thing with me
You was with me on the block, thuggin' real silly
Jumped in the game, then I popped, then you went to switchin'
I tried to give you niggas shots, but you niggas missin'
Soon as Lil Yella got knocked, niggas went to snitchin'
I done been through a lot, shit you never didn't
I had to pop a nigga top to make that boy feel me
Crackers had me in the box, thuggin' every minute
Young nigga, see about me, I'ma show you different
All my life, throwin' rocks at the penitentiary
But now my watch got rocks, no more drug dealin'
And now my top gon' drop, I'm in a new Bentley
Heard foolie got shot, I wonder who did it
You my dirty, you and me, we made it from the mud
I been wishin' shit could've been how it was
'Bout you, I swear to God I would've took a slug
Down to kill a nigga 'bout you, and it's all love
This shit ain't about a stripe, this just what I'm used to
I'm down to throw away my life, throw away my future
'Bout street principality, no flag
Man, that soldier-like mentality automatic
I'm jumpin' out the pink-G truck with the ratchet
Z's up 'til I freeze up, lil' daddy (Glee)
Z's up 'til I freeze up, lil' daddy (Gleeful)
Z's up 'til I freeze up, lil' daddy

Gleefully, that's how you present that shit the right way
You know what I'm talkin' 'bout, Broward County, 954
You know, we don't represent, we don't re-present
We present it once and that's what it is, that's how you step
Can't take nothin' back, went like that, so that's what it is
I wish it could've been different, though
1800, SG-13, the dumb way, the long way
Sniper Gang or no gangMy grand-pops was a man of respect, had to sweat
Just to cash checks working from sunrise to set
Every day he'd get challenged, no trades or talents
Barely scraped by, he found faith to balance
The straight line and pace, feeling worn and gray
Poor with four seeds, one more on the way
It was hard days indeed, all work and no play
He made sure things on the surface were okay, but
Something disturbin' within his mind was lurkin'
A slight twilight breeze would ease in through the curtains at night
It's like the sermon of a twisted apparition
Was urging him to listen to the train in the distance
At first it wasn't intense, just one little instance
Sure it didn't occur, he turned to resist it
As if it wasn't much more than just a figment
Of his imagination, but for days it was persistent
And it went;
"Follow me, follow me. Follow me, follow me"
Then it got louder
"Follow me, follow me. I have something to show you"

With time people noticed he was actin' berserk
Granny got a call saying he was absent from work
And that was a first
She ran to the pastor at church
To ask him what was up with this disastrous curse
But bad went to worse
He came back three days after
No money in his wallet and his shirt on backwards
Stumbling, walked awkward, he called out for his daughter
Right before he split the last lesson he taught her was this;
"If you ever have a son, let him know
That his granddad loves him, but by the time that he's grown
Be sure this seed is sown deep down into his dome;
Don't ever, ever walk to the train tracks alone"
With that, he backed up, reached out for his jacket
Told her not to act up and cracked up laughin'
After all that happened, he left, never to be seen
Fifteen years later is when my mother had me
Her dad lived a life people can't understand
Went from a family man to rambling man
A gambling man that burned both ends of the candle
Folded his hand in, it was too hot to handle

Sitting on the tracks waiting for the night train
Looking down the road, ain't never gonna go back
Listen for the whistle through the wind and raindrop
Who's gonna ride the devil's train tonight?
Sitting on the tracks waiting for the night train
Looking down the road, ain't never gonna go back
Listen for the whistle through the wind and raindrop
Who's gonna ride the devil's train tonight?

When I was a tot, my mom dropped fables and stories
To warn me of the dangers that were layin' before me
To keep it interestin' she would hide the lesson
To guide my direction, provide the right message
In time I developed a sense of her embellishment
Since I was rebellious against what she was tellin' me
When I was a teen I pretended that my demons were friends
I defended the place, yo, and that was the case
Slurred speech drippin' off of my face
The world creeped as I slipped to the awfulest place you could imagine
Not the average things you see on acid
My granddad bloody, hovering on a speaker cabinet
Laughing in a raspy tone, covered in maggots
That snacked on his mass to the bone, I couldn't grasp it
Did a double dismount off of the couch, flipped out
Broke the closest window I found, then I dipped out
Suddenly, I discovered little voices mumbling up in my head
It had me wondering what was it my mother said
Back when I was younger, it had my brain wracked
As I stumbled off in the night towards the train tracks

Sitting on the tracks waiting for the night train
Looking down the road, ain't never gonna go back
Listen for the whistle through the wind and raindrop
Who's gonna ride the devil's train tonight?
Sitting on the tracks waiting for the night train
Looking down the road, ain't never gonna go back
Listen for the whistle through the wind and raindrop
Who's gonna ride the devil's train tonight?

So there I was, stalking through the dark with a buzz
I figured I should walk, that'll ease me off of these drugs
It's like a shark, had to keep movin', it's that or be ruined;
If I sat still I was doomed, and that wasn't doin'
So I marched through the park slow, gone like Donnie Darko
The sparkle of the starlight glowed like charcoal
Despite my demeanor, the night seemed more serene
Than a morphine fiend in a morgue, it seemed like I'd lost it
That was when my grand-pops' carcass emerged from the dark
Gurgling his words of carnage, but he couldn't talk
Something about the birth of sadness
I scurried off; I was on the verge of madness
I raced, fast-paced, and the landscape was strange
Like a plane parallel to this one but rearranged
Came to a slope that was steep, beggin' for sleep
As I climbed up, taking my focus off of the creeps
Within the foggy distance, I saw a silhouette that got bigger as I stepped
The train tracks were wet
I saw a shiny grin from afar like it was happy
This is what he said as he started to walk past me:
"It's a nice night for a walk, would ya mind if I joined you?"
"Do what you wanna do"
"Well that's great, 'cause I'm going to
And not to annoy you but, see, I really have to ask
What a young dude like you's doin' out by the tracks?
You waitin' on a train?"
"Nah, man, let me explain"
"Alright"
"I'm mindin' my business so maybe you should do the same
I just been a witness to something sick and sadistic
So twistedly disgusting you should feel real lucky you missed it"
"Ooh, but easy with the tongue, son, try to listen carefully
What you've seen's scary, but nothing when compared to me
I could show you things to paint all your dreams haunted
I could make you scream if I wanted
Or I can be the bee in your bonnet, your best friend forever
Two peas in a pod flockin' like birds of a feather
And you never have a need to beg, work, or steal
If all this sounds worth it then let's make a deal
All you want in life for price of your soul
All the money you can fold, power that you can hold
I'll put you in control
Only if you're down to roll down these train tracks tonight"
"But where we gonna go?"

Sitting on the tracks waiting for the night train
Looking down the road, ain't never gonna go back
Listen for the whistle through the wind and raindrop
Who's gonna ride the devil's train tonight?
Sitting on the tracks waiting for the night train
Looking down the road, ain't never gonna go back
Listen for the whistle through the wind and raindrop
Who's gonna ride the devil's train tonight?Mirror mirror on the wall, yeah
Tunnel vision on the flaws
In the scale of things it's unimportant
So no talking, but it's still an intrusive thought
Tried hard to correct it, yeah
But nothing was effective, uh
No one else seemed so obsessed with it
Things were desperate until the voice crept in
"I can help you, trust me, you're ready"
It seemed dangerous
But it said to have faith in it
"The secret is to just be empty"
Didn't know if it was wise to listen, but
What could it hurt to try?

And at first, it was working
But then things were emerging
Cracked lips and tired eyes
I'm hungry with no appetite
I'm shivering and shaking, and I tell myself it's fine, but
You can't fool your body, you can only fool your mind, yeah
Empty
I just need to be empty
Hide from anybody who'll prevent me
Just fill up on water and shame
No, I'm not hungry, I just ate
I've developed a taste for this
Endure the never-ending ache
Convince myself I'm in control and it's not
All that voice that makes me sick

Inside it's em-em-em-empty
I know, I know it's wrong
I'm looking, but I can't see myself
Inside it's em-em-em-empty
I know, I know it's wrong
But it's so hard to stop it alone

Been getting even worse, ah
All the days begin to merge, yeah
Just a blurry haze and now it's
Almost second nature to ignore the urges
Can't trust my own nature
Every calorie a failure
Gotta push the intake down every day
'Cause the voice comes back to say
"You want to eat? Bite your tongue"
Don't want to stay an embarrassment
Just have to stomach it
"They don't know what you want"
A tug of war against common sense
Don't wanna believe that I've overstepped

But it's so overwhelming
And I hope no one can tell
'Cause the numbers keep decreasing
This ordeal is becoming routine, check
Arms, back, neck, thighs
Suck it in and pinch my sides
The scales are betraying me
The mirror is a lie, yeah
Numbers
It all comes down to numbers
I know it's wrong but
Just because you know you're colour blind
Doesn't mean you can't see the colours
Fine, I'll admit I'm addicted
But the hunger feels good, how do I quit this?
I know I could die, I've seen the statistics
But the voice is with me through thick and thin

Inside it's em-em-em-empty
I know, I know it's wrong
I'm looking, but I can't see myself
Inside it's em-em-em-empty
I know, I know it's wrong
But it's so hard to stop it alone
Inside it's em-em-em-empty
I know, I know it's wrong
I'm looking, but I can't see myself
Inside it's em-em-em-empty
I know, I know it's wrong
But it's so hard to stop it alone

I can reach out
To someone not like me
If you ask for help, it doesn't make you weak
I can reach out
To someone not like me
I can help my mind learn to trust my body
I can reach out
To someone not like me
If you ask for help, it doesn't make you weak
I can reach out
Ignore what the voice tells me
I can help my mind learn to trust my body

Inside it's em-em-em-empty
I know, I know it's wrong
I'm looking, but I can't see myself
Inside it's em-em-em-empty
I know, I know it's wrong
But it's so hard to stop it alone
Inside it's em-em-em-empty
I can reach out (I can reach out oh-oh-oh-oh)
Inside it's em-em-em-empty
I can reach out (I can reach out)You used to be so cool, what the fuck happened to you?
Look at what all this rapping and money-stacking will do
I could've been stuck out in 'Bama, had I not flew the coop
And my babies would suffer Christmas cause Santa ain't got no loot
Uh, 'money ain't the issue' you said, that's funny now
Cause money's all I could give you to shut your motherfucking mouth
Here, take 20 grand and buy yourself a lawyer
Shit, here's a whip so my kids ain't gotta walk to the store for ya, fuck
Momma told me I should keep it real
My record ain't selling, momma, I'm trying hard enough to keep a deal
Meanwhile I'm throwing paper down into an empty pit
I got a business I'm trying to run, man, fuck this bitch
I should've seen it coming, she never pulled her weight
I'm carrying her like an elephant on a dinner plate
You gassed em, Yelawolf, you better pump your fucking brakes, asshole
You got the nerve to

Wanna talk about heartbreak, oh, oh
Baby, I've been around, you know I've been around
And I can't pretend to love you right now
So you can go cry your heart out until you drown
Hope you can swim it out cause I can't be friends with a friend like you tryna hold me down

You got some nerve to be mad at me for, fuck, anything
What have I done besides give you what I could not afford?
The kids are happy cause they really don't know anything
If they only knew what toys that their momma could afford
The vacation they could be taking when daddy's on tour
Wait, you are on vacation, that's what this shit is for
I get it, I'm like the fountain of youth
You're in the bed with your boo and you two are sipping courvoisier, true?
This song ain't no diss, it's a living proof
Skit of skin and tooth, the witch in you bit, left me with cracked roofs
I ain't done, bitch, put this shit in loop
Here's a melody so it sticks in your head like your tracks do, ooh

You wanna walk around like it's all good
Cause I'm the golden ticket to get out of the hood
You better hope somebody cares more than I do
Cause my will don't include you

Wanna talk about heartbreak, oh, oh
Baby, I've been around, you know I've been around
And I can't pretend to love you right now
So you can go cry your heart out until you drown
Hope you can swim it out cause I can't be friends with a friend like you tryna hold me down

There ain't no fucking way I'mma let you take this hard-earned money, bitch
And I can't pretend to love you right now
So you can go cry your heart out until you drown
Hope you can swim it out cause I can't be friends with a friend like you tryna hold me down
Hold up, wait a minute, let me drop this shit up in it

There'll always be a special place
For you in my bank account
You fucking bitch

Wanna talk about heartbreak, oh, oh
Baby, I've been around, you know I've been around
And I can't pretend to love you right now
So you can go cry your heart out until you drown
Hope you can swim it out cause I can't be friends with a friend like you tryna hold me down

There ain't no fucking way I'mma let you take this hard-earned money, bitch
And I can't pretend to love you right now
So you can go cry your heart out until you drown
Hope you can swim it out cause I can't be friends with a friend like you tryna hold me down(LG, LG, LG, LG, LG, LG, LG, LG, LG, LG, LG, Come on, LG, LG, LG, LG,  come on, LG, LG, LG, come on, LG)
Heaven (LG, LG, LG, LG, come on)
Nostalgic 64  (LG, LG, LG, LG, come on)
Welcome, welcome, welcome (LG, LG, LG, LG, come on)

This is dedicated
To the memoir of my niggas, them
Most of them victimized because the daily grind
Crackers be bamming and sending them
Down to the county
Face down on the pavement
Blackland, Carol City
My visual it's the same shit
Still the same little niggas going to the candy lady
25 for that frozen cup
Crackers be thinking they trapping
Just post in the Charger until they are ready to jump
Jump out the jumper, no pulling your gun out
You better be sprinting the other way
Throw out the fire, get caught by the nine
Run through alley ways all in Cherry Bay
It's real in the field, either kill or be killed
Like BG so they got a grip on the tec
Took my nigga, Chynaman, took my nigga, PJ
And Trayvon, hot damn, who next on a white tee?
Born and raised on the Zone 3
Blackland right by the 199
Pull out the stick if you 'bout that life
Seen niggas from the Four be toting that iron
Run down, catch a nigga by sundown
Or downtown when he think the shit is serene
Got that boy when they shot that boy
Then they put him in the trash when they slide by the Beanz
Swerve, soon as I peel off the curve
Burn the evidence then a nigga hide
Take 27? Nah nigga, fuck that
Let's take that chance on the I-95
Bumping that sickest shit with the vomit spit
And a 666 with a twist and twirl
If you survive homicide drive-by
They'll leave you with nubs like the Powerpuff Girls
I get so high, stay so high
Until I see the face of God
Welcome to South Florida
Let that AK rip on the whole damn squad
Bitch
Welcome

Bitch, I'm from that Zone Three, Zone Three
Zone Three, Zone Three
Zone Three, Zone Three
That Blackland, CC
That Zone Three, Zone Three
Zone Three, Zone Three
Zone Three, Zone Three
That Blackland, CC
That Zone Three, Zone Three
Zone Three, Zone Three
Zone Three, Zone Three
That Blackland, CC
That Zone Three, Zone Three
Zone Three, Zone Three
Zone Three, Zone Three
That Blackland, CC

Bitch, bitch nigga, bitch nigga
Bitch nigga, bitch nigga, hashtag "rich nigga"
Bitch nigga, bitch nigga, bitch nigga, bitch nigga
Bitch nigga, bitch nigga, hashtag "rich nigga"
Bitch nigga, bitch nigga, bitch nigga, bitch nigga
Bitch nigga, bitch nigga, hashtag "rich nigga"On a cold winter morning
In the time before the light
In flames of Death's eternal reign
We ride towards the fight
When the darkness has fallen down
And the times are tough, alright
The sound of evil laughter falls
Around the world tonight
Fighting hard, fighting on for the steel
Through the wastelands evermore
The scattered souls will feel the hell
Bodies wasted on the shores
On the blackest plains in hell's domain
We watch them as they go
In fire and pain, now once again, we know
So now we fly ever free
We're free before the thunderstorm
On towards the wilderness our quest carries on
Far beyond the sundown
Far beyond the moonlight
Deep inside our hearts and all our souls

So far away we wait for the day-ay
For the lives all so wasted and gone
We feel the pain of a lifetime lost in a thousand days
Through the fire and the flames we carry on


As the red day is dawning
And the lightning cracks the sky
They'll raise their hands to the heavens above
With resentment in their eyes
Running back through the mid-morning light
There's a burning in my heart
We're banished from a time in a fallen land
To a life beyond the stars
In your darkest dreams, see to believe
Our destiny this time
And endlessly we'll all be free tonight
And on the wings of a dream, so far beyond reality
All alone in desperation, now the time has gone
Lost inside you'll never find, lost within my own mind
Day after day this misery must go on

So far away we wait for the day-ay
For the lives all so wasted and gone
We feel the pain of a lifetime lost in a thousand days
Through the fire and the flames we carry on


Now here we stand with their blood on our hands
We fought so hard now can we understand?
I'll break the seal of this curse if I possibly can
For freedom of every man

So far away we wait for the day-ay
For the lives all so wasted and gone
We feel the pain of a lifetime lost in a thousand days
Through the fire and the flames we carry on(Bonjour) I should be more mature, sure, I'm spoiled
Hit up the south of France after tour, bonjour (bonjour)
How many girls pre-bate right before they date
So she can have restraint? She still get slayed (bonjour)
That's ill behavior, want the whip matted
Want her ass the fattest, beat it: Thriller jacket
A street metaphor: if your dog piss on the floor
Put his nose in it, check these niggas from the door

Oooh oooh la la, oui-oui amour
Plenty of kisses, plein de bisous
Good day and best wishes
Comment allez-vous?
Bonjour

Eat at selective kitchens, speak on our next intentions
Over-creamy Polenta, it come chef recommended (bonjour)
Come through the side entrance; I arrived, bitches
Crackheads still owe me from '89 fixes (bonjour)
Havin' drinks in Vegas, my business
She didn't see me comin', now she's an eyewitness
Laissez le bon temps rouler
Say ahh so the kids could play

Oooh oooh la la, oui-oui amour
Plenty of kisses, plein de bisous
Good day and best wishes
Comment allez-vous?
Bonjour

Vacation, twisted, whatever happened, missed it
Vacations I didn't like, put myself through a guilt trip (bonjour)
All these beautiful places, but the cities be poor
You wealthy when your kid's upbringin' better than yours
All this money we gettin' could be gone in a minute
If we don't invest it—we long-term affected
Watch who you gettin' pregnant, that's long-term stressin'
I got a mil for every bump on your face, that's what I call a blessin'
Flexin'

My head looks straight up
And I'm wonderin', "What did I do?" (bonjour)
She looked at me like, "Damn, did I surprise you?"
Sure enough, as the sky's blue, she turned back around
And walked back down the avenue (bonjour)
She's waitin' for the right cue (bonjour)
I'm waitin' for the right clue (bonjour)

(Oooh oooh la la, oui-oui amour)
She be leavin', still I smell of eau de parfum
She can't run 'cause I got Cinderella's right shoe
In that white gown that I be seein' right through
Crowd obscurin' my view
There's nothin' left to argue (bonjour)
At least there's not from my view (bonjour)When we were young the future was so bright (Woah)
The old neighborhood was so alive (Woah)
And every kid on the whole damn street (Woah)
Was gonna make it big and not be beat
Now the neighborhood's cracked and torn (Woah)
The kids are grown up but their lives are worn (Woah)
How can one little street
Swallow so many lives?

Chances thrown, nothing's free
Longing for what used to be
Still it's hard, hard to see
Fragile lives, shattered dreams
(Go!)

Jamie had a chance, well she really did (Woah)
Instead she dropped out and had a couple of kids (Woah)
Mark still lives at home 'cause he's got no job (Woah)
He just plays guitar and smokes a lot of pot
Jay committed suicide (Woah)
Brandon OD'd and died (Woah)
What the hell is going on?
The cruelest dream, reality

Chances thrown, nothing's free
Longing for what used to be
Still it's hard, hard to see
Fragile lives, shattered dreams
(Go!)

Chances thrown, nothing's free
Longing for what used to be
Still it's hard, hard to see
Fragile lives, shattered dreamsAye Boo get these motherfuckers and pass that Jack

I see you bitches talking loud but you ain't saying shit
Get the fuck from round here, you don't rep my shit
You ain't from my city, you don't know about this
You don't want that drama, you ain't ready for it, bitch
Now throw it up, yeah, ho, throw it up
Throw it up, yeah, ho, you ain't ready for it, bitch
Throw it up, yeah, ho, throw it up, throw it up
You ain't ready for it, bitch

I already got, two cars in the yard that don't run
So why would I wanna break shit down for you
Better me confuse with the punchlines and bars that I launch
Here the king of debauchery come, with a cracker dick
To fuck you in that pussy carpet you munch
If I'm not hardly the one
You must be barely the one billionth
Really you kidding, bitch I'm the prodigal son
And I'm stunting like my Daddy
D-dr-d-drinking like my Mama
C-c-country like my uncles
Stuttering like a CD in a donk
BUMP, BUMP, BUMP, BUMP
And I'm in a blue Chevy
Running over motherfuckers in first
I ain't even shift gears yet
I ain't even here yet, I'm outta this Earth
Right, yeah ho
But I just hit the surface
And I'm bout to walk into a bank
With a shank and a black can of paint to check the clerk
Where the keys
Bitch you better check your purse
I gotta brick of herb
And I hit the syrup
And I'm feeling like I might just hit the curb
So get the fuck outta my way buddy
You don't wanna run around the chicken house with a heart of a puppy dog
Yelawolf and Eminem shit
Sufferin' succotash, yeah suck a dick bitch

I see you bitches talking loud but you ain't saying shit
Get the fuck from round here, you don't rep my shit
You ain't from my city, you don't know about this
You don't want that drama, you ain't ready for it, bitch
Now throw it up, yeah, ho, throw it up
Throw it up, yeah, ho, you ain't ready for it, bitch
Throw it up, yeah, ho, throw it up, throw it up
You ain't ready for it, bitch

Bitch please you don't wanna step up to this Misses
G-A-N-G-S-T-A Boo make a nigga hit his knees when
I'm up in the building, preachin' to my children
I don't be taking no shit from you haters
You'll make me hurt one of your feelings
Ha ha ha ha
Nah nah ni nah nah
Pick your face up off the floor
I got you feeling sad now
You be on that Hokiewag, Hokiewag is bullshit
Run into this Gangsta, have your preacher at the pulpit bitch
I was born on the Mississippi River
Take no shit from a bitch or a nigga
So, so crazy gotta fucked up temper
Bi-pola', not Nicki I'm worser, I'll hurt ya
I got a crazy-ass mind game
Ma nigga, I'm a lion, untamed
Hunt ya ass down in my jungle, I do this
I tell them hoes, you ain't ready for it bitch

I see you bitches talking loud but you ain't saying shit
Get the fuck from round here, you don't rep my shit
You ain't from my city, you don't know about this
You don't want that drama, you ain't ready for it, bitch
Now throw it up, yeah, ho, throw it up
Throw it up, yeah, ho, you ain't ready for it, bitch
Throw it up, yeah, ho, throw it up, throw it up
You ain't ready for it, bitch

Me and Yelawolf
Tear the roof off this motherfucker
You ain't got the umph
You're a hoof to the foot of an elephant
Hello toots, you look so eloquent
That's what I tell a cunt
Come sit up front cause you're kicking my seat
And I'm trying to tell the cashier what I want
They say I act like an asshole
When I pull up at the White Castle
And I ask for an appli-cation
Throw it back in her face and
Tell the bitch I'm a rapper, then I wack her
In the head with a Whopper
That I bought from BK, you expect me to be proper
Bitch you better pop in a CD of me immediately slut, ho
Skidda dee da da
Prada, not a chance
I was thinking about buying you some clothes
But Target's closed
So I decided to mosey on over to K-Mart but the doors
Was locked, what about some shoes I thought
Great I suppose
So I go to Payless but what'dya know
They didn't carry a size eight in hoes
Oh, this is ugly boy swag
Putting toe tags on you motherfucking ho bags
What a Trailer Trash pioneer
I am yeah, that's why I'm here
I don't got a rhyme book it's more like a motherfuckin' diary of diarrhea
Me, Yelawolf and Gangsta Boo came here to show you a thing or two
Bout sign language, middle fingers aimed at you
So we don't gotta scream at you
Ow, I just bit my bottom lip, it was an accident
I went to go tell em all to go get fucked
But I'm never gonna bite my tongue
Little bitch, throw it up

What the fuck is this, White dog
Yo
Yo, what' up?
What' up?
Uh, you do that verse?
Yeah, I just killed that shit
What?
Nah, nothin'. Urm, yo, you know what I was thinking, man?
I think the one thing that er... that the album don't have
That might be missing
Is like er... a song for, like, for girls
Uh, what do you mean? For like bitches?
Nah, girls. Like a love song
No?!
We need one!
Like—love song, love song?
Yeah, man, bitches like love songs!Don't you know your queen?
Ripped, heaving
Flower bloom at my feet
Don't you know your queen?
Cracked, peeling
Riddled with disease
Don't you know me?

No family is safe
When I sashay

Don't you know your queen?
Gleaming
Wrapped in golden leaves
Don't you know me?
Rank, ragged
Skin sewn on in sheets
Casing the barracks
For an ass to break and harness into the fold

No family is safe
When I sashayAyy, ayy
Yuh

Okay, shorty, (Ayy!) okay, shorty (Yuh!)
Okay, shorty, (Yuh!) okay, shorty (Okay!)
Okay, shorty, (Okay!) okay, shorty (Okay!)
Okay, shorty
Throw that ass back, uh, yuh (Throw that)
Throw that ass back, uh, yuh (Throw that)
Throw that ass back, uh, yuh (Ayy!)
Throw that ass back, uh, yuh (Ayy)
Okay, shorty, (Okay!) okay, shorty (Okay!)
Okay, shorty, (Okay!) okay, shorty
Okay, shorty, (Ayy!) okay, shorty (Yuh!)
Okay, shorty, (Yuh!) okay, shorty
Throw that ass back, uh, yuh
Throw that ass back, uh, yuh (Ayy! Ay-ayy!)
Throw that ass back, uh, yuh (Yuh!)
Throw that ass back, uh

Spin on my dick, uh, yuh
Just like a fidget, uh, yuh (Ayy! ayy!)
When she on my dick, uh, ayy
Look like a midget, uh, ayy (Ayy!)
Okay, lil' shawty wan' eat on my body
Just like a Frito-Lay, uh, yuh
Just like I'm Phineas, or like lil' Ferb!
"What did you do today?," uh, yuh, ayy (Ayy-ayy, ayy-ayy)

You already know I'm rockin' nigga (You already know I'm rockin' nigga)
I got Tank in the booth (I got Tank in the booth)
Haha! (Haha)
Where ya Glock at, Tank? (Where ya Glock at, Tank?)
Ayy! (Ayy, ayy!) Yuh! (Yuh!)

Okay, shorty, okay, shorty
Okay, shorty, okay, shorty
Okay, shorty, okay, shorty
Okay, shorty
Throw that ass back, uh, yuh
Throw that ass back, uh, yuh (Ayy, ayy!)
Throw that ass back, uh, yuh (Ayy, ayy)
Throw that ass back, uh, yuh (Ayy, ayy!)
Okay, shorty, (Yuh!) okay, shorty (Ayy!)
Okay, shorty, (Ayy!) okay, shorty (Ayy!)
Okay, shorty, (Yuh!) okay, shorty (Ayy!)
Okay, shorty, (Yuh!) okay, shorty
Throw that ass back, uh, yuh
Throw that ass back, uh, yuh
Throw that ass back, uh, yuh (Ay-ayy!)
Throw that ass back, uh

Molly water, uh, yuhThinkin' how you would be thinkin', I'm feeling you close
I'm dreamin' how you would be dreamin' and hoping you over
I give what you give and I never back out of decisions
I feel what you feel and I'm hoping and prayin' and willing
I'm nervous, you nervous
You drinkin', I'm drinkin'; we rockin'
I'm talkin', you talkin'
I'm in it, you in it; no stopping
I'm quiet, you quiet
We sit here, we looking in silence

I'll be there I'll be there I'll be
I'll be there I'll be there I'll be
I be you baby
I be you baby
I be you baby
And I might can't do, what you do
But I'll be, I said I'll be there

You workin,' I'm workin'
I get that coffin and kill that pussy in Venice
Yeah, You sweatin', I'm sweatin'
We overdoing the mollys, won't let us finish
Yeah, I need it, you need it
And we both fiendin', I guess that's our agreement
I'm naked, you naked
And neither one of us tryna look for a blanket
Got questions on questions about what answers, I know
Because when we're drinkin'
Your spirit, my spirit illuminates through our bodies
I feel we whole
Eye contact exchanging favors, I guess it's better you know me

[I'll be there I'll be there I'll be
I'll be there I'll be there I'll be]
[I be you baby
[I be you baby
[I be you baby
[And I might can't do, what you do
But I'll be, I said I'll be there]

I'll be there, I'll be there, I'll be there
I be you baby, I see you baby
I see you in the morning, I see you in the evening
I see you in the nighttime when I thought I was creepin'
I see you baby
I'll be you baby
And I was sittin' at home lonely wishing you was here
Now I'm thinkin' to myself "Why I ain't already leave yet?"
I see you baby
I'll be you baby
I see you in the morning, I see you in the evening
I see you in the nighttime when I thought I was creepin'
I see you babyTheres a few women out here
That got that million dollar pussy
Sometimes they come from a very struggling environment

Boarding pass that flight
But make sure you on it cause im here
And im thinking about that shit you said the other night when you text me
And said "when im off of your time, you better turn up, you got all the plugs, even wayne came to yo house"
Gold bottles in my kitchen
Candles in my restroom
And i sent her ass to my best room
That fire place got chest room
Two guests, indian or you gotta be arabic
That hour glass look mighty round
Is it real or did you inherit it
Phone calls on phone calls
Girl i keep that work going
All you gotta do is lick them lips
Girl gon and keep that flirt going
First night, popped it off
All you did was look
You was cool once you realize you wasn't fucking with no crook
Baby i dont kiss and brag
Ima follow your lead
I see the pussy got a tag on it
Go on and let that milli breathe

Champagne on her nipple
Dripping on my pistol
Fuck her like i miss her
I just met her and dismissed her
Marble on my counter
Mollys on my counter
Roses in my yard
Dying by the day
Trying water every seed
Showing off my seeds
Water all my seeds
Watch em grow to kids
Keys to the 'Gatti
Keys to the 'Rari
Keys to the Lambo
Keys to the Mansion
Keys to the Penthouse
Hmm hmm hmm
You contagious
I can taste it
You need to fuck me like you love me
From your face is on this back, You know your into me
You a fein to me
You into me
You Into MeOh, yeah
(Oh, is that Kaniel again?)
Oh
(Ayy, bring it, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back)
Oh, yeah

Laid up, got me thinkin', babe
Tell me if you with it 'cause I'm with it, babe
I haven't heard from you in a minute, babe
Just tell me what to do when I get it, babe
Gucci and Prada

Trips to your crib in the middle of the night
I know that you miss me 'cause I put it down right
Damn, babe, I can put you on a flight
You know that a nigga like me can change your life

Oh, baby
Everything you do is amazing
Ain't nobody watchin', go crazy
I got what you need
Everybody think you shy, but I know you a freak, lil' baby (Oh)
Everything you do is amazing (Yeah)
Ain't nobody watchin', go crazy (Yeah)
I got what you need (Yeah)
Everybody think you shy, but I know you a freak, lil' baby (Yeah)

I been overseas goin' crazy (Yeah)
I can tell you love it when we made up (Ayy)
Black and gray diamonds like a Raider (Raider)
Orange peel, your love is real (Yeah)
Lovin' skills, I need some lovin' skills (Yeah)
Left my dirty drawers and you love me still (Yeah)
Eyes come lazy, but she is real (Yeah)
Dressed to kill (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
We can bum-bum 'til you're tired (Oh)
I can put a stone by your eye (Oh)
I can see you never switchin' sides
You never tell me lies
Not rushin' tie-ties, yeah

Trips to your crib in the middle of the night
I know that you miss me 'cause I put it down right
Damn, babe, I can put you on a flight
You know that a nigga like me can change your life

Oh, baby
Everything you do is amazing
Ain't nobody watchin', go crazy (I got what you need)
I got what you need
Everybody think you shy, but I know you a freak, lil' baby

Yeah, get me lit
Hoes on my phone when they find out that I'm rich
Then they switch when they see I'm choosin' on my bitch
Top down, got her doin' donuts on the dick, yeah
Pose for the flick
Damn it, bust it, baby, watch you do it on a split
She don't need no hands or no pants, do your dance
Poppin' rubber bands, did the dash, make it fast (Oh)
(Ayy, bring it, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back)
Yeah, waitin' by me phone just to dick you down, down
Let me put it down, down
Now put it down, down
Watch me put it down, down (Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back)
Put it down, down

Trips to your crib in the middle of the night
I know that you miss me 'cause I put it down right
Damn, babe, I can put you on a flight
You know that a nigga like me can change your life

Oh, baby
Everything you do is amazing
Ain't nobody watchin', go crazy
I got what you need
Everybody think you shy, but I know you a freak, lil' baby (Oh)
Everything you do is amazing (Yeah)
Ain't nobody watchin', go crazy
I got what you need
Everybody think you shy, but I know you a freak, lil' babyIt's that Project Baby
And we about fifteen up, you know what I mean?
They 'gon try take advantage of this money
Shit coming in fast
They know we ain't got a blueprint of this shit
We just came into this shit with it already

Baby mama flagein', she don't get no pardon
Boostin' up my ego, made me go my hardest
Took me out the PJ and put me in a mansion
Break my pill down three ways, made me feel outstandin'
Panamera these days, used to ride the banshee
Louis Vuitton these thots, I trap out the spot
Hermes belts and drapes, keep my doggies straight
Kodak buyin' a Wraith, soon as he beat the case

All I know, identity theft, I buried all the credit cards
G1 had me in the kitchen, sellin' hard and doin' fraud
Took me out the 'jects, now I'm flyin' private jets, nigga
'Member snatchin' chains, I got my own around my neck, nigga
I caught five kidnappin', but I ain't no babysitter
I caught five kidnappin', how you let me take your nigga?
Posted on the ugly, I jump out, go to bustin'
My baby mama dusty, got my little one out here musky
Skrrt, skrrt, pull up in a vert, call it a pullback, ayy
Pull up in a Wraith, they be like "Who is that"?
Pulling up in luxury, thank God, ain't no more strugglin'
I'm rollin' 'round, I be duffelin'
She under arrest, I'm cuffin' it

Baby mama flagein', she don't get no pardon
Boostin' up my ego, made me go my hardest
Took me out the PJ and put me in a mansion
Break my pill down three ways, made me feel outstandin'
Panamera these days, used to ride the banshee
Louis Vuitton these thots, I trap out the spot
Hermes belts and drapes, keep my doggies straight
Kodak buyin' a Wraith, soon as he beat the case

I just beat the case, I'm ridin' in a double R
Spread the cheese with your people, gotta feed the squad
I bought my mama and my brothers, them another car
At first I was playin' with this shit, but now I'm goin' hard
It's like my baby mama feel like she the superstar
I threw away the Fossil watch and bought an Audemars
Was in the 'Yota, now I'm ridin' in the luxury car
I was off the chain, now a youngin' on the charts
I was ridin' Suzuki, ayy, now I'm actin' boujee, ayy
Now I'm coolin', foolin', I'm just 'bout my music
No more shootin' cee-lo, poppin' wheelies on the Banshee
Can't be thuggin' no more, homie, I stay in a mansion
I'm on mollys and the Xannies, feel extravagant
Took me off the ugly corner, I'm ridin' panoramic
You hate the way I'm transitionin', I'm corporate thugging
You miss when I was headfirst, when I wasn't gettin' no money

Baby mama flagein', she don't get no pardon
Boostin' up my ego, made me go my hardest
Took me out the PJ and put me in a mansion
Break my pill down three ways, made me feel outstandin'
Panamera these days, used to ride the banshee
Louis Vuitton these thots, I trap out the spot
Hermes belts and drapes, keep my doggies straight
Kodak buyin' a Wraith, soon as he beat the case, yeahA cloud hangs over this city by the sea
I watch the ships pass and wonder if she might be
Out there and sober as well from loneliness
Please do persist, girl it's time we met and made a mess

I picture your face at the back of my eyes
A fire in the attic, proof of the prize
Anna-Molly, Anna-Molly, Anna-Molly

A cloud hangs over and mutes my happiness
A thousand ships couldn't sail me back from distress
Wish you were here I'm a wounded satellite
I need you now, put me back together, make me right

I picture your face at the back of my eyes
A fire in the attic, proof of the prize
Anna-Molly, Anna-Molly, Anna-Molly
I'm calling your name up into the air
Not one of the others could ever compare!
Anna-Molly, Anna-Molly!

Wait, there is a light
There is a fire
Illuminated attic
Fate, or something better
I could care less
Just stay with me a while
Wait, there is a light
There is a fire
De-fragmenting the attic
Fate, or something better
I could care less
Just stay with me a while, oh

I picture your face at the back of my eyes
A fire in the attic, proof of the prize
Anna-Molly, Anna-Molly, Anna-Molly
I'm calling your name up into the air
Not one of the others could ever compare!
Anna-Molly, Anna-Molly!

(Wait, there is a light
There is a fire) Anna-Molly!
(De-fragmenting the attic)
(Fate, or something better
I could care less) Anna-Molly!
(Just stay with me a while, oh)Buda, Buda, Buda
Yuh, lil Buda, lil krysty, ya
Ha, ya, 2-0-1-9
Buda, buda
Lil mommy, lil mommy, lil mommy, ha-ha
Mama-mama-mama
Let's go, let’s go

Ха-ха, lil mommy, эй (what)
Сначала встретились наши взгляды, эй (lil mommy, да)
Затем прикосновения руками (руками, да)
Посиди на моём лице, как на диване, а (как на диване)
Ха-ха, lil mommy, эй (lil mommy)
Мы с тобой теряемся в танце, эй
Теряемся в этом пространстве
Real nigga shit, эй, мы, как африканцы

Эй, мама, я голодный
Эй, я залез к тебе в DM как Torrent (Torrent)
И скачал тебя, как пачку порно (скачал)
Ты — восьмёрка, все подруги — тоже (тоже)
Эй, мама, эти формы
Горки, как на лыжах в Сочи (в Сочи)
И ты мне потом позвонишь (мама-мама)
Я твой номер не запомню

Ха-ха, lil mommy, эй (what)
Сначала встретились наши взгляды, эй (lil mommy, да)
Затем прикосновения руками (руками, да)
Посиди на моём лице, как на диване, а (как на диване)
Ха-ха, lil mommy, эй (lil mommy)
Мы с тобой теряемся в танце, эй
Теряемся в этом пространстве
Real nigga shit, эй, мы, как африканцы

"Оу, хороший секс не испортит дружбу" (нет-нет)
Сказал так и трахнул лучшую подругу (грязь-грязь)
Oh, what, пустили блант по кругу (мы курим-курим)
Ya, Louis Vuitton Kush — то, что мы курим (пау-пау)
Я влюбился в её pussy (pussy-pussy)
Я влюбился в её punani (punani)
Yeah, she's give me brain, wow
Очень много знаний (очень-очень-очень-очень)
А, е, мы с малышкой на Бали (skrt-skrt)
Улетели от серых зданий

Ха-ха, lil mommy, эй (what)
Сначала встретились наши взгляды, эй (lil mommy, да)
Затем прикосновения руками (руками, да)
Посиди на моём лице, как на диване, а (как на диване)
Ха-ха, lil mommy, эй (lil mommy)
Мы с тобой теряемся в танце, эй
Теряемся в этом пространстве
Real nigga shit, эй, мы, как африканцы

В Африке
Она моя thottie, любит этот molly, любит guapDi depan teras rumah
Fana merah jambu, ku berdua
Momen-momen tak palsu
Air tuhan turun, aromamu
Tersalurkan aliran syaraf buntu
Martin tua media pembuka
Berdansa sore hariku
Sejiwa alam dan duniamu
Melebur sifat kakuku
Hal bodoh jadi lucu
Obrolan tak perlu kala itu
Oh tersalurkan aliran syaraf buntu
Martin tua media pembuka
Berdansa sore hariku
Sejiwa alam dan duniamu
Melebur sifat kakuku
Rasanya tak cukup waktu
Terlalu cepat berlalu
Soreku nyaman denganmu
Menarilah, menarilah
Menarilah denganku
Genggam tangan cokelatku
Berputar-putar denganku
Menarilah denganku
Menarilah, menarilah
Tersalurkan aliran syaraf buntu
Martin tua media pembuka
Tersalurkan aliran syaraf buntu
Martin tua media pembuka
Media pembuka
Berdansa sore hariku
Sejiwa alam dan duniamu
Melebur sifat kakuku
Rasanya tak cukup waktu
Terlalu cepat berlalu
Soreku nyaman denganmu
Oh Menarilah, menarilah
Oh Menarilah denganku
Genggam tangan cokelatku
Berputar - putar denganku
Menarilah denganku
MenarilahAdvertise in imaginative ways, start your free trial today
Come on in, the water's lovely
Look, you could meet someone you like
During the meteor strike, it is that easy
Lunar surface on a Saturday night, dressed up in silver and white
With coloured Old Grey Whistle Test lights

Take it easy for a little while
Come and stay with us, it’s such an easy flight
Cute new places keep on popping up
Since the exodus, it's all getting gentrified
I put a taqueria on the roof, it was well reviewed
Four stars out of five
And that's unheard of

Mr. Bridge and Tunnel on the Starlight Express
The head of special effects in my mind’s eye
Hokey Cokey with the opposite sex
The things you try to forget, doesn't time fly?
I'm in no position to give advice, I don't want to be nice
And you know that

Take it easy for a little while
Come and stay with us, it's such an easy flight
Cute new places keep on popping up
Around Clavius, it's all getting gentrified
The Information-Action Ratio is the place to go
And you will not recognise the old headquarters

All the nights that never happened and the days that don't exist
At the Information-Action Ratio
The only time that we stop laughing is to breathe or steal a kiss
I can get you on the list for all the clubs
I can lift you up another semitone

Take it easy for a little while (Take it easy for a little while)
Come and stay with us, it's such an easy flight
Cute new places keep on popping up
(Cute new places keep on popping up)
Since the exodus, it’s all getting gentrified
The Information-Action Ratio (The Information-Action Ratio)
Is the place to go, four stars out of five
Take it easy for a little while (Take it easy for a little while)
Come and stay with us, now, it’s such an easy flight
Cute new places keep on popping up
(Cute new places keep on popping up)
Around Clavius, it's all getting gentrified
I put a taqueria on the moon (The Information-Action Ratio)
It got rave reviews, four stars out of five

Take it easy for a little while (Take it easy for a little while)
Come and stay with us, four stars out of five
Take it easy for a little while (Take it easy for a little while)
Come and stay with us, four stars out of five
Take it easy for a little while (Take it easy for a little while)
Come and stay with us, four stars out of five
Take it easy for a little while (Take it easy for a little while)
Come and stay with us, four stars out of five
(Take it easy for a little while)
Four stars out of fiveGood times, good times
There's gonna be good times, good times
I know there's gonna be-
Work every day 'til me meet ends
Haffi tun it up pon weekends
Buss a toast, be a real friend
Tell me weh yuh drinking, cah

I know there's gonna be good times
(And he runnin' up all the money on these hoes)
There's gonna be good times (Good time, ayy)
There's gonna be good times
There's- (Good time, ayy)

Um, good times, there's gon' be some good times
'Member we used to pull up and let 'em fight?
That's that hood time
'Member I used to grab on that ass
When it was 'bout that wood time? (Fatty)
If that bitch walk up trippin' she get that mush time (Move, bitch)
I don't waste time, I don't waste time
I don't have patience, baby (Baby)
She gon' get on top of this dick and she gon' squish it like squish
Then go fast, she Speed Racin' (Skrrt)
We gon' ball, Walter Payton
She my boss like I'm grandson
Come here bae, I'ma listen
I let her write me my suggestions (Hey)
Pop quiz, it's a pop quiz (Pop it)
All my money comin' clean, you can't pop this (No)
She got that pussy locked up like locksmith (Damn)
Watch her come to my lights like a reindeer (Ice)
Me and Papi on the same pills (Papi)
My diamonds could never stand still (No way)
Where you goin'? Can you come here? (Come here, babe)
I'll always take you back for your sex appeal

Good time ayy
Come have a good time, buss a bad wine
I know there's gonna be good times
Know seh you waan gimme sumn long time
There's gonna be good times
Me deal with deh scene ruff sumn like crime
There's gonna be good times
Yuh a mek mi sing this line

I know there's gonna be good times (Good times)
There's gonna be good times (Say what I did, you know, bro)
Good time, ayy
There's gonna be good times (Therefore, good times)
There's gonna be good-

I'ma ride in that pussy like a stroller, uh
I'll survive in a mothafuckin' gutter, uh
That's my mothafuckin' woadie, like the Nolia
And, and I'm comin' red like Coke-Cola (Red)
I'ma have a very good time
I swear to God I can't never sideline lil' shorty (What you tell her, Thugger?)
She say she likes all of a nigga rhymes (And what, Thugger?)
Where is my phone? That pussy callin'
I want you to pass it to Thugger Thugger
Even in the summertime me and lil' shawty cuddle (Woo)
I swear to God I'ma tip you, you don't got to struggle (Ayy)
Baby girl sit it down, you not known like an usher (Ayy)
I told lil' mama I don't bite but my teeth do
I wanna control you like voodoo
I'm steady screamin' free Unfunk and DuLu (And what?)
Every time I have a good time Duke do too

Good time, ayy
Come have a good time, buss a bad wine
I know there's gonna be good times
Know seh you waan gimme sumn long time
There's gonna be good times
Me deal with deh scene ruff sumn like crime
There's gonna be good times
Yuh a mek mi sing this line
There's gonna be good-

I know there's gonna be good times (Good times)
There's gonna be good times
There's gonna be good times (Good times)
There's gonna be good- (Good time, ayy)
Good times, there's gon' be some-there's gon' be some-
I know there's gonna be good times (Good time)
(And he runnin' up all the money on these hoes)
There's gonna be good times (Good time, ayy, sup)
There's gonna be good times (Good times)
There's gonna be good-
Oh, ahh, oh-nah, ahh, oh-nah, ahh, oh-nah, ahh

No, that was too funny...
It was good, you know?
We enjoyed it but we never used to like rave to itJust me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh
Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh

Trying to sneak upstairs to your apartment
Aren't you a sight for red eyes?
I just flew in and slipped in on your left side
Just a satin gown, you asleep with no make-up
I'm just tryna be inside you 'fore you wake up

Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh
Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh

We had problems but it's all in the past
Everybody got problems, baby, algebra class
Remember I used to do things that'd make you laugh
Like orderin' a girl drink in a masculine glass?
You like piña coladas, getting caught in the rain
Or rocking flannels all summer like Kurt Cobain
Or that Dolce Gabbana with a few gold chains
And you the type of girl that probably deserve a new last name
But, they never let us do our thing
Everybody lying on who I bang
We was on fire but they blew our flame
Ain't no denying, baby, you have changed
'Cause now your high heels clicking, your lip gloss glisten
Your hips start switching, you're pissed off, tripping
'Cause even when we're kissing, baby girl feel different
Friends all diss him like, "No he didn't?
No he didn't, is you talking about Kitten?
Is that bitch still stripping?
Trying to get a pair of Christians?"
I swear to God that they got you going crazy
But you play it off and say, "How is work, baby?"
Well, some of the models is too coked up to walk straight
But seem to still love the man that they all hate
But babe, I call you back and say that you say that always
And kept me on the phone and demanded they all wait
See, she knew about all my lies the whole time
And my credit's so bad I can't get no one to cosign
I would've thought she would've bust in the door cryin'
But she upped and left a nigga and she ain't give me no sign
Now, she back in the club in a tight dress
With dreams of someday wearing a white dress
Seen with some lame, it's a miracle that she'd
Talk to a nigga with a ten-year ago swag
Plus I don't like none of her girlfriends
Quote unquote, "'Cause her girlfriends got girlfriends"
On the phone, hollin' that "Niggas is whatever"
Let's fly to Euro and make this the best summer ever
Now she heading to Rome, Rome is the home
Rome is where she act like she ain't got no fucking phone
I accept that I was wrong, except a nigga grown
So I can't bitch and moan, in a session gettin' stoned
So a nigga had to hop on a plane
A bus and a train, to try to come and talk and explain
Rented the whole bottom floor for a candlelight dinner
Turned the lights out and put my candle right in her
And told her, "Even though I met you in a club in a tight dress
At first sight I could picture you in a white dress"
Thirty foot train, diamond from Lorraine
Just to make up for all the years and the pain
Family on both sides, I'm so glad you came
Aunty couldn't make it, oh no, that's a shame
Wedding in June, what could be better?
Let's fly to Euro, make this the best summer ever
Take the very last car of the Eurostar
Tell the conductor, "Just drive so far"
Told some of your friends and they wasn't excited
Well, we gon' tour the countryside and they won't be invited
We will not be disturbed by the fussin' and fighting
Tell Peaches light the herb 'cause we just reunited
Let's make a move from these herbs, go somewhere in private
I'm talking just me and you and the plane and the pilot, uh

Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh
Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh*Eminem pukes into the toilet*
*Eminem hocks and spits into the toilet*
*Toilet flush*
There I go, thinking of you again

You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fucking sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you I puke
You must just not kno-o-o-o-o-o-ow
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you I puke

I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little poem
But off of the dome would probably be a little more
More suitable for this type of song, whoa
I got a million reasons off the top of my head that I could think of
Sixteen bars just ain't enough to put some ink to
So fuck it, I'ma start right here, I'll just be brief, I'm
'Bout to rattle off some of the reasons
I knew I shouldn't go and get another tattoo
Of you on my arm, but what do I go and do?
I go and get another one, now I got two (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
Now I'm sitting here with your name on my skin
I can't believe I went and did this stupid shit again
My next girlfriend, now her name's gotta be Kim (Shi-i-i-i-i-i-it)
If you only knew how much I hated you
For every motherfucking thing you've ever put us through
Then I wouldn't be standing here crying over you (Boo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-hoo)

You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fucking sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you I puke
You must just not kno-o-o-o-o-o-ow
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you I puke

I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little letter
But I thought a song would probably be a little better
Instead of a letter that you'd probably just shred up, yeah
I stumbled on your picture yesterday and it made me stop and think of
How much of a waste it'd be for me to put some ink to, a stupid piece of
Paper, I'd rather let you see how
Much I fucking hate you in a freestyle
You're a fucking cokehead slut, I hope you fucking die
I hope you get to hell and Satan sticks a needle in your eye
I hate your fucking guts, you fucking slut, I hope you die (Di-i-i-i-i-i-ie)
But please don't get me wrong, I'm not bitter or mad
It's not that I still love you, it's not 'cause I want you back
It's just that when I think of you it makes me wanna yack (A-a-a-a-a-a-ack)
But what else can I do? I haven't got a clue
Now I guess I'll just move on, I have no choice but to
But every time I think of you now all I wanna do is pu-u-u-u-u-u-uke

You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fucking sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you I puke
You must just not kno-o-o-o-o-o-ow
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you I puke

*Eminem pukes into the toilet*
*Eminem hocks and spits into the toilet*
*Toilet flush*
*Eminem burps*
Ah, damn!
Fucking bitchJuggin' on a Friday, but saw you on the freeway (Skrrt)
How could I forget that face, I don't even know your name
I'm in love with a ghost girl, all alone in a lonely world
I just really wanna find her, I'ma do another line first

Lyin' on the asphalt, Lil Peep, blacked out
Fuckin' with the CokeWave, let my man Max out
I be on some real shit, get it from my OG
I don't wanna hear shit, shawty, what you told me?
I don't give a fuck, bitch, I be on my lonely
Lookin' for the right girl, why you all up on me?
Love me for a night, girl, hate me in the mornin'
Yeah, I know you're tight girl, so I make her blow me
Lil Peep

Look me in my eyes, girl (Look me in my eyes, girl)
Tell me if you think that it's a lie, girl (Lie, girl)
Gettin' tired of your girl (Gettin' tired of your girl)
I know I need my own girl, my girl (My girl)
Look me in my eyes, girl (Look me in my eyes, girl)
Tell me if you think that it's a lie, girl (Lie, girl)
Gettin' tired of your girl (Gettin' tired of your girl)
I know I need my own girl

Juggin' on a Friday, but saw you on the freeway (Skrrt)
How could I forget that face, I don't even know your name
I'm in love with a ghost girl, all alone in a lonely world
I just really wanna find her, I'ma do another line firstArkada kalmış gözlerin sahipleri dertte
Yumruktan güçlü sözlerle bu adam harpte
Ataklarım atak, an gelir, zaman "geldim" der
Zevkten dört köşe olan ring bana "savaş" der
Bir sert tavırla karşılarsa seni hayat
Bir dirsek darbesi kadar da can yaksa
Buna da dayanacak o gücü bulursun
Sertlik kanında var hayatın, anladın mı hayatım? Anlattım ben
Kaçıyorum iyi olmanın yetmediği o yerlerden
Karartan içimi kopkoyu renklerden
Topladım beni yerden
Yerle bir olduğum yerlerden ben
Eldivenler ellerimde, hayat ringimde
"Ding-dong" sesi ile King-Kong uyanır içimde
Bir gong çalar, ben buz soğuk kanlı
Fedaim bileklerinden ilhamlı

Güler yüzlü mü sandın?
Sertlik kanında var hayatın
Bu ilk arbedesi değil, sonuncusu asla, onun değil umurunda
Kendin gibi mi sandın?
Sertlik kanında var hayatın
Bu ilk saldırısı değil, sonuncusu asla
Kimisi dayanamaz fazla
Geleceği yakınıma alıp ona bakıp bakıp dalsam
Eğer bana iyi gelecekse
Gelmeyecekse yakınıma yanaştırmayıp uzak edebilsem kilometrelerce
Hey (what?), bekle (what?)!
Beni al ve götür gitmek istediğim yerlere acele
Sertlik kanında var hayatın, anladın mı? Anlattım
Hey (what?), bekle (what?)!
Beni al ve götür gitmek istediğim yerlere acele
Sertlik kanında var hayatın, anladın mı? Anlattım

Karanlık hüküm sürer eğer ışıktan zerre yoksa
Bir an karanlık çöker güneş orada olsa da
Ben yalnızım kalabalıkta
Milyon insan ortalıkta gördü gözüm, satılık da kiralık da
Ne işim var değerliyken şu değersiz parsada?
Dağıtırım toparlanmam biraz güç olsa da
Dört tarafı tedirginlik çevrili bu arsada korkmuyorum
Korku çevremi aç kurt gibi sarsa da
Bildiğim şey bilmediğimin üzerinde değil şu an
Sichuan biberi gibi aroması bi' garip gelir tadana
Rutubetin çürüttüğü duvarlara badana
Olanları yapan olacaklar için daha hırslı
Gündüzler akşamlarımdan daha hızlı geçiyor
Yine beni seçiyor rastgele, olsun, o çakalsa ben hergele
Kemiklerin sağlam mı (ha)?
Bugün de hayatta olduğun için sevincimden ağlayayım mı?
Ben hep kendime böyle derim, aynam şikâyet yerim
Hikâye buysa kahraman benim, eğer yaptıysam var bi' nedenim (yeah)

Güler yüzlü mü sandın?
Sertlik kanında var hayatın
Bu ilk arbedesi değil, sonuncusu asla, onun değil umurunda
Kendin gibi mi sandın?
Sertlik kanında var hayatın
Bu ilk saldırısı değil, sonuncusu asla
Kimisi dayanamaz fazla
Geleceği yakınıma alıp ona bakıp bakıp dalsam
Eğer bana iyi gelecekse
Gelmeyecekse yakınıma yanaştırmayıp uzak edebilsem kilometrelerce
Hey (hey!), bekle (what?)!
Beni al ve götür gitmek istediğim yerlere acele
Sertlik kanında var hayatın, anladın mı? Anlattım
Hey (what?), bekle (check)!
Beni al ve götür gitmek istediğim yerlere acele
Sertlik kanında var hayatın, anladın mı? Anlattım

Attack!
Sago Kaf-Kef
Choose your weapon
I'm lyrically physically fit
Remember my name
Choose your weapon
I'm lyrically physically fitHei, gadis bermata cokelat
Di hatiku kau akrobat
Jantungku berdegup cepat
Setiap senyummu terlihat
Kau bagai sebuah candu
Membuatku selalu rindu
Ku menggubah nada syahdu
Maaf bila kurang merdu
Begini liriknya

Kau ingin diet
Tapi kubilang aku saja yang menggemukkan badan
Kau ingin putih
Tapi kubilang aku saja yang menghitamkan kulit
Kau ingin kaya
Tapi kubilang bahagia tidak selalu tentang harta
Kau ingin merayakan valentine tapi kubilang...

Sayang, valentine untukmu
365 hari
Dalam setahunku
Bukan tentang bunga dan coklat
Tapi tentang siapa yang tak pernah pergi
Saat kau terluka

Aku orangnya

Tak perlu repot berdandan
Atau selfie agar kekinian
Tak usah pakai pensil alis
Bagiku kau yang termanis

Kau ingin diet
Tapi kubilang aku saja yang menggemukkan badan
Kau ingin putih
Tapi kubilang aku saja yang menghitamkan kulit
Kau ingin kaya
Tapi kubilang bahagia tidak selalu tentang harta
Kau ingin merayakan valentine tapi kubilang...

Sayang, valentine untukmu
365 hari
Dalam setahunku
Bukan tentang bunga dan coklat
Tapi tentang siapa yang tak pernah pergi
Saat kau terluka

Aku orangnya

Sayang, valentine untukmu
8760 jam
Dalam setahunku
Bukan tentang perayaan
Tapi tentang siapa yang tak pernah pergi
Saat kau terluka

Menemanimu
Suka dan duka
Setiap hari
Bukan hanya 14 FebruariKeşmekeş her tarafımda
Her zaman iyi olur hava kararınca
Suratına pizza bu Rap Cowabunga
Hasta bi' his nigga "Hasta la vista"
Kafana bu paraşütü tak ve de gel
Kaldı mı saniyeler
Sadece gölgen taklit eder
Seni; Bu da egona 5 hafta yeter
Yine geri geri tak size göre militan
Tabii tabii kan akan açık ara kapatan
Bi' duvara çarp şoka girer acıdan
Azalan değerime faiz farz
Komik olur oğlum bizi denemesi
Saçmalık hepsi de çöp tenekesi
Sen kes sesini yap risk analizi
Bak sokakta yükselen isyan, isyan
Serserilikten bahsedeyim sen ders al
Yapma bu ters ha
Filipine gitsen de yok senin işin
Sub-Zero gibiyim söner ateşin
Çak beşi bana aradan
Bak bu da bizim eleman
Dostum n'aber? Senden n'aber?
Omzumdan çeksene şu elini lan!
Kelebek gibi rengarenk
Ama ölecek dostum n'aber Cenk
Sat denk bas gitsin kek
Sende ki Skoda bizdeki Mustang
Bak bunlar kalp atışlarım
Serseriler arkadaşlarım
Ben buyum ama yanlış anladın
Çok da sikimdeydin tatlım

(
Kara bulut üzerine çökücek)
Kahrını tarzını kıvırır o
Ağzını kanlı bi' kartalı tutamadı
Beni bilir aklını aldım hataları
Yap bana X akbaba lafı saklama
Te-te-tepetakla
Bak her kelimede bi' tribe girir evet
Edebi benim edebi eledi bedevi beni
Bedelini ödemeye 
Niye keksin rapçisin ama
Adam olamadın o da tek eksiğin
Dilim yanar param peşin işim yok peşin
Çok içip, yapar işim, yeşil bok, yeşil çok, işim çok
Toplama direksiyonu gittin her eksi yolu
Kovala flowu fakat o seni yakalarsa
Hissedersin ereksiyonu
Düşündüm bütün işler çözüldü
Bir puzzle oldu beynim gene
Benim on parçaya bölündü
Şans yok X ile Sans fırlatılan bir füze üzerine güdümlü
Bizimle dans edemez aga bu piyasada rap yapan hiçbir ölümlü

Biri bugün durdu, biri bugün vurdu
Biri bugün sesli, biri bugün sessiz
Biri bugün keyfli, biri bugün neydi
Biri bugün ehli, biri bugün yetti
Biri bugün yabancı, biri bugün yalancı
Biri bugün sendin, biri bugün ben
Biri bugün ağlar, biri bugün anlar
Biri bugün salar, biri bugün yalar
Biri bugün, biri dün
Biri "yarın" dedi kalmadı imkanın
Tanrım sakla perişanım
Saydın mı, bi' ben mi günahkarım?
Aç tek doz, teknik toz
Son kez çek, hiç ses yok
İstersek tek tek tek
Sek sek sek

Ekibimi yeniledim tam takır ileri gidelim
Bilemedim bu işin emeli nedir pelerinim sırtımda
Ben ölüm kadar çekiciyim
Bi' de sesi bok Maes'ın bi' o kadar da itici
Kimine terbiye vermek için tuttu elim kalemi
Dilime makine takıp şeytana bedeli ödedim
Bu dünyada cehenneme imzaladım senedi
Etime yer edip, aga kimi psycho Maes white dog
Polis sokağında geziniyo' buddy ayık ol
Kelepir Rap'in yeraltına olamadı icon
Lan Giz tam zırhlı araç sizin ki fayton ah
Türbülansa sokarım vokali
Bi' de çektin mi kokain adisin
Gündüzleri ayık gece matizim
Drum kit değişti ZP tam bi' katilsin
Ateşi yakmak mı sorun? Duramadım lan gene geri kal!
Sen mi militan kesiliyon başıma?
Kritik al bu takıma
Kafesteki köpekleri benim üstüme sal
M4A1 elimde sokağın rüyası
Gecene çökecek karanlığın farkına var
Kaçışın yok, GiZ GVNG motherfucker!The villain took on many forms...

Let he who is without sin cast the first stone
After you who's last, it's DOOM, he's the worst known
That'll have your boom blown or even thirst bone
Rock it 'till it burst clone, just don't curse the throne
Own his own microphone, bring it everywhere he go
So he can bring it to you live in stere-ere-o
Pan it, can't understand it, ban it
The underhanded ranted, planned it and left 'em stranded
The best, any who profess will be remanded
Yes sir, request permission to be candid? Granted
I don't think we can handle a style so rancid
They flipped it like Madlib, did a old jazz standard

Don't mind me, I wrote this rhyme lightly
Off of two or three Heines, and boy was they fine, G~
One black, one Spanish, one Chinese
It keeps the woody shiny year-round like a pine tree
Don't sign me, I'm about to get a mil' without 'em
Crowd him off the shelf, he's the villain, and what about him?
So, and he's a jerk and you don't know him
Mad how he expand work but won't show 'em
Poor guys, what a sight for old, sore four-eyes
Now hook me with two apple pies and a small fries
All rise, so far odd as a ruple
So raw, break it down and make quadruple
It's crucial, you could see it in his pupil
And this time when he get it he'll waste it on somethin' useful
Like getting juiced off a deuce-deuce of cokey
Keep it low key, known to pull a okey-dokey
Silly Goose, DOOM is too jokey
Damn he could really use a room or a hoe key
Egads, he got enough styles to start three fads
True dat, she bad, I wonder do she come with kneepads
What a call, what a real butterball
Either I get a strike or strike out, gutterball
Rock it like gear for the fall
With knives inside pockets, prepare for the brawl
Yeah y'all you could say its an earful
Beware, do not touch mic, be careful
And just like he said, I could'a told ya
MF, the holder of a boulder; money folder
It ain't funny, nigga
Money folder

The muscle-bound karate expert concealed a razor edge
Which could lop the head off of a marble statue once propelled
With notorious world takeover schemes and the most magnificent gadgets imaginable
Villains rapidly grew healthy cash flow
It is explained by a more comedic villain, the bald headed DOOM
This villain rose to incredible new heights of money-making, revenge and extortion
Such was the magnitude of the typical villain
This is no answer!
Very well then...
A duel to the deathTried to hide behind tired eyes, I sigh
I'm tired of trying to try not to cry and
I say soda, soda !
Tye dye O'er
I roll the dye
I coast, I dose, I...

A smile a guise
I'm trying to hide behind tired eyes, I sigh
I might survive the nighttime, I might die
I say soda soda, I'm a high roller
Yo sir I pose for the poster- Yep!
Icy Cola Coca, Sprite I love the most-a!
I ride rollercoasters! I try all the cultures!
A smile, a guise
Nighttime, is mine to lie eyes awide and I...
I'm tired of trying to try not to cry and...
I say soda !...
I'm lota, yo sir
I ride roller-
I try all the cultures!
Light my swollen smoker
I might comatosa
I once used to be your girl

I used to be your girl
I used to be your girl, girl
I used to be your girl
I used to be your girl
I used to be your girl
I used to be your...
(What I wanna do with you)

Been too busy, but I don't wanna deal with you
Been thinkin' 'bout the way you treat me right, yeah...
It's you and me, but I don't wanna deal with you
Been thinking 'bout the way you'll leave me right, here...
Been too busy, but I don't wanna deal with you
Been thinkin' 'bout the way you treat me right, yeah...
It's you and me, but I don't wanna deal with you
Been thinking 'bout the way you'll leave me right, here...

I'm trying to hide behind tired eyes, I sigh
I'm tired of trying to try not to cry and
I say soda, soda
Tye dye O'er, I roll the dye, I coast, I dose, I
Tra-la-la-la-la-la
Tra-la-la-la-la-la
(Tra-la-la-la-la-la)
I'm trying to hide behind tired eyes, I sigh
I'm tired of trying to try not to cry and
I say soda soda, I'm a high rolla- yo sir
I pose for the poster- Yep!
Icy Cola Coke-a, Sprite I love the most-a!
I ride rollercoasters, I try all the cultures
A smile, a guise
Nighttime is mine, and my eyes are wide at nightAnlatırken seni birden bozulur diksiyonum
Gittiğin o günden beri kâbuslarım bitmiyodur
Ahlaksız bir kargaşa ortasında kayboluruz
Sonra biter tüm filmler sen gidersin ay tutulur
Belki bir derde bir deva bulunur ardından serinler damarlar, ezilir yalanlar
Utanmicak aynalar ve kalanlar bir daha asla acı çekmeyecek
Hatta gülümseyecek dudaklar
Gel gelelim bana hasret çöker birden
Bir de rezaletin tırmandığı yokuşlardan umutlar yuvarla
Vücudumda büyük izler taşıyorken gözlerimde erozyon var
Betimleyen hiç bir cümlem güzel olmaz
Ölümden hüzün olmak
Bir yudumda sarhoş olmak kadar imkansızdır artık şimdi tekrar aşık olmak
Acına bağışıklık kazanmak, giderek azalmak
Tükenmek, yok olmak, boğulmak ancak bu son ol'cak

Bana bilmediğim bir şey anlat (Anlat!)
Yorgun düştüm en başından anlat (Anlat lan!)
Yeter bu kaçıncı imtahan bak
Yangının tam ortasında yakınmadan yanmaktan bıkmak (Bıkmak!)
Tüm şarkılar ahmak. Gözlerinin ertesinde doğru yoldan sapmak
İnancımı bir kenara bırakmak ve sonrasında her cümlene tapmak
Cennetinde yanmak

"Bu ne cürret!" der şimdi sadakatin şeytanı
"Bu kadar da olmaz!" diyor anne, kardeş, arkadaşım
Kontrolünü kaybettiğim duygular başkalaşır
Bir insanın bir insana duyduğu şu aşka bakın!
Sanki bir halkın tüm özgürlük umutları
Başka bir baharda tekrar filizlenir ve arda kalır
Patlar cam dünya göğe şarkılar saplanır
Şiirler kanar dört yanımda kurtulcaz yardım alıp
Olmadığının farkındayım, her dakika aklımdasın
Tabutlar kaldırılır ve çocuklar kandırılır
Yaralar sardırılır bir yenisi eklenir sabahında
Acısı tattırılır, herkes mi onu andırır?!
Güzel bir masal anlat, bir bayram günü mesela
Birbirine girmiş saç sakal üstüm başım paramparça
Gözlerim boş bakar bir şarkı başlar en sondan
Saplanan tüm ihanetler arkamızdan el sallar!

Bana bilmediğim bir şey anlat (Anlat!)
Yorgun düştüm en başından anlat (Anlat lan!)
Yeter bu kaçıncı imtahan bak
Yangının tam ortasında yakınmadan yanmaktan bıkmak (Bıkmak!)
Tüm şarkılar ahmak. Gözlerinin ertesinde doğru yoldan sapmak
İnancımı bir kenara bırakmak ve sonrasında her cümlene tapmak
Cennetinde yanmak
Rap Genius TürkiyeBu lanet mikrofona bininci çemkirişim zenci
Verse cinayet anahtarı bilakis saf İtalyan işi
Sanki bi' cin, üç ölüm hakkı doğdu sana hiciv
Flow'la mermi yarışı ciks o mikrofondaki de neci?
Yazdım, işin kitapı bitti yirmi cilt
Gel oku da bi' boka yara beyinsiz öğren bu şov kimin için?
Moron hayatın geçti tıkınmakla Burger King
Şu an bu aslan karşısında çaresizsin hemfikir ol
Ya da geber! Sana kefen
Rap elimde fener, sanki rhyme havalanan döner bıçağı rapçi gömer
Sikik ses telleri beynimde yaptı ödem
Kap tepeden, vur yere, parçalansın suratı
Şeytan diyor: "Canlı sok kefene!"
Havan söndü homie yap uygun adım catwalk
Bu mic'a Def ve ben fazlayız, Rap çölünde petrol
Style ve teknik dil yutturan cinsten ruhum tek ton
Elli çeşit metalden dövüldü gövdem, kalple senkron

Kaç git bura poligon atış alanı
Kalk üzerine geliyorlar adamın
İzini sür adamım, peşine takılanın
"Öl ya da vur onu!" bu oyunun kuralı
Kaç git bura poligon atış alanı
Kalk üzerine geliyorlar adamın
İzini sür adamım, peşine takılanın
"Öl ya da vur onu!" bu oyunun kuralı

Und ich sag' eins zu dem zwei
Und der Def zu dem izza
Benim arkamda tüm camia, senin arkanda Coşkun
Ben koştum, sen yattın herkes her şeyin farkında dostum fifty nine
İsterse tüm dünya karşımda dursun güya kulsun
Varsa kahpeliğimi gören hadi kalksın, konuşsun
Ceketi ters giy kıvrıl yat to Eazy'den sıktım bak
Pra-pa-pap, ülkemde maalesef muzikte kıtlık var
(Bu Rap), babana kondom kullanmadığı için bi' dert
Bu Def de maalesef kural bu: "İstişare yok, çökert bi' tatminsiz!"
İbne lan ne laf anlattığın mı doğru? Kaybol git
Uzaktan kafasına sapanla taş attığımın oğlu
Beni taklit etmek için zaman harcadığın o flow bu
Toplanıp geldiler, koydum! Topladılar çoğunu
Çünkü style'ım porno Def2Easy pasla microphone'u
Kaydır pantolonu, cap'i ters tak, rapçi oldun (Fuck you homie!)
Allâme, Def bu beat üstünde Shaquille O’Neal ve Michael Jordan
Hedefe giden yönde doğru kullanıyoruz aynı yolu

Kaç git bura poligon atış alanı
Kalk üzerine geliyorlar adamın
İzini sür adamım, peşine takılanın
"Öl ya da vur onu!" bu oyunun kuralı
Kaç git bura poligon atış alanı
Kalk üzerine geliyorlar adamın
İzini sür adamım, peşine takılanın
"Öl ya da vur onu!" bu oyunun kuralıI've been feeling suicidal
And if I need remind you
It's not the coming of my heart and my brain
I was thinking about how great
It would be if I could make the tightness in my chest go away
It's been a while since I've seen God
And I'm not trying to lead him on
But he's always trying to fuck me
To the tune of my favorite song
And they're playing "The '59 Sound" in heaven
While the angels were drinking up whiskey and Cokes
It's hard to freeze your anxieties
When your best friends' torching your coat
Your coat
Drop that phone, drink a glass of water
And call me when you get in your bed
I've seen inside your head
And I'm doing the surgery on the parts
That still wish you were dead
'Cause I've lost too many friends
So I'll say it again and again
And again and again
And again and again
And again and again
I'm not trying to say it's easy
But I'm trying to say it's fine
I've still got your demons
And they're not gonna be leaving any time
Any time soon
Any time soon
Any time soon
Any time soon
I'm not trying to say it's easy
But I'm trying to say it's fine

Since I was thirteen I’ve dealt with manic depression and I had a difficult time comprehending the things that I wanted to be and I lived a very happy life and I was turning eighteen and I was doing everything I could to try to make myself feel better but I felt an absence, I felt like I needed to die, I felt like nothing existed and I felt that I wasn't worthwhile breathing the same air as the ones I loved and my family, and then it came to the point where I started losing friends who had the same fucking ideas as myself but I have to be strong and I have to live my life as a continuation of theirs lost and I have to do everything in my fucking power to be the person that I can be and live my life the best way I fucking can and some days it's so hard to fucking stand and fucking stand and fucking stand and fucking standWhen I was in the seventh grade, I fell in love with a girl
I'm almost 20 years old, and I'm still in love with this girl
I wanna make love like the 80's
I wanna fuck you in your room and make babies
I'd fuck you if you would just let me
I'll fuck you in my new Mercedes
I want you to know I'm the best
Want you to know I'd make your pussy wet
If you lay down on my bed
If you lay down on my bed (down on my bed)
I'm not fucking with you anyway
Been trying to fuck you since the seventh grade
Bitch, can you tell that I'm high right now?
I don't know if you're my type right now
I fucked you in a dream once...

I saw the moonlight on your titties
There is no love in the heart of the city
I fucking dare you, come get me
Danger boys always be with me, there's dangers within me
I think of you getting choked up
Dairy Queen bathroom floor, getting coked up
Give me five minutes and I'll blow my brains out
First you break the pp, then I'll whip the chains out
I'm sneaking inside of your bedroom and telling you
Even though I tried, there's still no forgetting you
I swear to god I thought I would stop loving you
My dick gets hard when I'm near you, I'm fucking you
Are you fucking with me?
I'ma fuck you like it's 2003
I'ma fuck you like I did in my dream
I'ma fuck you like I did in my dream!

Are you thinking of me tonight?
I've been thinking 'bout you since forever (forever)
Are you thinking of me tonight?
I've been thinking 'bout  the two of us together (together)
Will you let me in your bed?
Will you let me in your bed tonight, tomorrow, forever? (forever)
Will you let me in your bed?
Will you let me in your bed?

Shout-out shorty
Shout-out shooty
Fuck do you mean that he cooler than me?
Go 'head bring the 2D titties to me
Deep in my dream, I see ass in my tomb
Skinny dip sucking my dick after school
FaceTime those tits so you know that it's real
I know you remember
I was away, I was the one for the longest
My dick is the strongest, I'd die for my squadron
My only question is, where are you now?
Awake in the night with this blade in my mouth
And this hate in my scalp
Looking like you want it
Keep up this act, and girl, you'll hear me callin'
I think I'm fallin'
But girl, I've seen it all

Are you thinking of me tonight?
I've been thinking 'bout you since forever (forever)
Are you thinking of me tonight?
I've been thinking 'bout  the two of us together (together)
Will you let me in your bed?
Will you let me in your bed tonight, tomorrow, forever? (forever)
Will you let me in your bed?
Will you let me in your bed?

Our love is like 2001, I know that it's foreverBitch I'm off 12 xans, I can't feel you, no
Drape on my left, fuck blood, I just want you babe
Back on that wok, no love, just that bank account
Been rich, fuck cliques, get no hating now
Jet lag so bad, been like a bank account
Oh well, oh fail, fuck love, I die in hell
Bitch so fab, baby all my bitches well
Look in the bank, got her singing, she not feeling well
Oh, 'cause she's sweaty and I'm dead, so sweaty in my lap
Oh, dying from the Mac

Hellboy, hellboy, pull up and they smell boy
MacBook on my arm, I ain't got no Dell boy
Your bitch, my bitch
Same shit, fuck shit
Fuck this, life sucks
Wrists slit, suck my dick
Three 6, nice whips
White rice, bitches sniff
I'ma throw a shit fit, pull up and I dip quick
Pull up and she suck my dick
Six hoes on my shit
I'ma young white prick
White coke, white dickYou know parents are the same no matter time nor place
They don't understand that us kids are gonna make some mistakes
So to you other kids all across the land
There's no need to argue, parents just don't understand

I remember one year
My mom took me school shopping
It was me, my brother, my mom, oh, my pop, and my little sister
All hopped in the car
We headed downtown to the Gallery Mall
My mom started bugging with the clothes she chose
I didn't say nothing at first
I just turned up my nose
She said, “What's wrong? This shirt cost $20”
I said, “Mom, this shirt is plaid with a butterfly collar!”
The next half hour was the same old thing
My mother buying me clothes from 1963
And then she lost her mind and did the ultimate
I asked her for Adidas and she bought me Zips!
I said, “Mom, what are you doing, you're ruining my rep”
She said, “You're only sixteen, you don't have a rep yet”
I said, “Mom, let's put these clothes back, please”
She said “No, you go to school to learn not for a fashion show”
I said, “This isn't Sha Na Na, come on Mom, I'm not Bowzer
Mom, please put back the bell-bottom Brady Bunch trousers
But if you don't want to I can live with that but
You gotta put back the double-knit reversible slacks”
She wasn't moved - everything stayed the same
Inevitably the first day of school came
I thought I could get over, I tried to play sick
But my mom said, “No, no way, uh-uh, forget it”
There was nothing I could do, I tried to relax
I got dressed up in those ancient artifacts
And when I walked into school, it was just as I thought
The kids were cracking up laughing at the clothes Mom bought
And those who weren't laughing still had a ball
Because they were pointing and whispering
As I walked down the hall
I got home and told my Mom how my day went
She said, “If they were laughing you don't need them
'Cause they're not good friends”
For the next six hours I tried to explain to my Mom
That I was gonna have to go through this about 200 more times
So to you all the kids all across the land
There's no need to argue
Parents just don't understand

Oh-kay, here's the situation
My parents went away on a week's vacation and
They left the keys to the brand new Porsche
Would they mind?
Umm, well, of course not
I'll just take it for a little spin
And maybe show it off to a couple of friends
I'll just cruise it around the neighborhood
Well, maybe I shouldn't...
Yeah, of course, I should
Pay attention, here's the thick of the plot
I pulled up to the corner at the end of my block
That's when I saw this beautiful girlie girl walking
I picked up my car phone to perpetrate like I was talking
You should've seen this girl's bodily dimensions
I honked my horn just to get her attention
She said, “Was that for me?”
I said, “Yeah”
She said, “Why?”
I said, “Come on and take a ride with a helluva guy”
She said, “How do I know you're not sick?
You could be some deranged lunatic”
I said, “C'mon, toots, my name is the Prince
Besides, would a lunatic have a Porsche like this?”
She agreed and we were on our way
She was looking very good and so was I, I must say - word
We hit McDonald's, pulled into the drive
We ordered two Big Macs and two large fries with Cokes
She kicked her shoes off onto the floor
She said, “Drive fast, speed turns me on”
She put her hand on my knee, I put my foot on the gas
We almost got whiplash, I took off so fast
The sunroof was open, the music was high
And this girl's hand was steadily moving up my thigh
She had opened up three buttons on her shirt so far
I guess that's why I didn't notice that police car
We're doing ninety in my Mom's new Porsche
And to make this long story short - short
When the cop pulled me over I was scared as hell
I said, “I don't have a license but I drive very well, officer”
I almost had a heart attack that day
Come to find out the girl was a twelve-year-old runaway
I was arrested, the car was impounded
There was no way for me to avoid being grounded
My parents had to come off from vacation to get me
I'd rather be in jail than to have my father hit me
My parents walked in
I got my grip, I said, “Ah, Mom, Dad... how was your trip?”
They didn't speak - I said, “I want to plead my case”
But my father just shoved me in the car by my face
That was a hard ride home, I don't know how I survived
They took turns - one would beat me while the other was driving
I can't believe it, I just made a mistake
Well parents are the same no matter time nor place
So to you other kids all across the land
Take it from me, parents just don't understandBaby schreib auf Insta-Message, ich bin auf der Street so wie Fed-Ex
Jeden Tag "Survival of the Fattest"
Big Mac-Maxi, Nutten nennen mich Schatzi
Steig um halb Drei vor dem Artemis in das Taxi
Neukölln City-Flow, bisschen Whiskey-Coke
Und ich hole meine Miete rein: auf Tipico
Fick auf Vodafone und meine negative Schufa
Große Pause ich rippe dem Lehrer die Hanuta
Halb Zwölf im Ghetto, Ali will Knoppers
Rap hin, Rap her, ihr seid alles Opfers
60 Nuggets, KFC-Buckets
Habibi Ali kifak, Hot Wings Dienstag
Du bist aber voll reich mit Michael Kors-Armbanduhr
Dein Album ist für mich so geil wie eine "Fahrradtour"
Check die Bartrasur, EGJ-Rat Pack
Du willst nicht gefickt werden? Warum hast du Snapchat?

Same Shit, Different Day, Neukölln-Kanacks mit den Nikes, Menace II Society
Same Shit, Different Day, ich atme diese Neuköllner-Luft mit den Boys in the Hood, yeah
Same Shit, Different Day, Neukölln-Kanacks mit den Nikes, Menace II Society
Same Shit, Different Day, ich atme diese Neuköllner-Luft mit den Boys in the Hood, yeah

Ah, mein Konto hatte rote Zahlen, wie ein Stuttgarter Trikot (Ah)
Jetzt verdien ich mehr als jeder Lufthansa-Pilot (Ah)
Baby ich bin Trendsetter wie mein Entdecker
Du willst Vendetta? Ich hab Schutzengel, so wie Ben Becker
Ali fragt ob ich ein 16-er kick
Für dich gratis, ich bin sowieso schon Text-GEMA-rich (Ah)
Mein Erspartes passt nicht mehr in eine Tennissocke
Rauch solange weiter bis ich kling wie Martin Semmelrogge
Jeden Tag knallen die Korken Dikka
Und die Bitch bläst im Marmorbad mit Lockenwickler (Ah)
Und so langsam tut mir Kenny leid
Denn er sinkt tief - Barry White
Dein letztes Album war kein Business-Move
Es war ein gottverdammter Trick-Betrug, ich will mein Geld zurück
Und jetzt koch mir was wie Heisenberg, Bitch
Ich will Camembert mit Preiselbeer-Dip Dikka

Same Shit, Different Day, Neukölln-Kanacks mit den Nikes, Menace II Society
Same Shit, Different Day, ich atme diese Neuköllner-Luft mit den Boys in the Hood, yeah
Same Shit, Different Day, Neukölln-Kanacks mit den Nikes, Menace II Society
Same Shit, Different Day, ich atme diese Neuköllner-Luft mit den Boys in the Hood, yeah

Ihr seid alle Zielscheiben Junge, Rap ist mein Schießstand
Fick auf Rap-Beef, ich hab Beef mit Kai Diekmann yeah
Wie ich deine Mutter bang-Kamasutra
Ich schmeiß ein Bündel 100-er du denkst Tabaluga
R.I.P. Springer, denn ich weiß jetzt wie man bastelt
Am 5.Juni schreit ihr alle "Je Suis Axel"
Und trotzdem wünsche ich kein Beileid
Es lebe Deutschland und die künstlerische Freiheit
Echo boykottiert, Bild-Zeitung boykottiert
Müller läuft beschissen, meine Villa neu gestrichen
"Du Hurensohn" brennt mir auf der Zunge wie Bacardi-Rum
Hab euch Fotzen alle schon durchschaut wie mein Aquarium
Und wenn Sonny Black sein Schusseißen holen geht
Liegst du am Boden wie das Fruchtfleisch in "Hohes C"
Im Ghetto kennt mich jeder, Elektro-Fensterheber
Ihr seid alle ganz krasse YouTube-Entertainer

Same Shit, Different Day, Neukölln-Kanacks mit den Nikes, Menace II Society
Same Shit, Different Day, ich atme diese Neuköllner-Luft mit den Boys in the Hood, yeah
Same Shit, Different Day, Neukölln-Kanacks mit den Nikes, Menace II Society
Same Shit, Different Day, ich atme diese Neuköllner-Luft mit den Boys in the Hood, yeahLike a sinkhole, like a sinkhole
Stars aren't born, they're fucking made up in a dice roll
What does it show? What does it show?
C-C-Cut off all the tethers to your lost soul
Think about a time on a dotted line
Venice Beach, cutthroats on the shoreline
It ain't a fucking crime for taking back what's mine
Los Angeles, we on the front line
Click-click-boom, let 'em fall
Lining 'em up with the semi-matic auto
Hear the call? Hear the call?
Hop in the whip to dipping straight then I'm out though
When I do it like this
With a wiffle ball bat
Surf's up, bitches, and it's like that
Hollywood coming to attack

I'm no shooting star, just a burning heart
We never sleep; in California, we're dreaming
Running through the dark, broken boulevards
We never sleep; in California, we're dreaming
In California, we're dreaming

Armageddon now, Armageddon now
Coked out skeletons come back down
Break 'em down, gotta break 'em down
Broke down Ford lights sing so loud
The greatest story ever told, the greatest life ever known
Dead men walking audition for the big show
It's biblical; so, so cynical
In the land of make-believe, the situation's critical
Sink into the ocean like some martyrs at our pinnacle
Yeah, it's just a vision, but the waves are fucking literal
As above, so below
You wanna go to heaven, but you sold your soul
Dying young, I'm growing cold
Cut yourself apart so you don't grow old
We're living in denial, but we're doing it in style
Out here in California, it's a trial by fire

I'm no shooting star, just a burning heart
We never sleep; in California, we're dreaming
Running through the dark, broken boulevards
We never sleep; in California, we're dreaming
In California, we're dreaming

I can feel the tension hidden in the question
Underneath the dreams I hold
I can see rejection in my own reflection
I can feel my dreams grow cold
Dreams grow cold, oh

I'm no shooting star, just a burning heart
We never sleep; in California, we're dreaming
Running through the dark, broken boulevards
We never sleep; in California, we're dreaming
In California, we're dreaming

In California
In California, we're dreaming
In CaliforniaI feel, feel like a cokehead
I feel, feel like I can't get drunk no more
'Cause I'm on the floor
Looking for some matches just to cook up a score
I feel, feel like shooting up
I feel, feel like giving up on my skateboard
'Cause I'm fucking bored
I wanna perfect left down a sunset shore
I feel, feel like a crackhead
I feel, feel like I'm not gonna make it no more
'Cause I'm on the floor
Just pick me up and give me some more
I feel, feel like I'm a grandpa
I feel, feel like I'm already 80 years old
And my skin's so cold
I need a new body and I need a new soul
I feel, feel like getting drunk
I feel, feel like fucking up my life
Again with all my friends
I hope we'll make it til the end
I feel, feel like shooting up
I feel, feel like I can't get laid no more
'Cause I'm on the floor
Just looking for some matches just to cook up a score
I feel, feel like a cokehead
I feel, feel like I can't get drunk no more
'Cause I'm on the floor
Looking for some matches just to cook up a score
I feel, feel like shooting up
I feel, feel like giving up on my skateboard
'Cause I'm fucking bored
I wanna perfect left down a Sunset ShoreKnow it, scrub!
Scrub! Hahaha
Meal, meal
Ugh

Meal ticket, ticket, meal ticket, ticket, comma, ugh
Steel in my liver, real niggas in my condom, huh
Phil hit me back, filled this one with a powder pack
Pill bring me back, feel this one out in California

The blow is good, the hoe is good
The show is good, you know it, scrub
Cool as me out front that Kanku's store
Kinfolk, you know it's love
Clean as Tide, Aveeno, Head & Shoulders
Hoe, you know it, scrub
Shoutout to my kinfolk, just got on that Coca-Cola, scrub
Watch my pole vault and my go-kart, this my getaway as fuck
In my hood we call it buck, fuck 'bout what you think of me
All my hoes be nines and dimes, all she want is chicken grease
All you know is what your mammy taught you 'bout the service
Get your ...

Meal ticket, ticket, meal ticket, ticket, comma, ugh (Yeah)
Steel in my liver, real niggas in my condom, huh (Yeah)
Phil hit me back, filled this one with a powder pack
Pill bring me back, feel this one out in California
Meal ticket, ticket, meal ticket, ticket, come up, ugh (Yeah)
Steel in my liver, real niggas in my condom, huh
Phil hit me back, filled this one with a powder pack
Pill bring me back, feel this one out in California

Yeah, the trunk was full, the ride was long
The cop was cool, we smoked in peace
Ain't we them to move an ATM, might buy the atrium
Where you, Zay? Highway 58, at my cousin house
Nowadays, I like to bring my nephews and my budget out
I come from where you can't suck my dick
And leave my cousin out
In my hood we call it clout, fuck 'bout what you think of me
All my hoes be nines and dimes, all she want is chicken grease
All you know is what your mammy taught you 'bout the service
Get your...

Meal ticket, ticket, meal ticket, ticket, comma, ugh (Yeah)
Steel in my liver, real niggas in my condom, huh (Yeah)
Phil hit me back, filled this one with a powder pack (Yeah)
Pill bring me back, feel this one out in California
Meal ticket, ticket, meal ticket, ticket, comma, ugh
Steel in my liver, real niggas in my condom, huh
Phil hit me back, filled this one with a powder pack (Hello?)
Pill bring me back, feel this one out in California (Yeah)

Today was a keeper, uh
I lost my heroes (Burn you out and fade away)
Long time ago, time ago (Burn you out and fade away, way)
Way, way
They gon' bring you down and burn you out and fade away, way
They gon' bring you down and burn you out and fade away, way
They gon' bring you down and burn you out and fade away, way
Way, way
They gon' bring you down and burn you out and fade away, wayBIGGZ the engineer, baby
Gotcha

If you don't talk 'bout drills (Drills)
They won't love no more (Fake)
Ned just wanted a cheeseburger
Max, what you do that for?
Knockout's juice gets spilled on the floor (Pussy)
Huh, now you done started a war
No ping-pong, gang cuttin' t'ru Burgess back and forth (Ping)
In jail, smashed CDai's head on the floor
Frontline, nobody can cross it (But try now)
You can drive t'ru
But nobody can walk it (Walk it)
L2, R2
Now GB in a casket (Dead)
Forensics settin' up tents
Now them haffi white chalk it (Deceased)
Bill him up and just rass him (Now your fucked)

Incog got put in a spliff (Bill it)
GB got put in a spliff (Bill it)
SA got put in a spliff (Bill it)
Lil CJ got put in a spliff
OT nearly got put in the Rizz (Ugh)
Paul nearly got put in a Rizz (Ugh)
Naghz Max got bored in the wig
Gang love crash, bore and dip
Been Circle hella times on the road, we bored his bro
Couldn't find Biggz
Gave him like twenty or more, no fibs (Oh shit)
Pissed, should've got put in a spliff (I'm pissed)
Ayy, remember when I bored up uh
Had a smile on my face, that was funny as shit (Ha-ha)
'Cah I had the big man screamin' out "Mummy"
Nowhere near where his mumzy lives

(Trizzla)
My blade hit his chest-plate
Next day, swear, I had his best friend runnin' (Kevin)
I done beat up Rampz in probation
He shouldn't have pushed my buttons
Why'd you think that they call me Judas?
I laugh and giggle at my dead opp cousin (Incog)
Loose says that he chings, he doesn't (No)
Trust me, gang done cheffed up dozens (Ching)
I'm tryna see the opps get shot (Bow)
Same way GB done got-got (Bow, bow)
Or how CJ done got dropped (Ching)
Surely dem man has had enough? (They have)
But trust me, the beef don't stop (No)
So we're out 'ere tryna put another in the box
I done beat up Jimmy before he turn dust
Twins and Loski watched Naghz get chopped (Shameless)

On the ride, bro pass that hammer
Rock and roll 'til the drum Mick Jagger
It don't matter, twenty-one years
Free bro, a real opp blammer (Bow)
If I scratch this yout', no mask
Then it's back to the slammer, soc' and bang up (Scratch him up)
If I scratch this yout', no mask
Then it's back to the slammer, soc' and bang up (Get it)
Trizz, rise up things
Swing that shit, I know his intent was murder
Reverse that whip
It might be flizz but I'll do it and burn that drip (Burner)
Meet LV, jailhouse pissed
Still cut a man up or we'll swing our fists
And I swear on my life, even govs got hit
That day that we got down Chris

Rage-Rage-Rage got smoked like it's 'Dam
And his dad got splashed
Come ride, like damn (Splash)
Same day Loose got bored on his block
Loose tried dash, they shoulda got cramp
He ain't got one, how the hell's he rappin’?
He jumped off third floor, we got your lad
Ain’t-ain't got a suitcase when we be packin’
Like Tiny knows, had his flesh on our shanks (Yo)
Ask when I slapped that lead
They're lucky I missed, shoulda turned man pack
Fuck-fuck-fuck these ratchets, I need me a hot girl
Would've thought that her name's Katie Pam
Their boy got slapped and it wasn't with hands
Dingers or peds, what I'm into Milan
Rep three times three, grab the .9, let it bang
If I see any graves, know I'm pissin’ on that

(Yo-Yo) Deqwan got bored in his arm real quick
‘Cah the boy tried to cover his tizzac
Mars-Mars-Mars got cheffed by the W Street
True say it was me that did that (Get them both)
Rage is dead, SK's dead
All now none of us man been packed (Ugh)
Ride-ride for Latz
On Sight got on sighted
All now he ain't been back (Where you at?)
About five whole gangs man's beefin’ (Uh-uh)
They either been shot or stabbed (True)
I tried drill it on a Circle yout' up close
True say that the handting jammed (Lucky fool)
Yo, them man act for the Snapchat
Them man are nuttin' without their dads ('Low it)
PS just shot up the 9
Now man's doing up cheeky snaps (Bap)

BIGGZ, the engineer, baby
GotchaFirst, I turned the Nile River into blood!
Then I released the frogs as the city floods!
Along with lice, flies, and I diseased your livestock!
Then I make sure the boils grow on your wife and child!
Look up at the fucking sky, you'll see a storm of hail and fire!
Then I sent out the locusts to swarm your fucking crops!
I blacked out the sun and made time stop!
Next I'm coming for your firstborn son, watch him drop!

Bitch, I'm Yung Plague, here to spread the flames
Makin' it fucking rain alligator fangs
Lightin' the flame that ignited the revelation of Osiris
I'm risin' above the horizon, I blackened the diamond
And siphoned all of the water supply of Zion
Bitch, I cut the head clean off of the lion
Put it on a spike, and all of the sheep became enlightened, bitch
I'm standin' right beside Poseidon 'bout to release all the Titans
Footprints in the sand, followed by a herd of rotten bison

Grey, grey, grey, grey
Grey, grey, grey, grey
Grey, grey, grey, grey
Grey, grey, grey, GREY!

Crucify me with the nails in my feet
With the nails in my wrists, and that blade in my chest
Enlightened by Zion, I'm wearin' the lion
With teeth on a rope that surrounding my neck
Standing in fire, I'm God of the liars
Attire is made up of nothin' but wire
The choir is singin' my praises with phrases that let you all know I'm the bastard of Satan
Black in my eyes, homicide on my mind
With that blood on my face, then I turn it to wine
Yung Christ the divine, make them fall into line
Let the planets align as they build me a shrine
The end of the world as you know it
When I'm up in hell, I turn fire to snow, bitch
The waters, they swell as the polars are broken
Evoking the smoke from the bodies that's choking, hoeWhen we were young, we were the ones
The kings and queens, oh yeah, we ruled the world
We smoked cigarettes, man, no regrets
Wish I could relive every single word

We've taken different paths
And travelled different roads
I know we'll always end up on the same one when we're old
And when you're in the trenches
And you're under fire, I will cover you

If I was dying on my knees
You would be the one to rescue me
And if you were drowned at sea
I'd give you my lungs so you could breathe

I've got you, brother-er-er-er
I've got you, brother-er-er-er
I've got you, brother-er-er-er
I've got you, brother-er-er-er

Oh, brother, we go deeper than the ink
Beneath the skin of our tattoos
Though we don't share the same blood
You're my brother and I love you, that's the truth

We're living different lives
Heaven only knows
If we'll make it back with all our fingers and our toes
Five years, twenty years, come back
It will always be the same, oh-oh, oh-oh

If I was dying on my knees
You would be the one to rescue me
And if you were drowned at sea
I'd give you my lungs so you could breathe

I've got you, brother-er-er-er
I've got you, brother-er-er-er

And if we hit on troubled water
I'll be the one to keep you warm and safe
And we'll be carrying each other
Until we say goodbye on our dying day
Because I've got you, brother-er-er-er
I've got you, brother-er-er-er
I've got you, brother-er-er-er
I've got you, brother-er-er-er

If I was dying on my knees
You would be the one to rescue me
And if you were drowned at sea
I'd give you my lungs so you could breathe

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I've got you, brother-er-er-er
I've got you, brother-er-er-erI put on, I put on, I put on
I put on for my city, on-on for my city
I put on for my city, on-on for my city
I put on for my city, on-on for my city
I put on for my city, on-on for my city

When they see me off in traffic they say "Jeezy on some other shit"
Send them pussy niggas runnin' straight back to the dealership
Me, I'm in my spaceship, that's right, I work for NASA
This FNH is not a fraud, call that bitch my bodyguard
"Call that bitch your bodyguard?" Yeah, that's my bodyguard
Wear a lot of jewelry, Young don't do security
What's whiter than a napkin, harder than a dinner plate?
If you want it, come and get it, you know I stay super straight
Ran up in my spots and now I'm working out the Super 8
Know you niggas hungry, come and get a super plate
Y'all sing happy birthday, yeah, I got that super cake
Hundred karat bracelet, I use it like some super bait

I put on for my city, on-on for my city
I put on for my city, on-on for my city
Put on (Eastside) put on (Southside)
Put on (Westside) put on, let's go!
I put on for my city, on-on for my city
I put on for my city, on-on for my city
Put on (Eastside) put on (Southside)
Put on (Westside) put on, let's go!

Hat back, top back, ain't nothin' but a young thug
HKs, AK's, I need to join a gun club
Big wheels, big straps, you know I like it super-sized
Passenger's a redbone, her weave look like some curly fries
Inside fish sticks, outside tartar sauce
Pocket full of celery, imagine what she tellin' me
Blowin' on asparagus, the realest shit I ever smoked
Ridin' to that Trap or Die, the realest shit I ever wrote
They know I got that broccoli, so I keep that Glock on me
Don't get caught without one, coming from where I'm from
Call me Jeezy Hamilton, flying down Campbellton
So fresh, so clean, on my way to Charlene

I put on for my city, on-on for my city
I put on for my city, on-on for my city
Put on (Eastside) put on (Southside)
Put on (Westside) put on, let's go!
I put on for my city, on-on for my city
I put on for my city, on-on for my city
Put on (Eastside) put on (Southside)
Put on (Westside) put on, let's go!

I put on, I put on, I put on
I put on for my city, I put on for my
I put on for my city, I put on for my city
On

I feel like it's still niggas that owe me checks
I feel like it's still bitches that owe me sex
I feel like this but niggas don't know he's stressed
I lost the only girl in the world that know me best
I got the money and the fame, man, that don't mean shit
I got the Jesus on a chain, man, that don't mean shit
Cause when the Jesus pieces can't bring me peace
Yo, I need just at least, uh, one of Russell's nieces
On, I let my nightmares go
I put on everybody that I knew from the 'Go
I know hoes that was frontin' when they knew he was broke
They say, "Damn, Yeezy Yeezy, you don't know us no more?"
"You got that big fame, homie, and you just changed on me"
You can ask big homie, man, the top so lonely
I ain't lyin
So lonely, I ain't lyin!
Let me see what we have tonight (what we have tonight)
I'm high as a satellite (satellite)
I see those flashing lights (flashing lights)
Cause every night, every night, I put on

I put on for my city, on-on for my city
I put on for my city, on-on for my city
Put on (Eastside) put on (Southside)
Put on (Westside) put on, let's go!
I put on for my city, on-on for my city
I put on for my city, on-on for my city
Put on (Eastside) put on (Southside)
Put on (Westside) put on, let's go!

Let me see what we have tonight
I'm high as a satellite
I see those flashing lights
Cause every night, every night
Let me see what we have tonight
I'm high as a satellite
I see those flashing lightsMesdames et Messieurs
S'il vous plaît
Soyez prêts pour AronChupa et Albatraoz
C'est parti !

Let me tell you all a story
About a mouse named Lory
Yeah, Lory was a mouse in a big brown house
She called herself the ho
With the money, money blow
But fuck that little mouse 'cause I'm an albatraoz

I'm an albatraoz
I'm an albatraoz

Yeah, Lory said she was a mouse
Smoked the cheese and light it out
Moniley, money, money, ho
Katching, katching, katching, kablow
Lory was a witch
Yeah, a sneaky little bitch
So fuck that little mouse 'cause I'm an albatraoz, woo!

I'm an albatraoz
I'm an albatraoz
I'm-I'm-I'm

Mesdames et Messieurs
S'il vous plaît
Soyez prêt pour AronChupa et Albatraoz
C'est parti !
Haha, I got it
(Humming)
Oh, I see ya
Oh, I see ya
Oh, I see ya

I'm an albatraoz
Stop! Haha, I got it
I'm an albatraoz

This is albatraoz, jeah!Some people call me the space cowboy, yeah
Some call me the gangster of love
Some people call me Maurice
'Cause I speak of the pompatus of love
People talk about me, baby
Say I'm doing you wrong, doing you wrong
Well, don't you worry, baby, don't worry
'Cause I'm right here, right here, right here, right here at home

'Cause I'm a picker, I'm a grinner
I'm a lover, and I'm a sinner
I play my music in the sun
I'm a joker, I'm a smoker
I'm a midnight toker
I sure don't want to hurt no one
I'm a picker, I'm a grinner
I'm a lover, and I'm a sinner
I play my music in the sun
I'm a joker, I'm a smoker
I'm a midnight toker
I get my lovin' on the run
Whooo
Whooooo

You're the cutest thing that I ever did see
I really love your peaches, wanna shake your tree
Lovey-dovey, lovey-dovey, lovey-dovey all the time
Oee, baby, I'll sure show you a good time

'Cause I'm a picker, I'm a grinner
I'm a lover, and I'm a sinner
I play my music in the sun
I'm a joker, I'm a smoker
I'm a midnight toker
I get my lovin' on the run
I'm a picker, I'm a grinner
I'm a lover, and I'm a sinner
I play my music in the sun
I'm a joker, I'm a smoker
I'm a midnight toker
I sure don't want to hurt no one
Whooo Whoooo

People keep talking about me, baby
Say I'm doing you wrong
Well, don't you worry, don't worry, no, don't worry, mama
'Cause I'm right here at home
You're the cutest thing I ever did see
Really love your peaches, wanna shake your tree
Lovey-dovey, lovey-dovey, lovey-dovey all the time
C'mon baby, now I'll show you a good timeGo off the deep end
I don't think you wanna go off the deep end
I don't think you wanna go off the deep end
I don't think you wanna give me a reason
(Great John on the beat by the way)

My body different
Shorty said she tryna kick it
I'm in her mouth, somethin' like a dentist
Cookin' up, I'm in the kitchen
Big bro wildin', tryna catch a victim
I took an L, but now I'm back, gang winnin'
Look, and I'm doin' well
Don't even ask how I'm livin' (Facts)
Niggas ain't real, they cap (Cap)
Ridin' round with the seat laid back
They told me to chill, I'm itchin' to clap
If I pull up, somebody get whacked
Boy, tie your laces, niggas tripping
Red lights, we gon' skip it
Fucked up a new V, we was dippin'
From the police, I was drillin'
But fuck it, let's skate on, huh
Run up a bag with my bro gods, huh (Bro)
Watch how I show off
Step in the room and she takin' her clothes off
I ain't even say much, huh
Ain't even do much
They like, "Sleepy, you too much"
Know I got a bag, right? Huh
Know I live a fast life
Said she fell in love, met her last night, Huh
Said she want this shit for life
Girl, you must be dumb, no, you not the type, huh (What?)
No, I'm not the type
I think I was lost in a past life
Came back, got my cash right
Say you want the sauce, I can get you right
But it's heavyweight, not light (Hold up, hold up)
Bro keep a strap, somethin' like a dyke
He be shootin', he don't like to fight
I could get you wrapped up like a gift
Smoked up like a spliff
Chopper tell 'em back up or get hit
Got my racks up, now I'm lit
I could get you packed up in this bitch
And my blood blue 'cause I'm Crip
Fanny pack full of hundreds (That's a fact)
I just reach on my waist, seen he runnin' (Fuck outta here)
Bitches say a nigga stuntin', huh (Nigga stuntin)
Know they hate how I came up from nothin'
Backed down, get to drummin' (Baow, baow)
I'ma show a nigga how I'm comin'
I was down, now I'm uppin' (Now I'm up)
They was hatin' on me, now they lovin' (Oh wait, hold on)

Go off the deep end
I don't think you wanna go off the deep end
I don't think you wanna go off the deep end
I don't think you wanna give me a reasonMidnight, not a sound from the pavement
Has the moon lost her memory?
She is smiling alone
In the lamplight, the withered leaves collect at my feet
And the wind begins to moan
Memory, all alone in the moonlight
I can smile at the old days
I was beautiful then
I remember the time I knew what happiness was
Let the memory live again
Every streetlamp seems to beat
A fatalistic warning
Someone mutters and the street lamp gutters
And soon
It will be morning
Daylight
I must wait for the sunrise
I must think of a new life
And I mustn't give in
When the dawn comes, tonight will be a memory too
And a new day will begin
Burnt out ends of smokey days
The stale cold smell of morning
The street lamp dies, another night is over
Another day is dawning

Sunlight through the trees in summer
Endless masquerading
Like a flower, as the day is breaking
The memory is fading
Touch me
It's so easy to leave me
All alone with my memory
Of my days in the sun
If you touch me, you'll understand what happiness is
Look, a new day has begunIf you really want to hear about it, the first thing you'll probably want to know is where I was born, and what my lousy childhood was like, and how my parents were occupied and all before they had me, and all that David Copperfield kind of crap, but I don't feel like going into it, if you want to know the truth. In the first place, that stuff bores me, and in the second place, my parents would have about two hemorrhages apiece if I told anything pretty personal about them. They're quite touchy about anything like that, especially my father. They're nice and all--I'm not saying that--but they're also touchy as hell. Besides, I'm not going to tell you my whole goddam autobiography or anything. I'll just tell you about this madman stuff that happened to me around last Christmas just before I got pretty run-down and had to come out here and take it easy. I mean that's all I told D.B. about, and he's my brother and all. He's in Hollywood. That isn't too far from this crumby place, and he comes over and visits me practically every week end. He's going to drive me home when I go home next month maybe. He just got a Jaguar. One of those little English jobs that can do around two hundred miles an hour. It cost him damn near four thousand bucks. He's got a lot of dough, now. He didn't use to. He used to be just a regular writer, when he was home. He wrote this terrific book of short stories, The Secret Goldfish, in case you never heard of him. The best one in it was "The Secret Goldfish." It was about this little kid that wouldn't let anybody look at his goldfish because he'd bought it with his own money. It killed me. Now he's out in Hollywood, D.B., being a prostitute. If there's one thing I hate, it's the movies. Don't even mention them to me.
Where I want to start telling is the day I left Pencey Prep. Pencey Prep is this school that's in Agerstown, Pennsylvania. You probably heard of it. You've probably seen the ads, anyway. They advertise in about a thousand magazines, always showing some hotshot guy on a horse jumping over a fence. Like as if all you ever did at Pencey was play polo all the time. I never even once saw a horse anywhere near the place. And underneath the guy on the horse's picture, it always says: "Since 1888 we have been molding boys into splendid, clear-thinking young men." Strictly for the birds. They don't do any damn more molding at Pencey than they do at any other school. And I didn't know anybody there that was splendid and clear-thinking and all. Maybe two guys. If that many. And they probably came to Pencey that way.
Anyway, it was the Saturday of the football game with Saxon Hall. The game with Saxon Hall was supposed to be a very big deal around Pencey. It was the last game of the year, and you were supposed to commit suicide or something if old Pencey didn't win. I remember around three o'clock that afternoon I was standing way the hell up on top of Thomsen Hill, right next to this crazy cannon that was in the Revolutionary War and all. You could see the whole field from there, and you could see the two teams bashing each other all over the place. You couldn't see the grandstand too hot, but you could hear them all yelling, deep and terrific on the Pencey side, because practically the whole school except me was there, and scrawny and faggy on the Saxon Hall side, because the visiting team hardly ever brought many people with them.
There were never many girls at all at the football games. Only seniors were allowed to bring girls with them. It was a terrible school, no matter how you looked at it. I like to be somewhere at least where you can see a few girls around once in a while, even if they're only scratching their arms or blowing their noses or even just giggling or something. Old Selma Thurmer--she was the headmaster's daughter--showed up at the games quite often, but she wasn't exactly the type that drove you mad with desire. She was a pretty nice girl, though. I sat next to her once in the bus from Agerstown and we sort of struck up a conversation. I liked her. She had a big nose and her nails were all bitten down and bleedy-looking and she had on those damn falsies that point all over the place, but you felt sort of sorry for her. What I liked about her, she didn't give you a lot of horse manure about what a great guy her father was. She probably knew what a phony slob he was.
The reason I was standing way up on Thomsen Hill, instead of down at the game, was because I'd just got back from New York with the fencing team. I was the goddam manager of the fencing team. Very big deal. We'd gone in to New York that morning for this fencing meet with McBurney School. Only, we didn't have the meet. I left all the foils and equipment and stuff on the goddam subway. It wasn't all my fault. I had to keep getting up to look at this map, so we'd know where to get off. So we got back to Pencey around two-thirty instead of around dinnertime. The whole team ostracized me the whole way back on the train. It was pretty funny, in a way.
The other reason I wasn't down at the game was because I was on my way to say good-by to old Spencer, my history teacher. He had the grippe, and I figured I probably wouldn't see him again till Christmas vacation started. He wrote me this note saying he wanted to see me before I went home. He knew I wasn't coming back to Pencey.
I forgot to tell you about that. They kicked me out. I wasn't supposed to come back after Christmas vacation on account of I was flunking four subjects and not applying myself and all. They gave me frequent warning to start applying myself--especially around midterms, when my parents came up for a conference with old Thurmer--but I didn't do it. So I got the ax. They give guys the ax quite frequently at Pencey. It has a very good academic rating, Pencey. It really does.
Anyway, it was December and all, and it was cold as a witch's teat, especially on top of that stupid hill. I only had on my reversible and no gloves or anything. The week before that, somebody'd stolen my camel's-hair coat right out of my room, with my fur-lined gloves right in the pocket and all. Pencey was full of crooks. Quite a few guys came from these very wealthy families, but it was full of crooks anyway. The more expensive a school is, the more crooks it has--I'm not kidding. Anyway, I kept standing next to that crazy cannon, looking down at the game and freezing my ass off. Only, I wasn't watching the game too much. What I was really hanging around for, I was trying to feel some kind of a good-by. I mean I've left schools and places I didn't even know I was leaving them. I hate that. I don't care if it's a sad good-by or a bad goodby, but when I leave a place I like to know I'm leaving it. If you don't, you feel even worse.
I was lucky. All of a sudden I thought of something that helped make me know I was getting the hell out. I suddenly remembered this time, in around October, that I and Robert Tichener and Paul Campbell were chucking a football around, in front of the academic building. They were nice guys, especially Tichener. It was just before dinner and it was getting pretty dark out, but we kept chucking the ball around anyway. It kept getting darker and darker, and we could hardly see the ball any more, but we didn't want to stop doing what we were doing. Finally we had to. This teacher that taught biology, Mr. Zambesi, stuck his head out of this window in the academic building and told us to go back to the dorm and get ready for dinner. If I get a chance to remember that kind of stuff, I can get a good-by when I need one--at least, most of the time I can. As soon as I got it, I turned around and started running down the other side of the hill, toward old Spencer's house. He didn't live on the campus. He lived on Anthony Wayne Avenue.
I ran all the way to the main gate, and then I waited a second till I got my breath. I have no wind, if you want to know the truth. I'm quite a heavy smoker, for one thing--that is, I used to be. They made me cut it out. Another thing, I grew six and a half inches last year. That's also how I practically got t.b. and came out here for all these goddam checkups and stuff. I'm pretty healthy, though.
Anyway, as soon as I got my breath back I ran across Route 204. It was icy as hell and I damn near fell down. I don't even know what I was running for--I guess I just felt like it. After I got across the road, I felt like I was sort of disappearing. It was that kind of a crazy afternoon, terrifically cold, and no sun out or anything, and you felt like you were disappearing every time you crossed a road.
Boy, I rang that doorbell fast when I got to old Spencer's house. I was really frozen. My ears were hurting and I could hardly move my fingers at all. "C'mon, c'mon," I said right out loud, almost, "somebody open the door." Finally old Mrs. Spencer opened it. They didn't have a maid or anything, and they always opened the door themselves. They didn't have too much dough.
"Holden!" Mrs. Spencer said. "How lovely to see you! Come in, dear! Are you frozen to death?" I think she was glad to see me. She liked me. At least, I think she did.
Boy, did I get in that house fast. "How are you, Mrs. Spencer?" I said. "How's Mr. Spencer?"
"Let me take your coat, dear," she said. She didn't hear me ask her how Mr. Spencer was. She was sort of deaf.
She hung up my coat in the hall closet, and I sort of brushed my hair back with my hand. I wear a crew cut quite frequently and I never have to comb it much. "How've you been, Mrs. Spencer?" I said again, only louder, so she'd hear me.
"I've been just fine, Holden." She closed the closet door. "How have you been?" The way she asked me, I knew right away old Spencer'd told her I'd been kicked out.
"Fine," I said. "How's Mr. Spencer? He over his grippe yet?"
"Over it! Holden, he's behaving like a perfect--I don't know what. . .
He's in his room, dear. Go right in."She want to move to California
She must've fucking lost her mind
She want to move to California
That's how they get you every time

She make a movie with her friends
Put it up in a minute
Everybody say it now
Ain't no loop at the minute
Everybody saying
"How, how you do it, you did it?"
I'ma show you what it done
But enough for a finish
Pay attention, you listen
You keep losing your mind
How you want to loop this shit
But looking like a Vine?

But they no pay for no privilege
Now she broke in Koreatown
In the condo you rented
Better get your percentage

In California, oh
She must've fucking lost her mind, yeah
He want to move to California
He want to hang with DC Fly

All the people all around and the follower people
I go watching a "haha," make a girlfriend giggle
Make her feel so official, make it Serena Vista
Supernova, new residual, making money a little
Make the smoker illegal
Make the living illegal
Make the laughing illegal
Make it snap for a people
When you make a movie now
Know you making no difference
It's a tickle on the mind
'Fore me finish your sentence
So go pimp a like on Vine,

But don't pay for the privilege
Now you broke in Koreatown
In the condo you rented
Better get your percentage
Oh, you broke in Koreatown
In that condo you rented
Better get your percentage

In California
She must've fucking lost her mind, yeah
I want to move to California
I want to hang with DC FlyThis is my story, yeah, I'm from that Chi-town dirt
I went from being broke to sleeping in Versace shirts
This is my story - money, cars, bad hoes
This is my story-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y
And I'm stickin' to it, and I'm stickin' to it
And I'm stickin' to it, and I'm stickin' to it
And I'm stickin' to it, and I'm stickin' to it
And I'm stickin' to it, and I'm stickin' to it

Came from humble beginnings now I'm cocky with my spending
They say "life is just a game" and I thank God that I'm winning
Models roll my indo, I beat the pussy, Django
Them niggas talking money, I got more digits in my gate code
She make a pole disappear like hocus pocus
You're ain't never gon' find another nigga this focused
I got every block, every street corners sold up
Whatever club represent my city, throw it up
I own the game, coach last player shown up
Okay, haters throw fitted never showed up

This is my story, yeah, I'm from that Chi-town dirt
I went from being broke to sleeping in Versace shirts
This is my story - money, cars, bad hoes
This is my story-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y
And I'm stickin' to it, and I'm stickin' to it
And I'm stickin' to it, and I'm stickin' to it
And I'm stickin' to it, and I'm stickin' to it
And I'm stickin' to it, and I'm stickin' to it

Yeah, 2 Chainz...
Velcro, I'm sticking to it, hatin', I've been a victim to it
Your conversation is sanitation, ain't no hesitation when I finna do it
I stick it in (uh) switch it up and try to hit a friend (uh)
Live it up and count my dividends, roll, like cinnamon
Woah, big face Benjamin's
As she lookin' at me like ye'en ain't nothin' but a star
I looked at her like this ain't nonthing but a car
If you ride with them you ain't going that far
But if you ride with me, crib so big we can play hide-and-seek
You can confide to me, ride me like I ride the beat
Pilot seat, I need a co-pilot, kiss a ass in both mouths
Them talking both lips, what you know 'bout boat trips?
Drop her ass at the Chocolate Factory (yeah)
We did them 12 Play's (yeah)
And you know who you is girl
We been fuckin' since the 12th grade, goddamn

This is my story, yeah, I'm from that Chi-town dirt
I went from being broke to sleeping in Versace shirts
This is my story - money, cars, bad hoes
This is my story-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y
And I'm stickin' to it, and I'm stickin' to it
And I'm stickin' to it, and I'm stickin' to it
And I'm stickin' to it, and I'm stickin' to it
And I'm stickin' to it, and I'm stickin' to it

Pull up to the club at about three
I'm killin' it, guilty no plea
I'm leaving out at 6 with a dime piece
By 9 o'clock, we on round three
I speak of rain they say I'm crazy like they didn't know
See I'm not crazy but my talent, man, got bipolar
Say she's a church girl but man she's blowing holy smokes
Showed her the Jesus piece now she got the Holy Ghost
They asked them in a interview, "why do he love these girls?"
The only thing he had to say was, "motherfuck the world!"

This is my story, yeah, I'm from that Chi-town dirt
I went from being broke to sleeping in Versace shirts
This is my story - money, cars, bad hoes
This is my story-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y
And I'm stickin' to it, and I'm stickin' to it
And I'm stickin' to it, and I'm stickin' to it
And I'm stickin' to it, and I'm stickin' to it
And I'm stickin' to it, and I'm stickin' to itEverybody wants to know
If we fucked on the bathroom sink
How your hands felt in my hair
If we were high on amphetamines
And everybody wants to hear
How we chain-smoked until three
And how you laughed when you said my name
And how you gripped my hips so mean

We wrote a story in the fog on the windows that night
But the ending is the same every damn time, no, no, no
We wrote a story in the fog on the windows that night
But the ending is the same every damn time

They think I'm insane, they think my lover is strange
But I don't have to fucking tell them anything, anything
And I'm gonna write it all down, and I'm gonna sing it on stage
But I don't have to fucking tell you anything, anything

That's the beauty of a secret
You know you're supposed to keep it
That's the beauty of a secret
Oh, wa-oh, wa-oh, wa-oh, wa-oh
That's the beauty of a secret
You know you're supposed to keep it
But I don't have to fucking tell you anything, anything

Everybody's waiting up to hear if I dare speak your name
Put it deep beneath the track, like the hole you left in me
And everybody wants to know 'bout how it felt to hear you scream
They know you walk like you're a God, they can't believe I made you weak

We wrote a story in the fog on the windows that night
But the ending is the same every damn time, no, no, no
We wrote a story in the fog on the windows that night
But the ending is the same every damn time

They think I'm insane, they think my lover is strange
But I don't have to fucking tell them anything, anything
And I'm gonna write it all down, and I'm gonna sing it on stage
But I don't have to fucking tell you anything, anything

That's the beauty of a secret
You know you're supposed to keep it
That's the beauty of a secret
Oh, wa-oh, wa-oh, wa-oh, wa-oh
That's the beauty of a secret
You know you're supposed to keep it
But I don't have to fucking tell you anything, anything

These days I can't seem to get along with anyone
Get by with anyone
These days I can't seem to make this right
Well, is this fine? Will it be alright?

They think I'm insane, they think my lover is strange
But I don't have to fucking tell them anything, anything
And I'm gonna write it all down, and I'm gonna sing it on stage
But I don't have to fucking tell you anything, anything

That's the beauty of a secret
You know you're supposed to keep it
That's the beauty of a secret
Oh, wa-oh, wa-oh, wa-oh, wa-oh
That's the beauty of a secret
You know you're supposed to keep it
But I don't have to fucking tell you anything, anythingWhen I'm stable long enough
I start to look around for love
See a sweet in floral print
My mind begins the arrangements
But when I start to feel that pull
Turns out I just pulled myself
She would never go with me
Were I the last girl on earth

I'm dumb, she's a lesbian
I thought I had found the one
We were good as married in my mind
But married in my mind's no good
Oh, pink triangle on her sleeve
Let me know the truth, let me know the truth

Might have smoked a few in my time
But never thought it was a crime
Knew the day would surely come
When I'd chill and settle down
When I think I've found a good old-fashioned girl
Then she put me in my place
Everyone's a little queer
Oh, can't she be a little straight?

I'm dumb, she's a lesbian
I thought I had found the one
We were good as married in my mind
But married in my mind's no good
Oh, pink triangle on her sleeve
Let me know the truth, let me know the truth


I'm dumb, she's a lesbian
I thought I had found the one
We were good as married in my mind
But married in my mind's no good
Pink triangle on her sleeve
Let me know the truth, let me know the truth
I'm dumb, she's a lesbian
I thought I had found the one
We were good as married in my mind
But married in my mind's no good
Oh, pink triangle on her sleeve
Let me know the truth, let me know the truth
Let me know the truth, let me know the truthI’m trippy, I’m trippy, I’m trippy, I’m trippy
I’m trippy, I’m trippy, I’m trippy, I’m trippy
I’m trippy, I’m trippy, I’m trippy, I’m trippy
I’m trippy, I’m trippy, I’m trippy, I’m trippy
I’m trippy, I’m trippy, I’m trippy, I’m trippy
I’m trippy, I’m trippy, I’m trippy, I’m trippy
I’m trippy, I’m trippy, I’m trippy, I’m trippy
I’m trippy, I’m trippy, I’m trippy, I’m trippy

A zip and a double cup, I'm gettin' high as fuck
I'm gettin' high as fuck, I'm gettin' high as fuck
A zip and a double cup, I'm gettin' high as fuck
I'm gettin' high as fuck, I'm gettin' high as fuck
A zip and a double cup, I'm gettin' high as fuck
I'm gettin' high as fuck, I'm gettin' high as fuck
A zip and a double cup, I'm gettin' high as fuck
I'm gettin' high as fuck, I'm gettin' high as fuck

Ziplock bag of kush double cup full of drank
I get so damn trippy in my mind I go blank
The top 10 get high rappers # 1 is my rank
You say no to drugs Juicy J can't
Today I'm drinkin white tomorrow brown
I am not a boxer but I'll do some rounds
With yo girl I'mma spoon in the hotel room
And if she ain't tryna fuck
I'm looking for that runner up

A zip and a double cup, I'm gettin' high as fuck
I'm gettin' high as fuck, I'm gettin' high as fuck

I dont' go to college but the dorm room is my domain
Full of pretty bitches show me how they use their brain
They sucking dick for homework, getting that dome worked
Just to say they got with Juicy J and they did it first
On a bean drinking dirty Sprite
Bout to fuck that bitch raw bout to roll the dice
Sex, drugs, rap music is that college life
Gettin smoked out (err day) stoner's night (that's err night)

A zip and a double cup, I'm gettin' high as fuck
I'm gettin' high as fuck, I'm gettin' high as fuckOnce upon a time in a land far away
There lived a little boy and he drank all day
His friends called him stupid and his brothers called him gay
Emptied all the bottles 'til the pain went away

Whiskey was his friend, he didn't have another
Vicodin his vice, his real and only lover (yup)
Smoked a pack or two, it never was a problem
Popped a pill or two, they really made him blossom (yup)

Take a sip, take a sip, take a sip
And I trip, and I trip, and I trip
And I'm like... run ya bitch, run ya bitch, run ya bitch
Counterfeit, hypocrite, holy shit

Once upon a time in a land far away
There lived a little boy and he cried all day
Playboy bunny magazines would never get him laid
Downed another bottle 'til the pain went away

Whiskey was his friend, he didn't have another
Vicodin his vice, his real and only lover (yup)
Smoked a pack or two, it never was a problem
Popped a pill or two, they really made him blossom (yup)

Take a sip, take a sip, take a sip
And I trip, and I trip, and I trip
And I'm like... run ya bitch, run ya bitch, run ya bitch
Counterfeit, hypocrite, holy shit
Take a sip, take a sip, take a sip
And I trip, and I trip, and I trip
And I'm like... run ya bitch, run ya bitch, run ya bitch
Counterfeit, hypocrite, holy shit

Everybody gets high
Why the hell can't I?
(Yup)
Everybody gets high
Why the hell can't I?
(Yup)
Everybody gets high
Why the hell can't I?
(Yup)
Everybody gets high
Why the hell can't I?
(Yup)

Take a sip, take a sip, take a sip
And I trip, and I trip, and I trip
And I'm like... run ya bitch, run ya bitch, run ya bitch
Counterfeit, hypocrite holy shit

Everybody gets high
Why the hell can't I?
Everybody gets high
Why the hell can't I?
Everybody gets high
Why the hell can't I?
Everybody gets high
Why the hell can't I?Yeah, yeah
Higher, higher
Yeah, yeah, yeah
(Revenge)

Now I could be the change that I wanna see
I can heal the world for real if a nigga speaking honestly
Nat Turner in my past life
Bob Marley in my last life, back again
Look in to the eyes of a young nigga
Who survived against all the odds
Look into the eyes of a young nigga
Who's surprised to be alive
I died 5 years ago, the game snatch a nigga’s spirit yo
My resurrection was a miracle
Cause still I rise, it's ill-advised to bet against him
Raised in hell but heaven sent 'em, let 'em diss 'em
Some niggas can't handle the truth
Some niggas don't know they're slaves
I forgive 'em cause I know their ways
They see a black man shine
First thing they do is throw their shade
Word?—errr—I swerve like a Thunderbird on the curb
Where the cops pursuing, I'm not just doing it
Niggas hate like if I make it ain't a spot for you in it
Have to save the rap game cause I watched them ruin it
So you can take my cock and chew on it
Cock sucker I'm a blockbuster
Motion picture, flows consist of potent scriptures
Known to rip a hole through them so-called dopest niggas
Snatch your soul and pose for pictures, holding it
Revenge of the Dreamers, so vindictive
Back for more, that whack shit's over with
For you niggas sleeping this is Folgers Crystals, wow
In the form of a loaded pistol
Bullets rude, they don't even say "Hello", just kiss you, blaow
Burn in hell with a coat that fits you
When you see the devil
You can tell him Cole just sent you now

Yeah, yeah—higher, higher
Yeah, yeah—higher
Now I can be around, shit, whenever you want
I can be around, shit, whenever you need
Fuck with a nigga, we can touch the stars
Trust in a nigga, you can count on me
I can come around, shit, whenever you want
I can come around, shit, whenever you need
Fuck with a nigga, we can touch the stars
Trust in a nigga, you can count on me
Me, me, me, me, me, me
(Revenge)EPIC RAP BATTLES OF HISTORY!
CLEOPATRA! VS MARILYN MONROE!
BEGIN!

Whose rap flow's the dopest? Marilyn Monroe's is
Overthrow pharaohs who oppose me like Moses
You could never kick my ass, so kiss my clitoris
This ugly hag and KassemG got matching noses

You better hold more than your skirt, miss please
I'm the Queen of the Nile, so just bow down to me
Plus you've got so much experience down on your knees
Married a writer, but I don't even think you can read
You'll sleep with any ugly dude who says he likes it hot
Even Joe DiMaggio took a swing in your batter's box
I'm a descendant of the Gods, don't anger me trick
You'll lose this battle like your bout with barbiturates

I had some ugly boys but you're forgettin' the others
Marlon Brando and the Kennedy's, while you fuck your own brothers
You think you're so chic up in your fancy palace
Gettin' Lo on Mark Antony, tossing Caesar's salad
You wear too much eyeliner for anyone to adore you
You might as well be working the door at Sephora
I got an ass that won't quit
You had an asp and got bit, on the tit
Somebody wrap this bitch back up in a carpet

You still got no children after your third marriage
You lost so many babies we should call you Miss Carriage
You've got an hourglass figure, but that's about it
A candle in the wind that can't act for shit

Translate this into hieroglyphs
Your sandy vagina has a 7-year itch
My best friends are diamonds! You can't beat me, quit trippin'
Step off and walk your ass home like an Egyptian

WHO WON?
WHO'S NEXT?
YOU DECIDE!
EPIC RAP BATTLES OF HISTORY!That bitch there a door knob, nigga, we all get a turn
Fuck you catching feelings for? I mean when your ass'll learn?
That pussy community, community

While you be all in her DM, nigga
I be all in that BM with her
You be all in your feelings 'bout it
Like "when I see him I'mma kill this nigga"
I'm on three-way like, "you hear this nigga?"
I should take the bitch back and clip the nigga
Pussy make him not pay attention
You punk bitch go with this nigga
I throw bands, bitch, these hoes love me
I fuck a bad bitch 'till she ugly
Put the pussy in recovery
I’m like, "now what you think of me?"
Niggas goin’ out just to talk to these hoes
Blowin’ big bankrolls on clothes
Now they wonder where the money at
Yeah, the motherfucking money that they had from the re-up gone
I don't do no stalkin'
I don't cuff no hoes, tell a bitch keep walkin'
I don't do much talkin'
Right now I'm flossin', I do this often
Gotta flex on a bitch
Tag team, I got next on a bitch (I got next)
I ain't stressing a bitch
But every now and then I blow a check on a bitch

Drop that ho back off in her hood, too rich for the bitch
I'm too rich for the bitch, I'm too rich for the bitch
Drop that ho back off at that club, I'm too rich for the bitch
I'm too rich for the bitch, I'm too rich for the bitch
Now do it, baby, do it, baby (do it, do it)
Do it, baby, do it (yeah yeah)
Now do it, baby, do it, baby (do it, do it)
Do it, baby, do it (yeah yeah)

Shawty playin', she lame for that
She ain't have to put a nigga name in that
Beefin' over these bitches, not me
Nah, nigga, I ain't came for that
We don't talk to no pillows, nigga
We brought all these bitches with us
You act like you got all the hoes
But all I see is niggas with you
She don't like when you pullin' on her
She like me, I'm pullin' up
I act like I don't want her
You act like you can't get enough
That bitch there like dopeboys
If you got money she goin' for it
I drink that hoe, her head so good
She gon' have you there like, "oh lawd"
All this time you ain't on
I done bought her shit you can't afford
She take pictures with your money
But you tell her she can't do it
All you niggas don't panic
I'm just tryna understand it
I must take these hoes for granted
Or you niggas just so romantic

Drop that ho back off in her hood, too rich for the bitch
I'm too rich for the bitch, I'm too rich for the bitch
Drop that ho back off at that club, I'm too rich for the bitch
I'm too rich for the bitch, I'm too rich for the bitch
Now do it, baby, do it, baby (do it, do it)
Do it, baby, do it (yeah yeah)
Now do it, baby, do it, baby (do it, do it)
Do it, baby, do it (yeah yeah)You fired, you fired (For Joie!)
Shawty shot, shawty, shawty shot, shawty, shawty shot
Shawty shot, shawty, shawty shot, shawty, shawty shot
Shawty shot, shawty, shawty shot
Shawty shot me out the atmosphere, well this one year
I was flyin' high in the pimp plane atmosphere
Shy, shawty, shawty shy, shawty shy, shawty, shawty shy
Shawty, shawty shy, shawty shy, shawty, shawty shy
Shawty, shawty shot me out the sky, well this one year
I was flyin' high in the pimp plane atmosphere

If she could, she could see my final form
I could see you Majin Buu-in' on my Dragon Balls
What you need a map and backpack just to find the one?
Dora, Dora, come home, you been searchin' too long

Shit, high-waist jeans with a kid
Shorty always flexin' on the 'gram
Tight, tight jeans with a rack make me go on a rant
Shawty, but your attitude rank
Drunk at the club with your girls only here for the drinks
Untouchable data, unmeasurable playa'
God, the moderator, I ain't sayin', I'm hittin'
I was just wondering if I could call at your number
If I was ever in trouble, if I could take you home
I ain't a doper, you ain't a smoker
I'm hopin' to get to know you
I'm wonderin' if I could get you gone, girl
I was lookin' for ride-or-dies
And there you came through
With your fine disguise, yeah, yeah
I ain't fuckin' around no more
Don't hear me, all she hear was sha-la-la-la

If she could, she could see my final form
I could see you Majin Buu-in' on my Dragon Balls
What you need a map and backpack just to find the one?
Dora, Dora, come home, you been searchin' too long

We all gonna die one day, man ain't that crazy? (that cray)
She said thats an odd way convince me to be your lady
That be why you bae, but you is not my baby
I met these three black girls: Ocian, Jurnee, and Mercedes
One's a queen, one's narcoleptic, and one is crazy
Pickin' one lover's just like pickin' one daisy
I need at least a dozen in my DMs on the daily
Why get your nose stuck in one when you can sniff the bouquet?

La, la, la, la, ooo-la, la, la, la
La, la, la, la, ooo-la, la, la, la-ah
La, la, la, la, ooo-la, la, la, la
La, la, la, la, ooo-la, la, la, la-ah
La, la, la, la, (baba-bum-bum) ooo-la, la, la, la (bad-a-bum-bum)
La, la, la, la, (baba-bum-bum) ooo-la, la, la, la (bad-a-bum-bum)
La, la, la, la, (ba-ba) ooo-la, la, la, la (ba-ba, ba-ba)They tell me that my vibe is too dark, my eyes are too harsh
That's all I ever hear when I rhyme a few bars
I kinda live a rapper's life, shit, minus two cars
And free girls to fuck
'Cause where I'm from the hynas do charge
My label hyped me up
And told me I had about twelve hits—they lied
'Cause when my fuckin' album dropped, I didn't sell shit
Well, bitch, you tried to fuck my life up? You nailed it!
'Cause you didn't promote my record
And I don't know who the hell did
You shoulda hired Tanner Guinn, yup, Hop is mad again
Just enough to leave your little skull frame hammered in
See, this is what happens when I take that little magic pen
And get to scribblin' psychotic lines worth some damagin'
I hate to tell you, but you are crazy
You were born as a retard baby
And when I come around, you start shaking
'Cause you're a bitch who dates hard ladies
With big beards who say, "Arr, matey!"
Yo, Pillow Man the alias Hopsin has been the signature
I'm far from similar to you niggas whose flow is minature
You'll be diminished for crossin' limits on my perimeter
I'm not a gimmick, I'm a committed, demented, sinister
It's Funk Volume, now what?
If you thinkin' that rap's officially dead, you haven't found us
We built the movement from the ground up, your sound sucks
Until now we let you slide, but you're now fucked
It's just reality, you posers done been wack
I hold it down like my boner in gym class
And fuck Wayne! Man, I'm doper than his ass
Him, Nicki, and Drake can get thrown over a cliff fast
You got cash? Big whoop-dee-fuckin'-doo!
If I had a knife right now, it would be stuck in you
Yo, you ain't gonna like this corner that you pushed me up into
'Cause all you rap about's how you beat the pussy up and ooze
Fuck your fast car, your cheap singin'
You keep sayin' the same shit, while T-Painin'
And we bangin' simply because it's all we hear
Man, look at all these queers
The shit is so watered-down I developed soggy ears
Kill me! Shit, I'm waitin' to die, bitches
I hate on all you rappers who made it, 'cause I didn't
And I admit it, man, I ain't gon' bullshit y'all
As long as you walkin' away sayin' that fool spits raw
Yo, I'm from the West, I throw up the W and I stay hot
But still ain't mentioned
With Nipsey Hu$$le, Glasses, or Jay Rock
What I gotta do, dig 'Pac up out of his grave spot
And wear his face as a mask to my next show to create props?
People always ask why do I sound mad
'Cause I ain't got a girlfriend with a round ass
And all my fuckin' dinners come in a brown bag
How sad! I need a crossroad to get found at
Most rappers be in a six-four
I prefer a big horse, lit torch, and a pitchfork
While you out late workin' your shift when the kids snore
I'm fuckin' your wife while the bitch snorts
Wearin' swim shorts
I got a message on Facebook from some lame guy
And he was like, "Hopsin, dude! I fucking HATE life!
I wanna rap, but I have stage fright, and I can barely write
And I never make music that the babes like!
And when I come home from school, I wait 'til late night
And bump your music really super-loud
And paint my face white
For real, bro, if you just help me, dude
I swear to God, I'll do anything you tell me to!"
Whoa, don't hit me up tryna suck my dick!
'Cause I'm a guy, and I would rather fuck five chicks
With some plump nice tits and the butt size thick
So I can hit the G-spot that only tough guys hit
So if you hear a rumor that I rape mics, it's true
When I drop RAW, that will be the day I get sued
Damon Elliot, I might as well just say bye to you
Fuck the industry! Go out and get Haywire too!I ain't about to play with these niggas feel me?
I'm 'bout to get these bags ya dig?
Future, hold up, wassup
Good drink, good drink
We ain't playing with these
Freebandz, Freebandz
I just be, I just be getting it
I just be getting it
I just be getting it
You know what I'm saying?
Showing improvement
Getting fetti ya dig?

Riding low in a Maybach
Spraying at you like an Arab
Streets having you going crazy
I got my young niggas going crazy
Masked up nigga everyday
Got the sharp stick with me everyday
Half a pound in the ash tray
Burn it down nigga, why wait?
Burn it down on good drink
On good drink, on good drink
Money long get your money long
Get these yellow diamonds like a honeycomb
Riding low like an esé
Getting doped up that's everyday
Hermès on me every day
Keep some Cartier on me every day

Fuck a bitch in a big way
And I hit her right on the staircase
Hit that mouth I go bareface
When I'm in that mouth I go bareface
Pain pills took a double dose
Gotta bank roll with some iron on me
They told you I was real, real nigga
They wasn't lying on me
I get better and better with time don't I?
Drinking codeine like wine don't I?
Step on the scene, got dimes on me
It's a dirty game, niggas dying in it
The black Range got her riding it
Hit her throat then dive in it
Flip her over, switch sides in it
Niggas switching sides, they some pie niggas
Thank God they ain't my niggas
Stacked tall I can hide in it
Steal a car, used to ride in it
Had to hotbox, had to ride in it
Foreign coupes now I ride in it
Jimmy Choo I just vibe in 'em
I don't dab in 'em I just vibe in 'em
Boss nigga win a fight with her

I ain't never tryna be a side nigga
Never tryna be a crab nigga
Take a champagne bath nigga
Take a real champagne bath nigga
You can hit him with that yopper now
I'mma gon' head and pay the tab nigga
You the one talking down
When a nigga turn around, tryna stab niggas

Riding low in a Maybach
Spraying at you like an Arab
Streets having you going crazy
I got my young niggas going crazy
Masked up nigga everyday
Got the sharp stick with me everyday
Half a pound in the ash tray
Burn it down nigga, why wait?
Burn it down on good drink
On good drink, on good drink
Money long get your money long
Get these yellow diamonds like a honeycomb
Riding low like an esé
Getting doped up that's everyday
Hermès on me every day
Keep some Cartier on me every day

Styrofoams and a Fanta on me
Few racks with a hammer on me
Gotta move around cause them cameras on me
Gotta keep it cool when them cameras on me
Live and learn and I'm still going
Money burn and I'm still going
Count it up and I'm still going
I just count it up and I'm still going
High-Tech and I'm still pouring
Got High-Tech and I'm still pouring
Designer-signer man it's all on me
I got flawless diamonds and they all on me
Real cash nigga ball with it
Gotta bend over in the stall wit it
I'mma rich nigga so I fall in it
Really it ain't none of y'all business
Thick shit, stand tall in it
Flip her on her stomach then crawl in it
Vicodins have a ball with 'em
Percocets have a ball with 'em
Pouring up, act a dog with it
Taliban game AK, big rings like MJ
Audemar with a big face

Riding low in a Maybach
Spraying at you like an Arab
Streets having you going crazy
I got my young niggas going crazy
Masked up nigga everyday
Got the sharp stick with me everyday
Half a pound in the ash tray
Burn it down nigga, why wait?
Burn it down on good drink
On good drink, on good drink
Money long get your money long
Get these yellow diamonds like a honeycomb
Riding low like an esé
Getting doped up that's everyday
Hermès on me every day
Keep some Cartier on me every day

Never tryna be a side nigga
Never tryna be a crap nigga
Take a champagne bath nigga
Take a real champagne bath nigga
You can hit him with that yopper now
I'mma go ahead and pay the tab nigga
You the one talking down with 'em
When a nigga turn around, tryna stab niggasYeah, I told 'em
I told 'em if it's a problem, say it's a problem
I told you off the top that I was solid
I told you we get money by the pillow
I told you half of these niggas with me win now

My left and right hand Robert Horry
Most my niggas pop Xans unemployed
I can't stop, I'm goin' in, steroids
I tried to tell you when I came, it was God
I'm washin' off my hands with the mula like it's Ajax
Sippin' out my cup, hell no, don't you taste that
Hundred percent chance I done doped up and laced that
Chillin' with my family, hangin' low, I embrace them

20 different strippers, money double, triple
Started off slizzered, they callin' me The Wizard
Valet got that Porsche, Casino got that Porsche
Killers all I know, fill 'em up with the dough
You know I'm on that syrup, about to send the word
Do niggas really argue? Who gon' shoot you first
Fatface wanna do you, Blade wanna do you
This bitch from Guyana, layin' low with that hammer
Try not to fuck her on camera
I pray that my young nigga don't kill you on camera
You come too close, nigga, I'ma have to kill you on camera
I hate to discuss it
If Bubba don't trust you, nigga, you know I don't trust you

My left and right hand Robert Horry
Most my niggas pop Xans unemployed
I can't stop, I'm goin' in, steroids
I tried to tell you when I came, it was God
I'm washin' off my hands with the mula like it's Ajax
Sippin' out my cup, hell no, don't you taste that
Hundred percent chance I done doped up and laced that
Chillin' with my family, hangin' low, I embrace them

Heater on your side, it's a hundred percent chance
Some of these people by my side is straight up out the can
We come from the bottom, upper echelon
I came here to serve you, need some cash on delivery
I just hope she washed her mouth out before you kiss her
My downtown bitch said, "Did you heard me?"
I think she stays five minutes from Bourbon
I had an Arizona plug, used to serve me
I throwed that money in the bag cause it was dirty
He got that chopper on him now and he hurtin'
I know he 'bout to let it go and that's for certain
I know he 'bout to let it go and that's for sure

My left and right hand Robert Horry
Most my niggas pop Xans unemployed
I can't stop, I'm goin' in, steroids
I tried to tell you when I came, it was God
(I tried to tell you)
I'm washin' off my hands with the mula like it's Ajax
Sippin' out my cup, hell no, don't you taste that
Hundred percent chance I done doped up and laced that
Chillin' with my family, hangin' low, I embrace them

Told 'em if it's a problem, say it's a problem
I told you off the top that I was solid
I told you we get money, by the pillow
I told you half of these niggas with me win now

My left and right hand Robert Horry
My left and right hand Robert Horry
Plus my nigga pop Xans unemployed
I tried to tell you when I came, it was GodIf Young Metro don't trust you I'm gon' shoot you
Yeah, yeah
Halloween
Taliban, Taliban
I'm gon' shoot you
Yeah

Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, them boys up to somethin'
They just spent like two or three weeks out the country
Them boys up to somethin', they just not just bluffin'
You don't have to call, I hit my dance like Usher, woo!
I just found my tempo like I'm DJ Mustard, woo!
I hit that Ginobili with my left hand up like woo!
Lobster and Céline for all my babies that I miss
Chicken fingers, french fries for them hoes that wanna diss
Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, them boys up to somethin'
Uh, uh, uh, I think I need some Robitussin
Way too many questions, you must think I trust ya
You searchin' for answers, I do not know nothing, woo!
I see 'em tweakin', they know somethin's comin', woo!
Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, them boys up to somethin', woo!
Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, fuck was you expecting? Woo!
Chi-Town, Chi-Town, Michael Jordan just had text me, woo!

Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman
I just seen the jet take off, they up to somethin'
Them boys just not bluffin', them boys just not bluffin'
Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, them boys up to somethin'
She was tryna join the team, I told her wait
Chicken wings and fries, we don't go on dates
Nobu, Nobu, Nobu, Nobu, Nobu, Nobu
I just threw a private dinner in L.A
Trappin' is a hobby, that's the way for me
Money comin' fast, we never gettin' sleep
I, I just had to buy another safe
Bentley Spurs and Phantom, Jordan fadeaway

Yeah, Jumpman, Jumpman, I don't need no introduction
Jumpman, Jumpman, Metro Boomin on production, wow!
Hundred cousins out in Memphis, they so country, wow!
Tell her stay the night, valet your car, come fuck me now
Jumpman, Jumpman, live on TNT, I'm flexin', woo!
Jumpman, Jumpman, they gave me my own collection, woo!
Jump when I say jump, girl, can you take direction? Woo!
Mutombo with the bitches, you keep gettin' rejected, woo!

Heard they came through Magic City on a Monday
Heard they had the club wild, it was star-studded
A bunch of girls goin' wild when your chain flooded
And I had 'em like wow, cup dirty

Dopeman, dopeman, dopeman, dopeman, dopeman, dopeman
Money on the counter, choppers on the floor
I just copped that tempo, DJ Mustard, woo!
Way too much codeine and Adderall
We just count up big racks, whoa!
I know I'ma get my bitch back, whoa!
I count all these racks that I have on me now
I'ma have you like whoa
Chanel N°9, Chanel N°5, well you got 'em both

Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, them boys up to somethin'
They just spent like two or three weeks out the country
Them boys up to somethin', they just not just bluffin'
Jumpman, Jumpman, Jumpman, them boys up to somethin'Now this shit's about to kick off, this party looks wack
Let's take it back to straight hip-hop and start it from scratch
I'm 'bout to bloody this track up, everybody get back
That's why my pen needs a pad, 'cause my rhymes on the rag
Just like I did with addiction, I'm 'bout to kick it
Like a magician, critics I turn to crickets
Got 'em still on the fence whether to picket
But quick to get it impaled when I tell 'em, "Stick it!"
So sick, I'm looking pale—wait, that's my pigment
'Bout to go ham, ya bish, shout out to Kendrick
Let's bring it back to that vintage Slim, bitch!
The art of MCing mixed with da Vinci and MC Ren
And I don't mean Stimpy's friend, bitch
Been Public Enemy since you thought PE was gym, bitch

Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(And go berserk) All night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(And go berserk) All night long

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud
'Cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So, baby, make just like K-Fed
And let yourself go, let yourself go
Say, "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (Go berserk)
Grab your vial, yeah

Guess it's just the way that I'm dressed, ain't it?
Khakis pressed, Nike shoes crispy and fresh laced
So I guess it ain't that aftershave
Or cologne that made 'em just faint
Plus I showed up with a coat fresher than wet paint
So if love is a chess game, check mate
But girl, your body's bangin', jump me in, dang, bang-bang
Yes siree 'Bob', I was thinking the same thang
So come get on this Kid's rock, baw with da baw, dang-dang
Pow-p-p-p-pow, chica, pow, chica, wow-wow
Got your gal blowin' up a valve, v-v-valve-valve
Ain't slowin' it down, throw in the towel, t-t-towel-towel
Dumb it down, I don't know how, huh-huh, how-how
At least I know that I don't know
Question is, are you bozos smart enough to feel stupid?
Hope so, now ho

Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(And go berserk) All night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(And go berserk) All night long

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud
'Cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So crank the bass up like crazy
And let yourself go, let yourself go
Say, "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (Go berzerk)
Get your vinyls


And they say that love is powerful as cough syrup in styrofoam
All I know is I fell asleep and woke up in that Monte Carlo
With the ugly Kardashian, Lamar, oh
Sorry, yo—we done both set the bar low
Far as hard drugs are though, that's the past
But I done did enough codeine to knock Future into tomorrow
And girl, I ain't got no money to borrow
But I am tryin' to find a way to get you alone: car note
Oh, Marshall Mathers
Shithead with a potty mouth, get the bar of soap lathered
Kangol's and Carheartless Cargos
Girl, you're fixin' to get your heart broke
Don't be absurd, ma'am, you birdbrain, baby
I ain't called anybody baby since Birdman, unless you're a swallow (Ha-ha!)
Word, Rick? Word, man, you heard
But don't get discouraged, girl
This is your jam, unless you got toe jam

Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(And go berserk) All night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(And go berserk) All night long

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud
'Cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So, baby, make just like K-Fed
And let yourself go, let yourself go
Say, "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (Go berserk)
Grab your vial, yeah

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud
'Cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M.
So crank the bass up like crazy
And let yourself go, let yourself go
Say, "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (Go berzerk)
Get your vinylsTen bad bitches in a mansion
Wrist on Milly Rock, them diamonds on me dancin'
When you workin' hard, then your money start expandin'
I got model bitches wanna lick me like some candy
And them drugs come in handy
Last name Savage, bitch, but no, I'm not Randy
Hit her with no condom, had to make her eat a Plan B
And I'm sippin' on that codeine, not Brandy (21)

Hah (Hah) I'm just stuntin' on my ex-bitch (Hah)
Huh (Hol' up) I'm just flexin' on my ex-bitch (Hah)
Hol' up, I'm just stuntin' on my ex-bitch (Hol' up)
Hol' up (Hol' up) I'm just flexin' on my ex-bitch (21, 21, 21)
Fuck a wedding ring, I bought a necklace (21, 21)
Diamonds got the flu, try not to catch this (21, 21)
I left that ho alone 'cause she was ratchet (Hah, woah, woah)
All these bitches salty, they can't stand me (Hah, woah)

Flexin' on that bitch, hol' up (Flexin' on that bitch)
Bought a necklace on that bitch, hol' up (21, 21)
Her friend gon' lick me like a fruit roll up (Roll, up, roll up)
She in her feelings on the 'Gram, grow up (Bandz)
21! Flexin' on that bitch, hol' up (Hol' up)
I ain't textin' back that bitch, hol' up (No way, no way)
I ain't stressin' bout that bitch, hol' up (Savage)
21 gon' get the stick, hol' up
Hol' up, hol' up, bitch I like to ball (Like to ball)
Hol' up, hol' up, without no weave, you bald
Hol' up, bitch I spent your rent inside the mall (21, 21)
Hol' up, she got a nigga, but he broke, she lost (Savage)
Hol' up, at this private location
Hol' up, put her back in rotation (Woo)
Hol' up, bitches on me, immigration
Hol' up, goin' through the translations

Hah (Hah) I'm just stuntin' on my ex-bitch (Hah)
Huh (Hol' up) I'm just flexin' on my ex-bitch (Hah, 21)
Hol' up, I'm just stuntin' on my ex-bitch (Hol' up)
Hol' up (Hol' up, hol' up, nigga) I'm just flexin' on my ex-bitch (21, 21, 21)
Fuck a wedding ring, I bought a necklace (21, 21, 21)
Diamonds got the flu, try not to catch this (21, 21)
I left that ho alone 'cause she was ratchet (Hah)
All these bitches salty, they can't stand me (Woo, hah)

Hol' up (Hol' up) bitch my Rolex on fleek (On fleek)
Hol' up, bitch my diamonds on fleek (Bling, blaww)
Hol' up, I got gold on my teeth (Hol' up, on my teeth, teeth)
Hol' up, you got Rainbow on your feet? (Broke bitch, Bandz)
Hol' up, corny niggas don't impress me
Hol' up, never let a bitch dress me
Hol' up, can't no motherfuckin' judge check me
Hol' up, I don't give a fuck about no ring (Yuh)
Hol' up, money make my old bitches hate me
Hol' up (hol' up) bitch you still stay on Section 8 (Broke bitch)
Hol' up, my new bitch wetter than a lake (Wet as fuck)
Hol' up, and she love to let me paint her face (21)
Hol' up, fell in love with some good throat
Hol' up, fell in love with some good throat
Hol' up, ripped them confidential papers up
Hol' up, you done made me wake my savage up (21, 21, hol' up)

Hah (Hah) I'm just stuntin' on my ex-bitch (Hah)
Hol' up (Hah) I'm just flexin' on my ex-bitch (Hah)
21, I'm just stuntin' on my ex-bitch (Hol' up)
Poof (Hol' up) I'm just flexin' on my ex-bitch (21, 21, 21)
Fuck a wedding ring, I bought a necklace (21, 21)
Diamonds got the flu, try not to catch this (21, 21)
I left that ho alone 'cause she was ratchet (Hah)
All these bitches salty, they can't stand me (Hah)

Ten bad bitches in a mansion
Wrist on Milly Rock, them diamonds on me dancin'
When you workin' hard then your money start expandin'
(If Young Metro don't trust you, I'm gon' shoot you)
And them drugs come in handy
Last name Hendrix, bitch, but no, I'm no Jimi
Hit 'em with no condoms, shipped her right back out the country
And I'm sippin' codeine, tats all on my stomachGlee
Southside
Ayy, lil' Metro on that beat

Lil' Kodak, they don't like to see you winnin'
They wanna see you in the penitentiary
I need me a lil' baby who gon' listen
Girl, I don't wanna be the one you iggin'
My mama told me, "Boy, make good decisions"
Right now I gotta keep a tunnel vision
I need me a lil' baby who gon' listen
Girl, I don't wanna be the one you iggin'
Lil' Kodak, they don't like to see you winnin'
They wanna see you in the penitentiary
I need me a lil' baby who gon' listen
Girl, I don't wanna be the one you iggin'
My mama told me, "Boy, make good decisions"
Right now I gotta keep a tunnel vision
They sendin' all my homies on a mission
And I ain't tryna miss out on these millions

I jumped up out the Wraith, Kodak bought a Wraith
I get any girl I want, any girl I want
She want me to save the day, but I ain't got a cape
She wanna see me every day, she wanna be my bae
That money make me cum, it make me fornicate, uh
I'm the shit, I need some toilet pap-er
Follow my player rules, then we gon' be okay
On the real I need a bih' who gon' cooperate

Lil' Kodak, they don't like to see you winnin'
They wanna see you in the penitentiary
I need me a lil' baby who gon' listen
Girl, I don't wanna be the one you iggin'
My mama told me, "Boy, make good decisions"
Right now I gotta keep a tunnel vision
I need me a lil' baby who gon' listen
Girl, I don't wanna be the one you iggin'
Lil' Kodak, they don't like to see you winnin'
They wanna see you in the penitentiary
I need me a lil' baby who gon' listen
Girl, I don't wanna be the one you iggin'
My mama told me, "Boy, make good decisions"
Right now I gotta keep a tunnel vision
They sendin' all my homies on a mission
And I ain't tryna miss out on these millions

I told you niggas I'm gon' be that fuckin' nigga
Everything be good 'til you doin' better than 'em
They wanna see a nigga shot or see me in the system
All you niggas out here poison like snake venom
Codeine in my liver, rockin' Balenciaga denim
I'm booted even when I'm sober, I don't need a jigga
They sendin' all my niggas on a fuckin' journey
I told that baby to come over 'cause I'm fuckin' horny
My mama told me, "Kill these niggas, son, keep it goin'!"
I'm thug to the bone, but I'm still her baby boy
Lil' Kodak, boy, they hate to see you in a foreign
They miss when you was in that 'Yota kickin' doors

Lil' Kodak, they don't like to see you winnin'
They wanna see you in the penitentiary
I need me a lil' baby who gon' listen
Girl, I don't wanna be the one you iggin'
My mama told me, "Boy, make good decisions"
Right now I gotta keep a tunnel vision
I need me a lil' baby who gon' listen
Girl, I don't wanna be the one you iggin'
Lil' Kodak, they don't like to see you winnin'
They wanna see you in the penitentiary
I need me a lil' baby who gon' listen
Girl, I don't wanna be the one you iggin'
My mama told me, "Boy, make good decisions"
Right now I gotta keep a tunnel vision
They sendin' all my homies on a mission
And I ain't tryna miss out on these millionsIce on my neck (Yeah), flawless baguettes
Hop off a jet, barely get rest
Cash through the month, I get a check (Check)
Yves Saint Laurent on my pants and my chest (Drip)
Chanel, her dress, clean up her mess
I eat her flesh, you know the rest
Count up a hun', cop a Rolex (Checks)
Shine like the sun, you truly blessed (Slime)
Two-tone Patek (Mmm-mmm-mmm, ohh)
In the Clearport like I Uber these jets (Jets)
VVS's on me got my Gucci shirt wet
Put an M in my bag (Mmm), gon' get used to these racks (M's)
I went to school where they teach you finesse (Mmm)
Five hundred shoes for the drip I invest ('vest, mmm)
I'm the boss man, I keep cash in the desk (Mmm-mmm-mmm)
Know the coupe fast when it end with an S
(Mmm-mmm-mmm, yeah)

Now that I'm home, back off the road
We shut it down, where it ain't so
With checks in the streets, Jay number fours
Saint Laurent feet, put it on toes
Take it with me, double your dose
Covered with angels that's watchin' my soul
Jet got a bed, it's bigger windows
Said I'll be there in ten, but I got there in four

I feel like I'm chosen, I'm covered in gold
Mmm-hm-mmm-hm-mmm-hm-mmm
Mmm-hm-mmm-hm-mmm-hm-mmm
I left her wide open, no self control ('trol, 'trol, 'trol)
Mmm-hm-mmm-hm-mmm-hm-mmm
Mmm-hm-mmm-hm-mmm-hm-mmm
Took nothin' but five minutes, she hopped in it and drove
Mmm-hm-mmm-hm-mmm-hm-mmm

Ice on my neck, flawless baguettes (Aw, yeah)
Hop off a jet, barely get rest
Cash through the month, I get a check (Check)
Yves Saint Laurent on my pants and my chest (Drip)
Chanel, her dress, clean up her mess (Yeah)
I eat her flesh, you know the rest
Count up a hun', cop a Rolex (Checks)
Shine like the sun, you truly blessed (Shine, yeah)
Two-tone Pateks (Mmm)
In the Clearport like I Uber the jets
VVS's on me got my Louis shirt wet
It's a M in my bag, I'ma get used to these racks (M's)
I went to school where they teach you finesse (Mmm)
Five hundred shoes for the drip I invest ('vest, mmm)
I'm the boss man, I keep cash in the desk
Know the coupe fast when it end with a S
(Mmm-mmm-mmm, yeah)

La Flame on a island, me and Cash, Gunna hopped on a Learjet
Got Pradas every color, and I got CC's you ain't seen yet
Said I'd kick the cup, and now I'm askin', "Where the codeine at?"
Thirty pointers and up, Eliantte drippin', my whole team wetUh, AK on my nightstand, right next to that Bible
But I swear with these fifty shots, I'll shoot it out with 5-0
Pockets gettin' too fat, no Weight Watchers, no lipo
Money talks, bullshit walks on a motherfucking tightrope
And I make that pussy tap out, I knock that pussy out cold
Nigga you get beat the crap out, but that's just how the dice roll
These hoes want that hose pipe, so I give all these hoes pipe
She get on that dick and stay on, all night, like porch lights
Let's do it, fuck talkin', we out here, we ballin'
And I'm spraying at these rusty niggas like WD-40
We fucked up, we Truk'd up; no if, ands, or butt-fucks
Bitch niggas go behind ya back like nunchucks and that's fucked up
But my hoes down, my cups up, my niggas down for whatever
These bitches think they're too fly, well, tell them hoes I pluck feathers
I'm Tunechi, Young Tunechi, I wear Trukfit, fuck Gucci
She's blowing kisses at me with her pussy lips, smooches
And that's 2 Chainz

Look at you, now look at us...
All my niggas look rich as fuck
All my niggas live rich as fuck
All my niggas look rich as fuck!
Look at you, now look at us...
All my niggas look rich as fuck
All my niggas live rich as fuck
All my niggas look rich as fuck!

Never talk to the cops, I don't speak Pig Latin
I turnt a penny to a motherfuckin Janet Jackson
Tell the bitches that be hatin' I ain't got no worries
I just want to hit and run like I ain't got insurance
Ho, what's your name? What's your sign? Zodiac Killer
All rats gotta die, even Master Splinter
Yeah, murder, 187
I be killing them bitches, I hope all dogs go to heaven
And I got Xanax, Percocet, Promethazine with Codeine
Call me Mr. Sandman, I'm sellin' all these hoes dreams
Got a white girl with big titties, flat-ass TV screen
I keep a bad bitch, call me the B.B. King
And you know I got that mouth out her
Then put that bitch out like a house fire
I'm killing these hoes like Michael Myers
I eat that cat just like a lion
And I can't trust none of these niggas
Can't trust none of these hoes
And I see your girl when I want, I got that ho TiVo'd
Got a red-ass bitch with a red-ass pussy
Nigga try me, that's a dead-ass pussy
Since y'all motherfuckers so blind to the fact
To tell you the truth, I don't care who's lookin'
All I know is I love my bitch, that pussy feel just like heaven on earth
Six feet deep, dick shovelin' the dirt, RIP — Rest In Pussy
Light that shit, then pass that shit, we gon get so smoked out
And then I went got locked up, every night I dreamt I broke out
One time for them pussy niggas, that's that shit I don't like
We eatin' over here nigga, fuck around and have a food fight
And that's 2 Chainz

Look at you, now look at us...
All my niggas look rich as fuck
All my niggas live rich as fuck
All my niggas look rich as fuck!
Look at you, now look at us...
All my niggas look rich as fuck
All my niggas live rich as fuck
All my niggas look rich as fuck!

And your nigga a hoI'm fucking gone right now
I'm fucking gone right now
"Listen, listen"

From the morning to the evening
Complaints from the tenants
Got the walls kicking like they six months pregnant
Drinking Alizé with our cereal for breakfast
Girls calling cabs at dawn quarter to seven
Sky's getting cold, we're flying from the north
Rockin' with our city like a sold out show
House full of pros that specialize in the ho'in'
Make that money rain as they taking off they clothes
Order plane tickets
Cali is the mission
Visit every month like I'm split life living
Let the world listen
If a hater's caught slipping
Then my niggas stay tight
Got my back like Pippen
Fast life gripping
Yeah, we still tippin'
Codeine cups paint a picture so vivid
Fakes try to mimic
Get girls timid
But behind closed doors they get poles so rigid

All that money, the money is the motive
All that money, the money is the motive
All that money, the money she be folding
Girl, put in work, girl, girl, put in work
Girl, put in work, girl, girl, put in work
Girl, put in work

Push it to the limit
Push it through the pain
I push it for the pleasure like a virgin to the game
A virgin to that money
A virgin to the fame
So this my only chance
And when I'm over only pray
That I flow from the bottom
Closer to the top
The higher that I climb
The harder I'ma drop
These pussy ass niggas tryna hold on to their credit
So I tell them use a debit
Watch they image start to lessen
I warn them like discretion
Why these niggas testing?
Always fucking testing
Why these niggas testing?
Shit that I got them on straight bar hopping
To the music of the ambiance
Get shit popping
Zombies of the night (Zombies of the night)
Niggas ain't talking if they hyping to the crew
Get it in like pockets
Downtown loving
When the moon coming
Only place to find bassheads and hot women

All that money, the money is the motive
All that money, the money is the motive
All that money, the money she be folding
Girl, put in work, girl, girl, put in work
Girl, put in work, girl, girl, put in work
Girl, put in work

Better slow down
She'll feel it in the morning
Ain't the kind of girl you'll be seeing in the morning
Too damn raw, ain't no nigga with her rollin'
Ain't no nigga that she holding
Man, her love is too damn foreign
Look at all that money
The money is the motive (The money is the motive)
All that money
The money she be folding (The money she be folding)
Girl, put in work, girl, girl, put in work
Girl, put in work, girl, girl, put in work

All that money, the money is the motive
All that money, the money is the motive
All that money, the money she be folding
Girl, put in work, girl, girl, put in work
Girl, put in work, girl, girl, put in work
Girl, put in workI will (Will)
I will (I will)
I will
Oh-ooh (Oh-ooh)
Uh (Uh)

All white Gucci suit, I'm feeling righteous, yeah
I know that the truth is hard to digest, yeah
Five or six pills in my right hand, yeah
Codeine runneth over on my nightstand
Takin' medicine to fix all of the damage
My anxiety the size of a planet (Yeah, ooh)
Holes in my skull, over time
My heart's over ice (Woah)

Over ice, I'm freezing
Beautiful eyes, deceiving
We may die this evening
Coughing, wheezing, bleeding
High, I'm an anxious soul
Blood moons are my eyes, stay low
Red and black, they glow
Under attack, in my soul
When it's my time, I'll know
Never seen a hell so cold
Yeah, we'll make it out, I'll know
We'll run right through the flames, let's go (Go)

All white Gucci suit, I'm feeling righteous, yeah
I know that the truth is hard to digest, yeah
Five or six pills in my right hand, yeah
Codeine runneth over on my nightstand
Taking medicine to fix all of the damage
My anxiety the size of a planet (Yeah, ooh)
Holes in my skull, over time
My heart's over ice (Woah, uh)

I'm in too deep
Can't swim like me
We're drowning, so I will see
My demons ten feet, under me
Inhale, exhale, but I can't breathe
Too busy drinking codeine doin' high speeds
Crash, pour a four, sip it slow, make the time pass
Take a pill for the thrill, have a relapse
Devil in my head tryna run gym laps
I ain't tryna race, he don't even know me like that

All white Gucci suit, I'm feeling righteous
I know that the truth is hard to digest
Five or six pills in my right hand
Codeine runneth over on my nightstand
Taking medicine to fix all of the damage
My anxiety the size of a planet (Yeah, ooh)
Holes in my skull, over time
My heart's over ice (Woah)

I will seeGood morn' or evening, friends
Smile, you recordin'?

Slammin' Bentley doors like we invented doors
20 years ago we drove Bentley Azures
We drinkin' Cristal then
Yeah, kept the tray on me like Chris Paul then
Drinkin' Ace of Spades like it's codeine now
Tryna put a million on the whole team now
Push through the pain so we can see new life
So all the ladies havin' babies, see ya sacrifice
Mama had four kids, but she's a lesbian
Had to pretend so long that she's a thespian
Had to hide in the closet, so she medicate
Society shame and the pain was too much to take
Cried tears of joy when you fell in love
Don't matter to me if it's a him or her
I just wanna see you smile through all the hate
Marie Antoinette, baby, let 'em eat cake

Bad times turn to good memories, smile
Even when I'm gone and you remember me, smile
Good times never fade away, smile
Even if I'm not with you here today, smile
Good morn' or evening, friends
Smile
Here's your friendly announcer
Smile

Far as draft picks, my name did not get called
Bet before I go I put a billion on the board
Hall of Fame Hov, I did it all without a pen
Y'all knew that was comin', I had to remind y'all again, huh?
Flyin' paper planes through the projects
Now the whole projects on my jet
Now you see the real in the front row
In every one of y'all televised shows
Super facts
Niggas switched sides, traded pride, we don't do all that
A loss ain't a loss, it's a lesson
Appreciate the pain, it’s a blessin'

Bad times turn to good memories, smile
Even when I'm gone and you remember me, smile
Good times never fade away, smile
Even if I'm not with you here today, smile
Good morn' or evening, friends

I mastered my aesthetics
I know you often heard me wax poetic
'Bout bein' back in the Lexus
But trust me, that was nothin', a nigga up in
The hundreds of millions, I have no ceilings
Ah, this that feelin', I'm that boy
Anita Baker's "You Bring Me Joy" slappin' out of the toy
The separation is clear in my rear-view mirror
Objects is further than they appear
Oh yeah, I was born with a pair, playin' for high stakes
Norman's Cay, he looked up and out of the Lear
How niggas can't relate?
Fuck a slice of the apple pie, want my own cake
In charge of my own fate, respect Jimmy Iovine
But he gotta respect the Elohim as a whole new regime
And niggas playin' for power, huh
So our music is ours, niggas own their own houses
Ours was, "Fuck you, pay me"
Now it's, "Fuck payin' me, I pay you
Put the rest away for Blue"
That blood money I giggle at it
Can't even support my miss' habit
Jewelry shoppin' in Pa- all ya jewelers should be embarrassed
Huh, blood diamonds drippin' with guilt, I still ain't trippin'
That's life, winners and losers
Drug dealers and abusers, America likes me ruthless
My therapist said I relapsed
I said, "Pre-haps I Freudian slipped in European whips"
God sent me to break the chain, I'm the true and livin'
God in the flesh, the rest of these niggas is vain
A stain on the white suit, inferior IQ
Niggas'll rip your shit off TIDAL just to spite you
Ahhhh, what did I do? 'Cept try to free you
Niggas'll love you but hate you 'cause they can't be you
Dump 'em all in the bayou, uh
Everybody wave bye to the guy you thought you could lie to
This was meant to be a haiku, huh
But my story's too wide to fit inside the line or two
Oh, these that drugs, heron flow, I spaz on the stove
This is Hov, no flex zone, nigga, who lied to you?
Look, you a pedestrian, don't ever question the security I provided you
Oh y'all thought I was washed? I'm at the cleaners
Launderin' dirty money like the Teamsters, huh
Shout out to Hoffa back home, he in the church
When I heard you got booked, that shit hurt
Feel for you bro, we know the system don't work
Take a young nigga freedom over some dirt
Yet it's legal in Colorado, yet, we deny
Black entrepreneurs, free enterprise
That's why it's a black market, that's why it's called the trap
That's why it's called the projects 'cause it's exactly that
All these people was gon' kill me, heh
'Cause the more I reveal me, the more they 'fraid of the real me
Welcome back Carter, smile

Living in the shadow
Can you imagine what kind of life it is to live?
In the shadows people see you as happy and free
Because that's what you want them to see
Living two lives, happy, but not free
You live in the shadows for fear of someone hurting your family or the person you love
The world is changing and they say it's time to be free
But you live with the fear of just being me
Living in the shadow feels like the safe place to be
No harm for them, no harm for me
But life is short, and it's time to be free
Love who you love, because life isn't guaranteed
SmileI've been rollin' on the freeway
I've been riding 85
I've been thinking way too much
And I'm way too gone to drive
I've got anger in my chest
I've got millions on my mind
And you didn't fit the picture
So I guess you weren't the vibe
I've been rollin' on the freeway
I've been riding 85
I've been thinking way too much
And I'm way too gone to drive
I've got anger in my chest
I've got millions on my mind
And you didn't fit the picture
So I guess you weren't the vibe

Got L-O-V-E on my right leg, that's Gucci (Get what I'm sayin'?)
Got L-O-V-E on my main ho, that's Pucci (Get what I'm sayin'?)
Caught a lil' jetlag but I'm golden, damn
We deserve Grammys and some Oscars, damn
They deserve Whammy's, they imposters
I be rollin' with my project homies, it's a vibe
I just did some pills with the homie, it's a vibe
Bend her over, switch sides, it's a vibe, yah

I come through with strippers and some shottas
I gotta accept that I'm a monster
I pull up in several different options
Not all, but most of 'em came topless
I'll shatter your dreams with this cream I make (Cream I make)
Gotta be on codeine to think of shit I say (Shit I say)
I can't feel my toes and ain't gon' fold up (Fold up)
I was in the double R when I rolled up (When I rolled up)

I've been rollin' on the freeway
I've been riding 85
I've been thinking way too much
And I'm way too gone to drive
I've got anger in my chest
I've got millions on my mind
And you didn't fit the picture
So I guess you weren't the vibe
I've been rollin' on the freeway
I've been riding 85
I've been thinking way too much
And I'm way too gone to drive
I've got anger in my chest
I've got millions on my mind
And you didn't fit the picture
So I guess you weren't the vibe

Pluto
Gotta dig what I'm sayin', Chanel drapes on me, baby
Gotta dig what I'm sayin', she look like she's sponsored by Mercedes
Dig what I'm sayin', this Creed cologne is on me, baby (You dig?)
Dig what I'm sayin'? I'm goin' hard (Hard, yeah)
I pop bubbly in your memory
You should be glad I'm showin' you sympathy (Showin' you sympathy)
I gave you real love out the gutter (Out the gutter)
Ever let you go, you gon' suffer (You gon' suffer from it)

I come through with strippers and some shottas (Shottas)
I gotta accept that I'm a monster
I pull up in several different options
Not all, but most of 'em came topless
I'll shatter your dreams with this cream I make (Cream I make)
Gotta be on codeine to think of shit I say (Shit I say)
I can't feel my toes and ain't gon' fold up (Fold up)
I was in the double R when I rolled up (When I rolled up)

Yeah, L-O-V-E on my right leg
Nah Hendrix overload, dig what I'm sayin'?
I feel like I should be giving up
You can leave if it's too much
But I'm tired of you leading me on, oh no
I don't like where this shit is going
I mean I've been stuck in all your apologies
Gave my all but you want more from me
Keep your love, it doesn't feel the same
I hope it hurts you when you're hearin' my nameCook that shit up, Quay
Baby
4 Pockets
Yeah, that's my dawg, yeah

Yeah, that's my dawg for sure (My dawg)
Yeah, that's my dawg (My dawg)
Yeah, that's my dawg for sure (My dawg)
Yeah, that's my dawg (My dawg)
Me and my dawg (Me and my dawg)
We gave 'em two in a row (We gave 'em two in a row)
Me and my dawg (Me and my dawg)
We gave 'em two in a row (We gave 'em two in a row)
Deja keep on callin' (Callin')
She say she ready to pull up (Pull up)
As soon as I get there, walk in
I'ma put her in a full nelson (Yeah)
I'm on my way, I'm goin' fast
I'm comin' home to get you (I'm comin' home to get you)
I'm on my way, I'm goin' fast
I'm comin' home to get you (I'm on my way)

Hundred thousand dollars on my neck
'Nother fifty thousand on my wrist
Every nigga with me real rich
Niggas havin' pressure 'bout a bitch
I got all my cases dismissed
I don't go back and forth on the internet
Real niggas don't get into that
I'm tryna get in her mouth, for real
I'm tryna get in her mouth (Yeah)
Me and my dawgs, me and my dawgs
We tryna run in your house (Yeah, yeah)
We want them bricks, we want the money (Give me that)
You can keep all of the pounds (Give me that)
I can't be fuckin' these lil bitty bitches
'Cause they be runnin' they mouth (Yeah)
I'm really runnin' this town
Frank Mueller watch for my wrist
'Nother thirty thousand in my fit
Codeine all in my piss (Ooh)
I don't take drugs no more
Baby mama trippin' 'bout a bitch
I'm just tryna take care my kid
I been in the trenches gettin' rich
I don't know another way to go

Yeah, that's my dawg for sure (My dawg)
Yeah, that's my dawg (My dawg)
Yeah, that's my dawg for sure (My dawg)
Yeah, that's my dawg (My dawg)
Me and my dawg (Me and my dawg)
We gave 'em two in a row (We gave 'em two in a row)
Me and my dawg (Me and my dawg)
We gave 'em two in a row (We gave 'em two in a row)
Deja keep on callin' (Callin')
She say she ready to pull up (Pull up)
As soon as I get there, walk in
I'ma put her in a full nelson (Yeah)
I'm on my way, I'm goin' fast
I'm comin' home to get you (I'm comin' home to get you)
I'm on my way, I'm goin' fast
I'm comin' home to get you (I'm on my way)

Bust down Rollies for the clique
Got these bitches dancing on the dick
They gon' wait in line for this drip
I'ma give her mine, then dip
I'ma try to kill her for the real
Thirty thousand dollars in my ear
I ain't gotta sign no deal
Made a half a mil' last year
I just came home from the can
20 days, whole hundred bands
Got a nigga feelin' like the man
All these bitches knowin' who I am
Hit the ground runnin', I ain't playin'
Put a hundred bricks in the van
Give a thousand pounds to my man
Blow the money fast as I can
Signed to the streets, no advance
Bitches tryna rip me out my pants
'Cause they heard a youngin' gettin' bands
They don't know that I ain't goin' for nothin'
Only gave the bitch a couple hundred
Big dawg, nigga, you a runner
Run off on the plug, change my number
Drop top coupes for the summer

Yeah, that's my dawg for sure (My dawg)
Yeah, that's my dawg (My dawg)
Yeah, that's my dawg for sure (My dawg)
Yeah, that's my dawg (My dawg)
Me and my dawg (Me and my dawg)
We gave 'em two in a row (We gave 'em two in a row)
Me and my dawg (Me and my dawg)
We gave 'em two in a row (We gave 'em two in a row)
Deja keep on callin' (Callin')
She say she ready to pull up (Pull up)
As soon as I get there, walk in
I'ma put her in a full nelson (Yeah)
I'm on my way, I'm goin' fast
I'm comin' home to get you (I'm comin' home to get you)
I'm on my way, I'm goin' fast
I'm comin' home to get you (I'm on my way)

Dawgs
Just me and my dawgs
We gon' take 'em down two in a row
We gon' take 'em down two in a row
We gon' take 'em down two in a row
Just me and my dawgs
I'ma put her in a full nelson
As soon as I get there, I'ma put her in a full nelsonMan, my life so sweet, I feel like Cody (Cody)
I wake up, rinse my mouth with fuckin' codeine (Codeine)
Thirty bottles, yeah, the bill is on me (On me)
Been livin' fast, no, I can't take it slowly (Slowly)
Man, my life so sweet, I feel like Cody (Cody)
I wake up, rinse my mouth with fuckin' codeine (Codeine)
We on a bender, we ain't gettin' no sleep (No sleep)
We turned the hotel lobby to a party

I'm whippin' a foreign, I can't whip no Beetle (Can't whip no Beetle, can't whip no Beetle)
I rock that Saint Laurent over my beater (Over my beater)
I like to stunt like I'm Evel Knievel (Ooh)
But, it don't mean nothin' without all my people (Oh)
When I step up on stage, hands up to the sky (Hands up to the sky)
Every little thing I do, they always analyze (They always analyze)
Gave that bitch a little blow and then she come alive (Ooh, wow!)
Started dancin' on the table, like she had on mine (Yeah)

I don't fuck with nobody (No), yeah, you hardly know me (Oh)
What you take me for (Take me for), no, I can't save your soul (Oh)
I don't fuck with nobody, yeah, you hardly know me (You don't know me, know me)
Please just leave me alone (Ayy)

Man, my life so sweet, I feel like Cody (Cody)
I wake up, rinse my mouth with fuckin' codeine (Codeine)
Thirty bottles, yeah, the bill is on me (On me)
Been livin' fast, no, I can't take it slowly (Slowly)
Man, my life so sweet, I feel like Cody (Cody)
I wake up, rinse my mouth with fuckin' codeine (Codeine)
We on a bender, we ain't gettin' no sleep (No sleep)
We turned the hotel lobby to a party

Made a hundred bands, saw all your hands out (All your hands out)
No, my friend, can't do no handouts (Do no handouts)
All these rappers, all sound the same now (Sound the same now)
Sayin' I'm to blame, now y'all see me on the TV (Ooh)
Multimillionaire by the time I'm 23 (Ooh)
Gettin' no sleep (No), ragin' for a week (Ooh)
I hit number one and I ain't even hit my peak (Ahh)
I just had to tell 'em

I don't fuck with nobody, yeah, you hardly know me
What you take me for, no, I can't save your soul
I don't fuck with nobody, yeah, you hardly know me (Hardly know me)
Please just leave me alone (Leave me alone)

Man, my life so sweet, I feel like Cody (Cody)
I wake up, rinse my mouth with fuckin' codeine (Codeine)
Thirty bottles, yeah, the bill is on me (On me)
Been livin' fast, no, I can't take it slowly (Slowly)
Man, my life so sweet, I feel like Cody (Cody)
I wake up, rinse my mouth with fuckin' codeine (Codeine)
We on a bender, we ain't gettin' no sleep (No sleep)
We turned the hotel lobby to a party

We ain't sleepin', we ain't sleepin', we ain't (We ain't sleepin', we ain't sleepin')
We ain't sleepin', we ain't sleepin' tonight (No)
We ain't sleepin', we ain't sleepin', no way (Oh, yeah, we ain't sleepin')
Pour that drink, 'cause we ain't sleepin' tonight (No)Drum Dummie
Drum Dummie made the beat and I'm gon' kill it
Oh, this Drum Dummie who made this beat, huh?
I ain't flashin', though
I'm just coolin' right now
It ain't nobody but me and Herm in the studio
And I'm just bored
And, I hope y'all was waitin' to hear from me
So, I just recorded

Real street nigga, I ain't tryna feel no sorrow (No)
Drive that Maybach like a fuckin' Monte Carlo
I been tryna find some peace and only God know (Yeah)
Cross me once, can't call my phone, you get the dial tone
I been on fleek, I'm poppin' (I'm poppin')
Not many 'round if you don't know, it helped my pockets (My pockets)
And my bro take that Draco and go wildin' (Bah, bah)
Tryna grow up, don't come in contact with that violence
Violins should be played, how I'm stylin'
Comment "Where," she like, "What picture?" That ain't my bitch
Tired of the Bayou, I want take it out to New York
And live a high life like a nigga signed with Highbridge
I flash out and take his head from off his body
I never once showed you that side, but that's who I'm is
Hidin' out, I let that 30 spit on College
If I die right now, just check the stats and see how I did
I'm a real street nigga, yeah
I just pulled my 'Retta out and tried to stop a nigga (Where you goin'?)
I just walked outside my house and almost shot a nigga (Fuck is you doin'?)
Fuck my ex, I hope my next can prolly top a nigga

Take me to a place I can't imagine (Oh)
Victim of heartbreak and I'm so damaged (Oh)
Steppin' in blood, we deep thugs and I can't panic
Yeah, we knocked him off
Nigga, what? They gotta hand it

I just took the foreign on the block and took the top off
Talkin' out his top, I go by top, I get him knocked off
See them youngins hoppin' out that Benz, that's some dropouts
They was hatin', I knocked 'em out my lens, that ain't my fault
I'm with Herm, I'm drinkin' on that Hen' like a papa
Pure codeine, they drinkin' on that gin, I been goin' off
Goin' off on all these hoes waitin' on me to fall
I walk in court, dirty as the fuck with pee up in my draws
Bitch, I'm drunker than the fuck, I need some Tylenol
I go nuts, soon as you buck, I shoot at all of y'all (Bah, bah)
I left therapy with K3 and I sped off
Talkin' proper as the fuck with my head off
Talkin' proper as the fuck with my head off
Been goin' crazy but I can't let my son see it all
All this love got me damaged, I just want it gone
If you my friend, let's get it in, bitch, take yo' panties off

Take me to a place I can't imagine (Oh)
Victim of heartbreak and I'm so damaged (Oh)
Steppin' in blood, we deep thugs and I can't panic
Yeah, we knocked him off
Nigga, what? They gotta hand itWhat I hate most in this life is a long night
Four walls and no calls, and no lights
But the moonlight creepin' through the blinds
Ceiling fan on high spinnin'
I'm beginning to believe that tonight is the night
Dead by dawn
I'll shred my palms to the end of my arm
I'm spread and gone, embalmed
Put me in the dirt where I belong
Existence is overrated anyway
Fifty years later, they won't remember you're dead
Six billion people living as civilians, and I hated them all
I should have been a vermillion reptilian living in a swamp
(At least I'd have scales to protect me from the pain)

Enter the void with my wrist shackled up
Codeine and water that fill up my cup
Visuals glisten when I get fucked up
Rehab's for quitters and I don't give up
Cockin' the nine if you wanna act tough
This all by design, I don't have any luck
When it comes to them dollars, don't make me get buck
Hollow tip showers when I go and bust
Tell me the reason you wanna be us
I'll tell you good riddance and then get the fuck
Used to fuck bitches in back of the bus
Nothin' has changed, bitch, I'm still bustin' nuts
Always complainin' 'bout bitches and love
When I don't feel nothing, no, not even lust
Triple six demons, in Satan we trust
Killing these motherfuckers is a mustM-M-M-Murda

Huncho foreign (Huncho), got your bitch on porn (smash, smash)
Whip's too foreign (skrrt), iced my arm (ice, shine)
Cactus Jack, yeah, got plaques on plaques, yeah
Hits on hits, yeah, in the mix
Huncho foreign (Huncho), got your bitch on porn (yeah, smash)
Whip's too foreign (skrrt, skrrt) ice on arms (ice, ice)
Shit go back, like it's L.A. traffic, yeah
Crushin' down Addy's, yeah, bustin' out plastic (yeah!)

Huncho
Basic, basic, basic, basic
I can't fuck, she basic (no)
Keep mask like I'm Grady (mask)
Number one shooter like Tracy (shoot)
Tonka truck Mercedes (Tonka)
Drivin' and I'm faded (skrrt)
I'm on your block, invadin' (block)
All my guns updated

It's 5 A.M. lookin' like noon (yeah!)
I took her right out of saloon (it's lit!)
Put 5 in the back, I got room
Can't fit no more chains, ain't got room (straight up!)
Yeah, new crib, I'll put that on the moon (yeah!)
Upstairs and we blowin' up fumes, yeah
Don't panic, can't have no more seizures
Fuckin' up cash at my leisure
I had a lot of these (ahh), targets and the foes (yeah!)
Took it like I stole it (skrt skrt), it got old, shit moldy (ugh)
Money way high to knees
No way I can fold it (yeah!)
She thinkin' I'm golden (ice!)
She suck my voltage, yeah (alright!)

Huncho foreign (Huncho), got your bitch on porn (smash, smash)
Whip's too foreign (skrrt), iced my arm (ice, shine)
Cactus Jack (yeah!), got plaques on plaques, yeah (alright!)
Hits on hits, yeah (yeah, yeah), in the mix (it's lit!)
Huncho foreign (Huncho), got your bitch on porn (yeah, smash)
Whip's too foreign (skrrt, skrrt) ice on arms (ice, ice)
Shit go back, like it's L.A. traffic, yeah
Crushin' down Addy's, yeah, bustin' out plastic (yeah!)

(Huncho)
Flood my AP (AP)
Make these hoes wanna take me (take me)
The gun off safety (safety)
Shoot a fuck nigga like KD, yeah (baow)
Shit hit brazy, yeah (brazy)
Made my left eye lazy, yeah
Goin' up lately, yeah
Dock in the back Old Navy, yeah (alright!)
We gonna get it in (get it)
My trap house look innocent (innocent)
Private residence (private)
Leavin' no evidence (yeah yeah)
Yeah, codeine, it's medicine
Yeah, somethin' is evident
Yeah, made tees with Helmut Lang
Yeah, what's next, ain't no tellin' it (ye)
Closet filled in designer (designer)
Take a knee like the 'Niners (Kaepernick)
Join the team, don't divide us (join them)
Then watch your money go higher
Yeah, lil help, lil guidance (yah)
Run it back through the tight end (yah)
Get the sack, move in silence (yeah!)
Bring that trophy back to my end (alright!)

Huncho foreign (Huncho), got your bitch on porn (smash, smash)
Whip's too foreign (skrrt) iced my arm (ice, shine)
Cactus Jack, yeah (yeah!), got plaques on plaques, yeah (alright!)
Hits on hits, yeah (yeah, yeah), in the mix (it's lit!)
Huncho foreign (Huncho), got your bitch on porn (yeah, smash)
Whip's too foreign (skrrt, skrrt) ice on arms (ice, ice)
Shit go back (ahh), like it's L.A. traffic, yeah
Crushin' down Addy's, yeah, bustin' out plastic (yeah!)
Huncho, JackYeah, I know
You be posted up from Sunday to Saturday night
Started hangin' with the members, then you blew a few pipes
And you gon' do the dash if you see them blue lights
A lot of people dyin' and it's a chance that you might
You got God on your side, but it's hard to do right
Don't pay them haters no mind, you can be what you like
Tryna leave this in the past, grindin' for a new life

Hard headed, I grew up resilient
It wasn't no heroes, so we looked up to the villains
For generations, bitch, my side of town been drillin'
We been at war ever since them red buildings
It's hard to make peace once blood get to spillin', ayy
Lil Wooski get to shootin' like he filmin'
Yeah, my friends died too, I know that feeling
I'm poppin' ecstasy to help me with the healin'
Leia and lil' baby my younger siblings
I really love 'em, so I treat 'em like my children
Leilani told me stack them bands to the ceiling
I switched my swag up, can't you tell the difference?
I'm finna feed the whole gang with these millions
I'm finna buy my whole hood with these millions
Girl, if I give you my time, that's a privilege
But I can only give my heart to the realest

Yeah, I know
You be posted up from Sunday to Saturday night
Started hangin' with the members, then you blew a few pipes
And you gon' do the dash if you see them blue lights
A lot of people dyin' and it's a chance that you might
You got God on your side, but it's hard to do right
Don't pay them haters no mind, you can be what you like
Tryna leave this in the past, grindin' for a new life

Lately, I've been feelin' like fuck the streets, this shit a scam
These days, if it ain't 'bout money, I don't give a damn
I'm just gon' get rich and fuck them plastic hoes on Instagram
Still with the gang though, one false move, them killers blam
Still on that same block for those who say they look for me
I ain't sacrifice the shit I lost, it was took from me
Almost went insane, went insane, went insane
From all this pain, all this pain, all this pain
Turned that pain into passion and made it happen
Shout out to the ones who doubted me, they keep me laughin'
Sippin' on this codeine got me relaxin'
She say she like how I be swaggin', she love my fashion
VVS my diamonds, my jewelry flashin'
Drip so hard, I'm makin' puddles, bitch, my Gucci splashin'
Fresh to death like my closet in the casket
Fresh to death like my closet in the casket

Yeah, I know
You be posted up from Sunday to Saturday night
Started hangin' with the members then you blew a few pipes
And you gon' do the dash if you see them blue lights
A lot of people dyin' and it's a chance that you might
You got God on your side, but it's hard to do right
Don't pay them haters no mind, you can be what you like
Tryna leave this in the past, grindin' for a new life

Ayy, grindin' for a new life
Grindin' for a new life
Grindin' for a new life, ayyThese rappers is actors, they life is in scenes (Cut, cut, cut)
You catch me in traffic, got pipes with the beams
Got so many clips that I could make a movie
Herb got the Uzi up under the Coogi
Them niggas with you they look like some goofys
Gon try to rob me, you gon have to shoot me

Nigga tryna rob me? That will never happen
Keep my Smith & Wesson
Hollows to his chest and someone call a reverend
Taught that boy a lesson, here come 911
Stand right over here check him if you ain't check him
Fo' Nickle jam, damn he caught a blessing
Better not come through flexing all my niggas reckless
If you looking for us, just pull up on Essex

I trap on the corner no matter the weather
A stack for the sweater, I trap in Margielas
Shooters they with me they pack a Baretta
She let me fuck from the back when I met her
That .357 will send you to heaven
These niggas is tellin my niggas is felons
My bitches dyking like they name was Ellen
Laughing at niggas like they name was Kevin

Aye, codeine what I'm sipping,  gas what I'm inhaling
Posto what you smelling
Rollin up dutches in the living room got my momma yelling
Chill out, why you trippin, fuckin up my session?
Here a couple 100's go watch channel 7
Momma knew I was the man since I was 7
Therefore she don't give a damn about the present

I hop on the track, you could see what I'm spitting
You niggas wouldn't believe how I'm living
I don't think they could take the heat in the kitchen
I pray my young niggas get freed out the prison
My block is hot, the police is tripping
My niggas savage, don't need a religion
I see niggas oppin then I'm going shopping
I pop out the cut then I'm squeezing and dipping

Hah, and we call that completing the mission
You know everywhere we go got like 2 or 3 poles
Shoot the bitches if you look suspicous

Play with me, you gon sleep with the fishes
No them killers don't shoot from a distance
And them niggas ain't leaving no witness
Eat up tracks man this beat was delicious

That fuck nigga ain't gon shoot
Niggas is cappin, they say that they savage
But I ain't heard nothin bout you
That fuck nigga ain't gon shoot
They say that they trappin, they claim that they got it
But I ain't heard nothin bout you

Before me and Bibby had verses and show money pilling
We were just young niggas wilding
Even though I be rapping about murders and violence
When the police come, I'm silent
Louie V on my shirt, and Gabana my shades
Versace my belt, I be stylin
Your bitch says she in love with my "Hot Nigga" verse
Now she sucking my dick from freestyling

I'm still puttin on for my city
Fuck niggas rapping like Bibby
Still ride around with my glizzy
Pull up and do a nigga like Ricky
Said you can't get out of this game
End up murked like Caine
Y'all niggas be looking like stains
Yung Berg I'll take a nigga chainSouthside (Southside, Southside)
Pull up and wreck (Yeah), pull up and
If Young Metro don't trust you, I'm gon' shoot you

Pull up with the spark, hit you in the dark (Whoa)
Tear your ass apart when you swim with sharks
I'm in the car like Tony Starks 'cause I'm that smart (Skrrt)
Doing 106 then park like I'm in my yard (Sideways)
And motherfuck the camera time, I need family time (Yeah)
I need "go see Uncle John in Atlanta" time (John)
I'd probably never get it, but it's cool to fantasize (It´s cool)
Just like I do by old girl and these hands of mine (Whoa)
Gripping on the titties, ass, and her thighs (Oh yeah)
Honestly, I'm over her and her lies
Cartier over my eyes while I analyze
Ok, me and lil' Metro, rockin' new retros
Take off your dress ho, that's the new dress code (Yeah)
Too blessed to stress, that's my manifesto (Bless)
Fuck the professor, I'm too professional

I know some East Side niggas and they love to bang
Know some West Side niggas like to do the same thing
Pull up and wreck, pull up and wreck
Pull up and wreck, pull up and wreck
I know some East Side niggas and they love to bang
Know some West Side niggas like to do the same thing
Pull up and wreck, pull up and wreck
Pull up and wreck, we take no disrespect

I ain't taking disrespect, lil' nigga (Straight up)
Put a couple holes in your neck, lil' nigga (God)
Fuck a diss song, get you stressed, lil' nigga (21)
Got a shoestring 'round my TEC, lil' nigga (Facts)
Got a Mulsanne and a 'Vette, lil' nigga (21)
Brand new Carbon one-five and it's red, dog (21)
I ain't tryna fuck you, I just want some head, dog (Yeah)
Straight up out the Six and we don't shoot at legs, dog (Leg)
Zone 6 niggas love to see the white meat (21)
I put codeine all in my ice tea (Red)
Take a nigga bitch and then I make her wifey (Yeah)
Take a nigga bitch and then we do the nasty (Yeah)
All these diamonds dripping, now she wanna bite me (Facts)
She broke up with that nigga, now he wanna fight me (Ha)
Fox 5 Gang, we don't do no fighting (Gang)
This Glock gon' knock a nigga down like Tyson (21, 21)

I know some East Side niggas and they love to bang
Know some West Side niggas like to do the same thing
Pull up and wreck, pull up and wreck
Pull up and wreck, pull up and wreck
I know some East Side niggas and they love to bang
Know some West Side niggas like to do the same thing
Pull up and wreck, pull up and wreck
Pull up and wreck, we take no disrespect (Disrespect)

How a nigga changed and still stayed a hundred? (Huh)
I ran towards change while y'all ran from it (Whoa)
Y'all wanna ball, I'm Stan Van Gundy
She wanna hang with me and 'Ye, she know that's good company
I like my skies Carolina blue and white
True one, false move and that could paralyze your life (Brr)
So understand, I'm the overanalyzing type (Type)
Panoramic views while I'm panning out my life (Look up, look up)
And I grew up playing GoldenEye (Damn)
So I'm used to sticking to the mission while they taking shots
When you this high, you disconnect a lot (Yeah)
Sometimes I separate myself to connect the dots (I do)
Only way I'm going back is going back home (Home)
I don't drink tap water, but got tapped phones (Brr)
Dior on my suit, I'm the troop
Money come around, I'm never out the loop (Loop)
Kiss the bottom of my boot (Yeah, yeah)

I know some East Side niggas and they love to bang
Know some West Side niggas like to do the same thing
Pull up and wreck, pull up and wreck
Pull up and wreck, pull up and wreck
I know some East Side niggas and they love to bang
Know some West Side niggas like to do the same thing
Pull up and wreck, pull up and wreck
Pull up and wreck, we take no disrespect

I’m talking FN’s and TEC’s
Rollies, Pateks
I heard that you snitch
You got police on text
Pull up and wreck, pull up and wreck
Pull up and wreck, we take no disrespect
Southside (Southside, Southside)
If Young Metro don't trust you, I'm gon' shoot youIf Young Metro don't trust you I'm gon' shoot you
DJ EscoMoeCity, the coolest DJ on the motherfuckin' planet
Ayy, ayy, ayy

Got a money counter on me, baby, how you love that?
I'm a big timer, baby, how you love that?
Got a money counter on me, baby, how you love that?
Got bottles on me right now, how you love that?
I'm drippin' on 'em, baby, how you love that?
I'm drippin' on 'em, baby, how you love that?
I'm drippin' on 'em now, how you love that?
I'm drippin' on 'em now, how you love that?

I'm drippin' flavor, you just a traitor
No sports agent, I am a player
I'm at the Four Seasons like I'm on vacation
Tryna count some paper everyday I wake up
I can't get no sleep, I'm runnin' these bands way up
Louboutins on my feet gettin' laced up
Hublot wrapped around my wrist, it's perfect timer
Hublot wrapped around my wrist, I'm tryna find her
I got fine bitches on me just like Chyna
Here's a chance for you to prove it girl, line up
Ain't no pressure, got a drapper bustin' diamonds
If you care about her, put her in designer

Shawty want a taste of the high life
Shawty want a taste of the high life
Tussin' up right now, how you love that?
We toastin' up right now, how you love that?
I could pay your rent right now, how you love that?
I could pay your bills right now, how you love that?
I buy you a brand new car, how you love that?
I'm standin' on the bar, how you love that?
We came in VIP, how you love that?
We came in VIP, how you love that?
Got a money counter on me baby, how you love that?
I'm drippin' on 'em now, how you love that?

Foreign automobiles, spinnin' these wheels, yeah-yeah-yeah
Take the top off a seal, take the top off a seal and pour it
Make me some Codeine I want it, make me some bars I want it
I got a feelin' she want me like I want her

Shawty want a taste of the high life
Shawty want a taste of the high life
Toastin' up right now, how you love that?
We toastin' up right now, how you love that?
Actavis and red, how you love that?
Actavis and red, how you love that?
Ace of Spade Rosé, how you love that?
Ace of Spade Rosé, how you love that?

You need that drip, you wanna drip
I show you drip, I'mma get on that drip
Like to drip, they like to drip
You wanna drip, you know we drip
I'm drippin' on 'em, baby, how you love that?
I'm drippin' on 'em, baby, how you love that?
I'm drippin' on 'em now, how you love that?
I'm drippin' on 'em now, how you love that?Mello made it right

Nigga, I was down bad, now I'm on a jet for real
Got all this ice on me, baby, told my Patek to chill
Sippin’ on this codeine, my baddest bitch is on X pill
I want a couple million without a record deal
Got 25 thousand on me, when I've been ridin' in a Phantom
Got all designer on me, bitch, I’m so fly it don't matter
I wanted to feel the V12 when I was ridin' in Atlanta
Been sippin' good shit all day, I'm damn near high as my Phantom

I got three bitches with me, they want the baguettes on their neck
Bitch, I was made inside the projects, I got Crip on my set
Nigga, I was really on the floor, then I woke up in a jet
Ain't never had to dodge no nigga, I just might cop Demon
I'm shoppin' at Neiman’s, ballin’ every season
Feelin' like I’m dreamin', shinin' every weekend
All they know is that I was broke, then I got a brand new coupe
Louis V's on my shoes, fuckin’ all my bitches by the twos
First time in V12, she was hangin' out the roof
My VVs ice cream, I ain't even have to scoop
Got the whole universe in my ceilin', I'ma set the mood
I seen his main bitch lookin' at my neck, ooh

Nigga, I was down bad, now I'm on a jet for real
Got all this ice on me, baby, told my Patek to chill
Sippin' on this codeine, my baddest bitch is on X pill
I want a couple million without a record deal
Got 25 thousand on me, when I've been ridin' in a Phantom
Got all designer on me, bitch, I'm so fly it don't matter
I wanted to feel the V12 when I was ridin' in Atlanta
Been sippin' good shit all day, I'm damn near high as my Phantom

She just popped an X pill, wanna see how the 'Vette feel
Fiji on my Rollie make her wanna have some sex for real
Tennis chain, my neck on chill, I ain't have to go get no deal
Last month I spent a hundred thousand on the closet
I bought the penthouse just to handle ménages
Got the new crib, my nigga fresh out, he kept it solid
20 bands on me, can't even fit inside the wallet
Bitch, I'm ballin', 13 on me like I was Harden, yeah
Niggas know Ricchy, I'm lit, might take my ride through the 6
I've been mixin' my designers, nigga, I'm fly as a bitch
I just talk about my lifestyle, I don't write this shit
Ever since that jail cell opened up, I let these diamonds hit (Yeah, yeah)

Nigga, I was down bad, now I'm on a jet for real
Got all this ice on me, baby, told my Patek to chill
Sippin' on this codeine, my baddest bitch is on X pill
I want a couple million without a record deal
Got 25 thousand on me, when I've been ridin' in a Phantom
Got all designer on me, bitch, I'm so fly it don't matter
I wanted to feel the V12 when I was ridin' in Atlanta
Been sippin' good shit all day, I'm damn near high as my Phantom (Yeah, yeah)(Wheezy outta here)

Solitary diamonds, solitary jewels
With a bitch that's shinin', lookin' like the moon
Said she wanna party, wanna let it loose
Bustin' out my back room, she ain't out the loop
It's jumpin', let it in (Ooh)
I put it out, they come in (Ooh)

Came up off a brick
Bought a Richard Mille, my new watch don't tick
Drippin' in Louis V, made a movie, and Prada another film
It's the Don Dada, I stand this Lamborghini on one wheel
Twelve o'clock, and I got my gun clocked, and I'm on one pill
Monday all the way to Sunday, pick a time to drill
Gettin' my lettuce, I'm gettin' my paper, I'm gettin' my trees (Woo, woo)
One thousand percent, keep it one thousand with me (Woo, woo, yeah)
Started with my squad, so I can't chill
Money over bitches, gotta play the field
Coronavirus diamonds, you can catch the flu
Trap in bandos, walk in Jimmy Choo
Solitaries made a rockstar too (Ooh)
Solitary diamonds, I can show proof (Ooh)
That these bitches on me just like a pop group
I got racks on my mind and I can't lose (Yeah)
And I got solitary diamonds, solitary jewels
Watches full of baguettes, pockets full of blue (Yeah)
Solitary diamonds, solitary jewels
Girls gettin' naked in my swimming pool (Yeah)
I wanna take care you and your friends (Yeah)

Ooh
I put it out, they come in
Ooh (It's lit)
Radical decisions what we always choose
All the dogs is hungry and they sellin' food (Yeah)
Every time we do it, tend to hit the news
I don't want it if it's stiff or if that pussy loose
Runnin', know they gunnin' 'cause I got the juice
I been thuggin' since a youngin, brought that work to school
Floodin' all the hundreds, we done broke the pool
All this money bring the power, I didn't make the rules (Let's go)

Sipping on codeine got my screws loose
Making all this money got my screws loose (Yeah)
Ridin' Lamborgini made her pussy juicy
Grippin' on the wheel, playin' in her pussy
Diamonds on my neck been going crazy
I think I need to see a psychiatrist (Ooh)
Living in the streets and the gutter raised me
I know how to sell narcotics (Yeah)

When they let us off of lock', man, we gon' make that shit pop
Been humpin' wifey for so long, she got a limp when she walk
Got seven drops in four spots, I get to pick where I live
In the back they playin' twinsies like a Hugh Hefner zoo
On my teeth, these diamonds twinkle, in her legs a jacuzzi
I be tweakin' every day, I got some screws missin'
I keep an Air Max pump on me, no, not my 270s (Yeah)
And they know just where I be, it's like I'm 713 (Yeah)
Havin' money on this side is not the conversation (Yeah, yeah)
Solitary diamonds for my dawg inside, he waited, yeah (Straight up)

Solitary diamonds, solitary jewels
With a bitch that's shinin', lookin' like the moon
Said she wanna party, wanna let it loose
Bustin' out my back room, she ain't out to loop
I wanna take care you and your friends (Ooh)
I put it out, they come in (Ooh)All of these perkys don't save me
All of these xannys don't save me
All of this codeine don't save me
Choking on sorrow, yeah, reaper just take me
Please, don't you save me, ho, don't you save me
P.S. I love you, P.S. I hate you, please, don't you save me
All of these perkys don't save me
All of these xannys don't save me
All of this codeine don't save me
Choking on sorrow, yeah, reaper just take me
Please, don't you save me, ho, don't you save me
P.S. I love you, P.S. I hate you, please, don't you save me

Emotionless, I'm standin' here
Dameon is takin' him
We don't regret the sins we've made
I overdose to cover pain
She left me here and slit my heart
I can't see light, I turn it dark
These rope burns be my beauty marks
Said ain't shit sweet, my life is tart
Please don't love me, don't get close
I can't show you this side of me
I'm burnin' up, I'm next to death
They want me for eternity
All this frenzy clothing money cover up my true feelings
On the verge of suicide, my knot at throat mono cry
My VVS's shinin', Margiela shoes I'm tryin'
Bitch, I'm hot as fuck
I just want more money pilin'
Some milligrams I'm wylin'
Ten toes down, I'm grounded
Perkys wash away some pain and got my brain cells fryin'
Drip, watch me come
You a crumb, I'm rich and young
Skrting off, fast as fuck
You a hater, broke as fuck
I just need me all this
You can't get me all this
Look what you created
Take a shot, I hope you don't miss

All of these perkys don't save me
All of these xannys don't save me
All of this codeine don't save me
Choking on sorrow, yeah, reaper just take me
Please, don't you save me, ho, don't you save me
P.S. I love you, P.S. I hate you, please, don't you save me
All of these perkys don't save me
All of these xannys don't save me
All of this codeine don't save me
Choking on sorrow, yeah, reaper just take me
Please, don't you save me, ho, don't you save me
P.S. I love you, P.S. I hate you, please, don't you save me

I just wanna close my eyes and never wake up tonight
(Close my eyes and never wake up tonight)
I just wanna make you mine, gettin' high in the candlelight
(Make you mine, gettin' high in the candlelight)
Baby, I just poured an eight in that two-liter Sprite, fuck it, I'll be fine (Fuck it, I'll be fine)
I just dropped a couple green pills in my Sprite, baby, I'll be fine
And fuck it, if I die, it was by your side
Hold me closer, I can't be your man
I don't think you understand, It's obvious to me I wasn't in the plan
Never sober, I can't be your man
I don't think you understand
It's obvious to me you want my rubberbands
PeepCan we stay home tonight?
Try something new tonight?
This drink got me feelin' right
I'm 'bout to lose my mind
You, me, and Hennessy, look what you did to me
Fuckin' so crazy, you twirlin' and spinnin' me
My head keep on spinnin', my legs keep on shakin'
But my head keep on spinnin'
I'm out of my mind, let's keep on sippin'
Let's make some babies and make it official
I feel you inside, no better feelin'
I throw it back, and you catch my driftin'
You shiftin' inside you got me screamin'
You got me yellin' out yo name, ooh, I need you
You kiss on my thighs and then you eat it
Pause for a minute, then I let you beat it
I lovin' this ride, smooth like a Bimmer
Smooth like that Henny, this what happens when we drinkin'
I'm not gonna lie, you got me speechless
Got 69, more than 25 reasons

Me, Hennessy, and you
Me, Hennessy, and you
Me, Hennessy, and you
Me, Hennessy, and you

You, me, and Hennessy, look what you did to me (And you)
I say my head keep on spinnin' (Couple candles)
Me, Hennessy, and you (No TV's reporting bad news, it's just me, Hennessy, and you)
Some fast food
'Bout to act a damn fool in your brand new
Your brand new
Foola

Can we stay home tonight?
Try something new tonight?
Don't wear your thong tonight
No Trojan on tonight
Oh Lord, I usually don't do this
But I'ma go and get the quarter goin'
Ignore the phone and the car alarm
Hold up, I'm 'bout to cum, no, false alarm
Ooh, makeup off, no weave, lashes off, yeah
Codeine, Adderall, it's a pussy marathon
Girl, you don't love me, you just love my doggystyle
Put this dick up in your mouth while you're talkin'
Like, "What you talkin' 'bout?"
Yeah, 'cause you've been talkin', no more talkin'
While I make us a drink, and I don't drink
So when you're not lookin' I pour some out in the sink
Babe, I guess chemistry is true
But I don't know if it's the Hennessy or you
I heard you eat pussy too and I'm feelin' that
I hope your girlfriend feelin' me too
I'ma fuck her real good right next to you
Then look at you like it's finna be you
Me, Hennessy, and you

And you
Couple candles
No TV's reporting bad news, it's just me, Hennessy, and you
Some fast food
And you gon' act a damn fool on this good wood
This bamboo
Mula!

You, me and Hennessy, look what you did to me
I say my head keep on spinnin'
Me, Hennessy and you, ayy
Ayy, this what happens when we drinkin'
Me, Hennessy and you, me, Hennessy and youMy earrings cost a half a ticket, I don't hear the same shit y'all niggas hear
On God

Pockets on Cheez-Its, heavy on the cheddar (Cheddar)
Run off with your money, Savage a.k.a. Jerry Heller (Heller)
Too much drip, I'm rainin', bought a Gucci umbrella (Umbrella)
Why you always trippin' bitch? You must look up to Ella (Ella)
It's only the first night and she keep tryna snuggle (Snuggle)
I slept on my back just so I ain't have to cuddle (Cuddle)
Nothing 'bout me average, hit her with a Fendi rubber (Straight up)
Feel like a magician, all these bitches that I juggle (Straight up)
'Rari red, Bentley black, got a Demon and a Cat
Check the stats, all facts, rap made me a lot of racks
Down bad, caught a flat, change his tire, he got jacked
Ass fat, waist snatched, can I get some of that pussycat?

1.5 (1.5) on the ride (On the ride)
Niggas die (Niggas die) when we slide (When we slide)
Draw the line (Draw the line) pick a side (Pick a side)
Ain't no switchin' (Ain't no switchin') on my guys (On the gang)
1.5 (1.5) on the ride (On the ride)
Niggas die (Niggas die) when we slide (When we slide)
Draw the line (Draw the line) pick a side (Pick a side)
Ain't no switchin' (Ain't no switchin') on my guys (On the gang)

Offset!
Catch a vibe (Vibes)
The doors go up, suicides ('Cides)
The diamonds poke your eyes (Eyes)
Don't tread my gang, they shiest (Gang)
I don't take advice (Nah)
I don't care 'bout price (Woo)
Sticks, the boss don't fight (Brr)
Flippin' bricks in the loft at night (Bricks)
Told her "Get what you want, I swipe" (Hey)
Hop in the Lambo, brains open (Skrr)
My chain soakin' (Soakin')
Codeine in my vein, I'm strokin' (Codeine)
I put her head in motion (Bow)
This Patek right here a trophy (Patek)
Passed out on the Hermès sofa (Hey)
Straight face, this a game of poker (Game)
The green Lambo a ogre (Skrr)
We pass the bitch (Bitch)
Got to flippin' the bitch in the wrist (Flippin' the bitch)
Just ask your bitch (Ask her)
I fuck, no kiss (Smash)
Walked right in this bitch, don't touch me, don't get frisked(Nah)
Let's get lit (Lit)

1.5 (1.5) on the ride (On the ride)
Niggas die (Niggas die) when we slide (When we slide)
Draw the line (Draw the line) pick a side (Pick a side)
Ain't no switchin' (Ain't no switchin') on my guys (On the gang)
1.5 (1.5) on the ride (On the ride)
Niggas die (Niggas die) when we slide (When we slide)
Draw the line (Draw the line) pick a side (Pick a side)
Ain't no switchin' (Ain't no switchin') on my guys (On the gang)Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture
Higher we go, beg and plead for the cul—

I'ma put these racks in your face
In your face, show you that you lame
I'ma stash these Ms at my place
In my place, but no I'm not the bank
I'ma pull that coupe out to race
Who wanna race? We livin' that fast pace
I'ma pull these hoes, I don't chase
Hit these hoes, get 'em right out my face
I'ma pull the strap close case
Hit a nigga hard, send him dat way
I'ma put the gang on your plate (Gimme the plate, ayy)
You can't eat on my plate (No eatin')
Mount it up like the horse on Raris (Yeah, skrrt, ayy)
Beat that pot like Ortiz, yeah (Beat it)
Two feet runnin' from the feds (Yeah, 12)
All these niggas lookin' like they scared (Yeah, pussy)
Lock a fuck nigga like these dreads (Yeah, pop 'em)
Pick a nigga off for that bread (Yeah, hey)
We can go there if you want to (Where)
I'll come down if you want to (Down)
Load up the rounds if you want to (Rounds)
Hop out, see what you gon' do (Yeah)
We can go there if you want to (There)
I'll come down if you want to (Down)
Load up on the rounds if you want to (Rounds)
Hop out, gotta see what you gon' do (Hey)
We don't play with dem lil' boys out here, naw, naw, naw (Don't play)
Big boy bosses all in my seminar (Bosses)
Big boy Wraith had them bitches seein' stars stars (Wraith)
Stock me out, I don't need no rims on cars (Hey, hey)
It's okay (Okay)
Icing, Icing glaze (Icin' glaze)
I don't take breaks
Shit, I'm 'bout to go blaze? ('Bout to go blaze)
What's yo' page? (Woo)
Slide in the DM like snakes (Slide, slide)
The coupe got blaze (Coupe)
The coupe got wings with blaze (Skrrt, skrrt)

Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Go)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Plead)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Woo)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Culture)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Go, go, go)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Woo, woo)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Ha)

The higher you go (Go), went through the most (Most)
We get to fly, you float (Float)
No Malone, but I post (Malone)
Migos, you know we the goats (Goat)
Bag of bread, call it loaf (Loaf)
I shoot at that boy, then reload
Walk in the trap in the soul (Walk)
Come to my jeweler, get froze (Ice)
Snatch your soul
Come to the north, then we snatch your gold (Snatch)
I had to set up the plug the other day
What he was taxin' for? (For what?)
I do it for culture
Bigger than Oprah, Mayweather 50-0, culture

Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Yeah)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Go)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Plead)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (High, high, high)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (High, high, high)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Go, go, go)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Woo, woo, ha)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture

(Offset!)
150 a choker (Choker)
Flooded my wrist, it's soakin' (Flooded)
Split up the waters like Moses (Split)
I done put furs on the loafers (Fur)
Rolls Royce nightmare, I'm a ghost (Rolls Royce)
Let's have a codeine toast
Niggas ain't gettin' no stain on me
No drip, don't trip, my gang with me (Don't trip)
Come to the bando, stop playin' with me (Bando)
Got bricks on bricks, it's rainin' kis (Bricks)
Niggas can't hang with me
Lay 'em in the dirt, they restrain from me (Dust)
Bust down the plain Philippe (Bust)
She bought me a Wraith, unique (Wraith)
You thots want to fuck, they in heat (Thot)
A million, I bring home a week (M and M)
She a lil' beast (Beast)
Fuck around lookin' for the keys (Smash)
Got the trap disease (Trap)
Please keep the cap from me (Cap)
Count up the rack, proceed (Rack)
First, seed when I got in the league (Hey)

Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Yeah)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Hey, hey, hey)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Go)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Plead)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Woo)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Culture)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Go, go, go)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the culture (Woo, woo, woo, ha)
Higher we go, beg and plead for the cultureCall me when you leave
Ostentação, palavra que eu gosto de ouvir
Sand touch your toes when you cookin' breakfast
Pacific Ocean out the backyard lookin' sexy
Straight shot, codeine, no chase
Don't let your dreams go to waste

I'ma need fresh air
What I need? Fresh air (what I need, what I need)
I need to get out on my own
It's been too long
Girl, I need

Move on
Opportunities come once a lifetime
Without you
Never broke, play yaself, don't forget I had that
Come on
Feelin' like Janet Jackson said, it's all for you
Never try to put the navigation, when I'm lookin' for it

I'll be right back, I'm on auto-pilot for the week
I'll be right back
Bad, bad, but she lookin' badder every week

On some shit to make you mine
Tell me where the safety at
Tell me where the security at
Movin' up to bigger paper bag
Tell me, tell me, is it impossible
To do these drugs and fall in love?

I'ma need fresh air
I'ma need fresh air
I need to get out on my own
It's been too long
Girl, I need

Ohhh
Sand touch your toes while you cookin' breakfast
Pacific Ocean out your backyard, lookin' sexy
Straight shot, codeine, no chase (no chase)
Don't let y'all dreams go to waste

I'll be right back, I'm on auto-pilot for the week
I'll be right back
Bad, bad, but she lookin' badder every week

I'ma need fresh air
I'ma need fresh air
I need to get out on my own
It's been too long
Girl, I need
Girl, I need
I'ma need
Girl, I need
I'ma need

Tell me, why wait?
If I need to breathe
Tell me why suffocate
If I need to breathe
Breathe, breathe
If I need to breathe
Breathe, breathe
We, we, we, we

I'm mad, I'm mad, you know that I'm mad
Tipped up the scale, now pullin' off to Dubai
I'm mad, I'm mad, you know that I'm mad
Where is the love tonight? Where is the drugs tonight?
I need that shit right away
I just need fresh air right away
I just need fresh air right away
All I need is fresh air

I'ma need fresh air
I'ma need fresh air
I need to get out on my own
It's been too long
Girl, I need
Girl, I need
I'ma need
Girl, I need
I'ma need

I need that shit right away
I just need fresh air right away
I just need fresh air right away
I'ma need fresh air
I'ma need fresh air
I need to get out of my home
It's been too long
Girl, I needI need a Benzo, a Benzo
I need a 'rari, and a Lambo
I need a Benzo, a Benzo
I need a 'rari, an Enzo (Zoom)
I need a (Uh, zoom)
I need a 'rari, and a Lambo
I need a 'rari...
Fa fa fa fa fa fa fa fa fa fa

I need a Benzo, a Benzo (Benzo)
I need a 'rari, and a Lambo (Lambo)
I need a 'rari, and a Lambo (Lambo)
I need a 'rari, an Enzo (Zoom)
I need a Benzo, a Benzo (Benzo)
I need a 'rari, and a Lambo (Skrrt, skrrt, Lambo)
I need a 'rari, and a Lambo (Lambo)
I need a 'rari, an Enzo (Hey)

Lambo Aventador S Vert ('ghini)
SUV Rolls Royce with the curtains (Rolls)
Surprise, 30k the Birkin, it’s a purse (Birkin)
Niggas cannot keep up like they drivin' in reverse (Reverse)
Northside, you can get served (Nawf)
The north 3400, got 33 birds (Larry)
Yeah, yeah, my bitch got curves (Curves)
Percocet and the codeine got me slurred (Perc')
Suicidal doors got me flier than a bird (Flier)
20 million nigga on the verge (I'm up now)
Lamborghini squattin' on the curb (Squat)
Leave a nigga rotten, say the word (Rot)
Pockets stuffed like a stockin', know ya heard (Know ya heard that)
Watchin' for the plottin' then the lurks (Watch, watch that)
Gotta feed ya family the first (Feed your family, stamina)
Runnin' on the money like turf (Whoop)
Stay out my lane, fuck it, I'ma merge (Swerve)
Panamera 911 off-white verge (Off-white)
Lookin' for the drip, it's an unknown search (Where?)
Livin' in the field, you ever seen the movie Purge? (Boom, boom)
I done put up a whole M in the dirt (Stash)
I put the time, the grind, the work (Grind)
95 left wrist, white T-shirt (White)
Moonwalkin' on ya bitch, good footwork (Hey)

I need a Benzo, a Benzo (Benzo)
I need a 'rari, and a Lambo (Lambo)
I need a 'rari, and a Lambo (Lambo)
I need a 'rari, an Enzo (Zoom)
I need a Benzo, a Benzo (Benzo, DJ Snake)
I need a 'rari, and a Lambo (Lambo, you know what time it is)
I need a 'rari, and a Lambo (Lambo, slaughter gang)
I need a 'rari, an Enzo (21)

I just want to cop me a Diablo (Diablo)
I'm a dawg, I slide in your DMs, send a couple eyes
I ain't really sendin' no hearts though (On God)
Hit her from the back one time then call
That's a hit and run, bitch, call GEICO (21)
Six karats hangin' out my motherfuckin' earlobe
Shinin' like the glove on Michael (Jackson)
Got a couple hits, but he ain't right though (You cappin')
Richard Mille cost me a 'rari (And what?)
I don't play, boy, I'm not Carti (21!)
Left a wet dream on a Barbie (Excuse me)
Hit her best friend and she caught me (Heehee)
Hit her other friend, she was goin' though (Yeah)
Car in Zone 6, but it's foreign though (Yeah)
Treat my bitches like Jordans though
Only hit retro 10 when it's borin' though (She boring)
Savage got a Enzo, Benzo (Skrrt)
I don't got a whole lotta friends though (Fuck 'em)
But I got a whole lotta Ms though (Racks)
Bitch, you wasn't with me shootin' in the gym ho (No cap)
In the club, iced out, snatch my chain
Get stomped by a whole lotta Timbs' though (Stupid)
I'm dunkin' on' your bitch like Tim bro (Free throw)
I let the block hit her, she Mutombo

I need a Benzo, a Benzo (Benzo)
I need a 'rari, and a Lambo (Lambo)
I need a 'rari, and a Lambo (Lambo)
I need a 'rari, an Enzo (Zoom, ah)
I need a Benzo, a Benzo (Benzo, skrrt)
I need a 'rari, and a Lambo (Lambo, DJ Snake)
I need a 'rari, and a Lambo (Lambo, it's Gucci)
I need a 'rari, an Enzo

Car too fast, go skrrt skrrt (Skrrt)
Cut the alarm off like brrt, brrt (Brrt)
Drop Top Wop is a convert (Wop)
One deep, pull up to the concert (Damn)
Police chase, told Snake, let's make it (Make it)
Offset patient 'cause my heart beat racin' (Go)
So impatient 'cause I'm goin' big places
Miss the showroom floor, make the store get vacant (Damn)
And my bitch so bad, make your ho get naked (Mwah)
SV Enzo, hard top glacier (Yeah)
Pull up in the trey for the long-range facial (Yes)
Deep dish, big lip, rim Fantasia (Uh)
And I keep a Benzo tucked, yeah (Uh)
Copped two Maybach trucks, yeah (Wow)
I go any fuckin' where, icy like a polar bear
Put Guwop on all my wheels (Huh?)
Gimme all you got to give
I don't need no record deal (Nah)
I lost the top like Copperfield (Huh?)
I need a watch that cost a mil' (Yeah)
Oh, look, bitch, fuck off the real
Pull up in the Lamb', leave in a Lear
So icy my whole career (It's Gucci)

I need a Benzo, a Benzo (Benzo)
I need a 'rari, and a Lambo (Lambo)
I need a 'rari, and Lambo (Lambo)
I need a 'rari, an Enzo (Zoom)
I need a Benzo, a Benzo (Benzo)
I need a 'rari, and a Lambo (Lambo)
Sheck Wes need a 'rari and a Lambo
Sheck Wes need a 'rari, an Enzo
Huh, Enzo, Enzo, I need a Benzo, a Benzo
I need a 'rari and a Lambo
I need a 'rari, an Enzo
Huh, I need a Benzo, a Benzo, Murcielago
I need a, I need a, I need a, I need a, I need a, I need a, I need a
Benzo, a BenzoI'm just ballin' with my chick, ayy
Drive through Collins with my chick, ayy
Got her hands all on my drink, ayy
Let her take a couple sips, ayy
Play my roll because she lit, ayy
Cartier all on her wrist, ayy
Under pressure, she don't switch, ayy
All that pressure, now we gliss, ayy

Santa Claus, don't trust no elves
Fuck you mean? I barely trust myself
Come outside in my Jordan 12
If I see 12, I'm doin' 12
Ayy, goddamn, they couldn't stand you
Now you pullin' up, different cities, they demand you
Codeine in my cup, blink as fuck, actin' brand new
Numbers goin' up, countin' up what I ran through
12, come outside in my Jordan 12
If I see 12, I'm doin' 12
Goddamn, they couldn't stand you
Now you pullin' up, different cities, they demand you
12

I'ma kiss my bitch goodbye
Right back all on that block, I scale it with my eyes
Dodgin' warrants made a nigga feel alive
What would I do to buy Rick Owens? No surprise
Hey, I was stretchin' like a jeweler (Like a jeweler)
Can't measure up, my money dirty like my Ruger
Google me, ain't got no patience for the rumors
Don't play with fire, yeah that youngin' like a kuma

She got a trunk on her, but she gave me headlight
When I'm blue she get nude in the red light
When the head's good when I go to bed good (Nothin' wrong)
When the head's good usually when the bread's good (Nothin' wrong)
I'm comin' down slow like a parachute, shawty
I could put forever into context, shawty
Know you got a man but he embarrass you, shawty
Yeah, we should cut him like we on set, shawty

Santa Claus, don't trust no elves
Fuck you mean? I barely trust myself
Come outside in my Jordan 12
If I see 12, I'm doin' 12
Ayy, goddamn, they couldn't stand you
Now you pullin' up, different cities, they demand you
Codeine in my cup, blink as fuck, actin' brand new
Numbers goin' up, countin' up what I ran through
12, come outside in my Jordan 12
If I see 12, I'm doin' 12
Goddamn, they couldn't stand you
Now you pullin' up, different cities, they demand you
12Glee! Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy
I'm in London, got my beat from London

Every time I like a bih, I find out she a gnat
Somebody call the vet, my dog turned out to be a rat
I'm a slick pimp, got a sixth sense
Ho, you ain't a dime, you just six cents
I be on them beans, she be on codeine
All I want is money, all she want is me
She just wanna be loved, she just wanna be pleased
All I want is money, all she want is me
(All I want is money, all she want is me)
(All I want is money, all she want is me)

Say I'm so selfish, all I think about is fetty
I can't settle down, somethin' just won't let me
I want to settle down, well maybe I ain't ready
Bae, I'm livin' reckless, and I'm thuggin' heavy
In love with the skreets, and I'm in too deep
I be tryna leave, it keep control of me
It got my heart, got my mind, it got my physique
She wanna wake up with my wand and put that ass to sleep
I don't bleed Kool-Aid, baby, I bleed concrete
I ask God to give me wisdom, help me spot a leech
I be talkin' money, tell that ho; "kapeesh"
Tell that ho to sheesh, love is for the weak

Every time I like a bih, I find out she a gnat
Somebody call the vet, my dog turned out to be a rat
I'm a slick pimp, got a sixth sense
Ho, you ain't a dime, you just six cents
I be on them beans, she be on codeine
All I want is money, all she want is me
She just wanna be loved, she just wanna be please
All I want is money, all she want is me
(All I want is money, all she want is me)
(All I want is money, all she want is me)

I'm ziggied up, 26, 13, 6
I'm a seven figure nigga, remember when I had six
I'm a seven figure nigga, remember I ain't have shit
Even though I'm rich, can't forget that I was hittin' licks
All I want is that, all she want is this
I just wanna hit, but I just wanna hit
What be on your mind when it come to this?
Why you close your eyes every time we kiss?
I'ma keep it pimpin', I'ma keep on livin'
And keep on catchin' flights
And never catchin' feelin's
I'ma keep it simple, I'ma keep poppin' flo-rhythm
I like when I'm with ya
But I love gettin' scrilla

Every time I like a bih, I find out she a gnat
Somebody call the vet, my dog turned out to be a rat
I'm a slick pimp, got a sixth sense
Ho, you ain't a dime, you just six cents
I be on them beans, she be on codeine
All I want is money, all she want is me
She just wanna be loved, she just wanna be please
All I want is money, all she want is me
(All I want is money, all she want is me)
(All I want is money, all she want is me)By the way, who're you waitin' for anyway?
I'm waitin' for Dolemite
For who?
Dolemite, motherfucker, you heard her
Sowoot, FKi

Ayy, I just got rid of my boo (Got rid of my)
I might just swerve in a coupe (I might swerve in a, what?)
I fucked you girl in my coupe (I fucked you girl in my)
Popping these pills, they be blue (Pop, pop, pop)
My chain so tight like a noose (Tight, tight, tight, tight)
Watch, I be flexin' on you (Watch, I flex, pop a)
Riding around, we go vroom (Skrrt-skrrt-skrrt-skrrt)

Riding around with my crew (Skrrt)
Riding around with my crew (With my crew)
Riding around with my crew (Crew)
I'm riding around with my crew (My crew)
Riding around with my crew (Riding around)
I'm riding around with my crew (With my crew)
Riding around, we go vroom
Watch how we flexin' on you (Flexin' on you)

Ayy, bitch, I ain't checking on you (Ain't checkin' on you)
Ayy, lil' bitch, I pity the fool (Yeah)
Ayy, counting these bills, they be blue (Countin' these hundreds, these hundreds)
Ayy, get the money, snooze you loose

Ayy, I just got rid of my boo (Got rid of my)
I might just swerve in a coupe (I might swerve in a, what?)
I fucked you girl in my coupe (I fucked you girl in my)
Popping these pills, they be blue (Pop, pop, pop)
My chain so tight like a noose (Tight, tight, tight, tight)
Watch, I be flexin' on you (Watch, I flex, pop a)
Riding around, we go vroom (Skrrt-skrrt-skrrt-skrrt)

Ayy (Skrrt), get the money, snooze you loose (Countin' these hundreds, these hundreds)
Ayy, get the money, snooze you loose (Countin' these hundreds, these hundreds)
Ayy, get the money, snooze you loose (Countin' these hundreds, these hundreds)
Riding around with my crew
Riding around with my crew

Oh, I am so sick like the flu (Flu)
Oh, getting money like a Jew
Spend a hundred on my jewels (Spend a hundred on my)
Feel like Santana with my Jewels (Woo, woo)
Thick white girl right on my side (Yeah)
She kinda look like, um, YesJulz (Woo)
No, you can't come to my room (To my room)
With them clothes on that's my rule (That's my rule)
I leave you wetter than a pool (Yeah)
I fuck you right there in your shoes
I fuck you right there girl don't move (Do not move)
I leave you right there girl don't move
I flew around and I groove (Yeah)
I stick it right there 'cause I'm cool ('Cause I'm cool)

Yeah, I just need to find
I, I just need to find love
I, I just need to find love (I just need to find love)
I, I just need to find love

Ayy, I just got rid of my boo (Got rid of my)
I might just swerve in a coupe (I might swerve in a, what?)
I fucked you girl in my coupe (I fucked you girl in my)
Popping these pills, they be blue (Pop, pop, pop)
My chain so tight like a noose (Tight, tight, tight, tight)
Watch, I be flexin' on you (Watch, I flex, pop a)
Riding around, we go vroom (Skrrt-skrrt-skrrt-skrrt)

Ayy, get the money, snooze you loose (Countin' these hundreds, these hundreds)
Ayy, get the money, snooze you loose (Countin' these hundreds, these hundreds)
Ayy, get the money, snooze you loose (Countin' these hundreds, these hundreds)
Riding around with my crew
Riding around with my crew

(Riding around with my crew)
(Riding around with my crew)
(Riding around with my crew)
(Ri-Riding around with my crew)


I might (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Love shit that I do...
Love shit that I...

It is not normal
It is not normal
It is not normal
My life is not normal
It is not normal
It is not normal
It is not normal
My life is not normal

I might get high off of codeine
Regular bitches is boring (Boring)
I might hit up Tuddie
I whip her like she my foreign
My life stopped being so regular
Now a nigga is important ('Portant)
Getting money no et cetera
Baby just come and just join me (Join)
I might pull up in a 'Rari
I swear that shit is not normal (Normal)
My bitch yeah she super bad now
I swear that shit is not normal (Not normal)
That is because I can a—
I can afford to (Afford to)
Look at my money, my nigga
I swear to God, I tried to warn you (Warn you)

It is not normal
It is not normal
It is not normal
It is not normal
It is not normal
It is not normal
It is not normal
My life is not normal

1987
1987, 1987
1987, 1987
1987, 1988Drip
I'm goin' in, I'm comin' in, comin' in, comin' in, let's go
Pour up, yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Pour up, pour up

Good on that yellow, yellow (Pour up)
I'm good with that yellow, yellow (Drank)
I'm good with that red and yellow, nigga (Drank)
I'm good with that red and yellow, nigga
Purple be comin' in (Pour up)
We got that purp comin' in (That Actavis)
That purple be comin' in (808 Mafia, Actavis)
Purple, purple, purp, purp (Pour up, pour up, pour up)

I'm good with that yellow, yellow, nigga (Drank)
I'm good with that yellow, red, nigga (Drank)
I'm good with that yellow, red, nigga (Drank)
I'm good with that yellow, red, nigga (Pour up)
That purple be comin' in (Pour up)
That purple be comin' in (Pour up, pour up)
That purple be comin' in (Actavis)
That purple be comin' in

That purple be comin' in, yeah (Yeah)
I'm poured up on dirty Sprite again (Yeah)
I pop on these Percs and Vicodins
Then check on that check like a Yeezy (Yeezy)
Came from straight out them trenches, they greasy (They need me)
Fuck a bitch, I'm the shit, I don't need her (I don't need her)
Fell in love with that drank and I need it
I sip out my cup and I need it (Drip)
I grew up in the rut and I seized it (Freebandz)
Sip the four of that Tuss' out in Cleveland (Let's pour up, Actavis)
They can't blame me for takin' these doses (Hold up)
Poured it raw out the pint in the Fanta (I poured it)
Tryna dodge all these scandalous heathens (Heathens)
They never gon' doubt me, now they believe me (Believe me)
They tried to forget about me, now I'm kingin'
The greatest story ever told
These pretty hoes gettin' exposed
Got my styrofoam in my hand (808)
I'm fuckin' these bands up

I'm good on that yellow, yellow (Pour up)
I'm good with that yellow, yellow (Drank)
I'm good with that red and yellow, nigga (Drank)
I'm good with that red and yellow, nigga
Purple be comin' in (Pour up)
We got that purp comin' in (That Actavis)
That purple be comin' in (Actavis)
Purple, purple, purp, purp (Pour up, pour up, pour up)

I'm good with that yellow, yellow, nigga (Drank)
I'm good with that yellow, red, nigga (Drank)
I'm good with that yellow, red, nigga (Drank)
I'm good with that yellow, red, nigga (Pour up)
That purple be comin' in (Pour up)
That purple be comin' in (Pour up, pour up)
That purple be comin' in (Actavis)
That purple be comin' in

Walk into Barney's, I'm drinkin' on yellow
Valet the four-door, a hundred at the door, though
I speak the lingo, they know 'bout the lingo
Fuck you, lil' nigga, I'ma fill up arenas (Arenas)
Washin' that money at the cleaners (Freebandz)
It's dirty, you drink out my cup and it's dirty (Freebandz)
I come from the dirty (The dirty)
You drink out this cup and it's dirty (It's dirty)
I got codeine in my bladder (Codeine)
I get it in like a real one (One hundred)
You whippin' a Benz and they feel you (One hundred)
It's too much finnessin', you feel me? (I swear)
I went at that money, no supervision
They love me, today they gon' really feel me (They love me)
I see how they act when they playin' dirty (Playin')
Forgivin' me, never forgettin' me
I know that paper gon' be there, I stack it (Yeah)
A monster, a beast, I'm corrupted, a savage (A savage)
That 2016, gotta have it (Have it)
That bitch want Celiné, she can get it
Pay three for that purp, if you want it, you get it
Two dollars a drink on that purp, you can get it
Fuck on me, suck on me, baby, let's pour up (808)
Fuck on me, suck on me, baby, let's pour up

I'm good on that yellow, yellow (Pour up)
I'm good with that yellow, yellow (Drank)
I'm good with that red and yellow, nigga (Drank)
I'm good with that red and yellow, nigga
Purple be comin' in (Pour up)
We got that purp comin' in (That Actavis)
That purple be comin' in (Actavis)
Purple, purple, purp, purp (Pour up, pour up, pour up)

I'm good with that yellow, yellow, nigga (Drank)
I'm good with that yellow, red, nigga (Drank)
I'm good with that yellow, red, nigga (Drank)
I'm good with that yellow, red, nigga (Pour up)
That purple be comin' in (Pour up)
That purple be comin' in (Pour up, pour up)
That purple be comin' in (Actavis)
That purple be comin' inI can't express myself, don't know how to start
That's why I'm double cupped up, I go to Mars
Shawty was with me in the bando from the start
Now we in the Phantom, lookin' at the stars
When all this money came, these hoes played on me
I remained the same nigga, so please don't change on me
A lot of these hoes round a nigga, they be too fake
'Cause a young nigga been hoppin' out that new Wraith

All these problems got me drownin' in my codeine
Double up, the birds got me trappin' out them four wings
24/7, I just want you to be honest with me
You protected cause I keep the 9 under me
All them late night conversations in the loft
Didn't had to tell you, you knew we was gonna ball
But I've been havin' to explain to these hoes, gotta get off me
VVS diamonds in your ring, no Charles Barkley (Ayy)
I just got a number one rule, shawty don't lie to me
If you want a bad bitch in the threesome, we can find her
I'ma keep you flooded and on fleek in that designer
You know we be chasin' that bag, I'm right behind her

I can't express myself, don't know how to start
That's why I'm double cupped up, I go to Mars
Shawty was with me in the bando from the start
Now we in the Phantom, lookin' at the stars
When all this money came, these hoes played on me
I remained the same nigga, so please don't change on me
A lot of these hoes round a nigga, they be too fake
'Cause a young nigga been hoppin' out that new Wraith

Now that I got it, I ain't knowin' who to share it with
Give you that 'Rari thing, horses on the carriages
Get you red bottom boxes you don't know what pair this is
Back shots, gotta hit it, high notes, Mariah Carey and shit
I bought a white tee just to match it on your toenails, yeah
I done paid full price on Chanel, this ain't no wholesale, yeah
Me and shawty, street relationship goals yeah
Whatever she needs, a nigga gotta be there for her
She be dippin' that Range nigga, fuck a Explorer
Gave her 10 racks just to blow in Sephora
She want Dolce and Gabbana, she ain't fuckin' with Zara
Thought we would be one night until a nigga got to know her

I can't express myself, don't know how to start (Don't know how to start)
That's why I'm double cupped up, I go to Mars (I go to Mars)
Shawty was with me in the bando from the start
Now we in the Phantom, lookin' at the stars
When all this money came, these hoes played on me (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I remained the same nigga, so please don't change on me (Change on me)
A lot of these hoes round a nigga, they be too fake
'Cause a young nigga been hoppin' out that new Wraith

Yeah, yeah, yeah
I can't express myself
I can't express myself
Yeah, yeah
Yeah
Keep thatYung Lan on the track
Den Beats
Hunnid bands for a kilo, nigga

I spent my whole life chasin' the bag and runnin' from coppers
And a nigga been drownin' myself in these codeine problems (Yeah)
Spent a couple thousand on my feet, then ran it back up in a week (Yeah, yeah)
I got these Jordans on my feet, 'til it get bloody underneath (Yeah, yeah)
Wanna fill this safe up 'til its bussin' out my jeans, dawg
Cash rules everything around me, dawg (Ayy)
I remember I wasn't havin' no money, now I'm the richest in the yojects
I had to take the safe up out the wall and put the faces in my pocket

I ain't even have no gas, I had to pursue the duffel, yeah
While I'm in the trenches, I did everything for the profits
I wanna pull up to the hood day fly as fuck, red guts in the Masi'
All my brothers gotta eat, and if I got a full plate, he know that he got it
I ain't even got a plug, nigga had to run it up, turn into the socket
Had to go and run the play
Niggas know that I'm the wave, like I'm a tsunami
If the nigga want it all, I gotta be my own boss like I'm John Gotti
A nigga can't play me out of my position
I just might fuck around and catch a body
See me a bag, and I done went at it
Had to go serve a lot of drug addicts
Gotta turn a Rollie into a Patek
Flex the money like a nigga ain't have it
I just pray to God that all my traps don't ever get no static, yeah
'Cause if a nigga try to take what's mine, I gotta cause havoc, yeah

I spent my whole life chasin' the bag and runnin' from coppers
And a nigga been drownin' myself in these codeine problems (Yeah)
Spent a couple thousand on my feet, then ran it back up in a week (Yeah, yeah)
I got these Jordans on my feet, 'til it get bloody underneath (Yeah, yeah)
Wanna fill this safe up 'til its bussin' out my jeans, dawg
Cash rules everything around me, dawg (Ayy)
I remember I wasn't havin' no money, now I'm the richest in the yojects
I had to take the safe up out the wall and put the faces in my pocket

I been tellin' my bitches, they just gotta play they position
Blue faces in the Rollie, you know I been Crippin'
'Member days when I was down for a minute
Now a nigga blow a thousand at Lenox
Doin' everything that they said that I didn't
At the Lear and it's only beginnin'
My name in the seats, they know it ain't rented
Wear my red bottoms like they're Air Forces now
I'm the youngest, richest, flyest, nigga outta Comp-town
Made my own lane, now all these niggas wanna copycat off of my sound
I just made $250,000, I don't know how
I had to get me some racks
I had to get me some packs, yeah yeah
I just be livin' what I'm talkin'
I ain't gotta do no rappin' cappin' now
I know she with me for the dollars
That's why all these hoes be around
She remember when a nigga was broke
Now she wanna fuck me now

I spent my whole life chasin' the bag and runnin' from coppers
And a nigga been drownin' myself in these codeine problems (Yeah)
Spent a couple thousand on my feet, then ran it back up in a week (Yeah, yeah)
I got these Jordans on my feet, 'til it get bloody underneath (Yeah, yeah)
Wanna fill this safe up 'til its bussin' out my jeans, dawg
Cash rules everything around me, dawg (Ayy)
I remember I wasn't havin' no money, now I'm the richest in the yojects
I had to take the safe up out the wall and put the faces in my pocketOG Parker!

Where?
Intruder, intruder (ayy!)
Intruder, intruder (ayy!)
Intruder, intruder
Look at the top of my roof, I'ma shoot 'cause I see an
Intruder, intruder (who?)
Intruder, intruder (where?)
Intruder, intruder
If I didn't know you since day one, to me nigga you's an
Intruder, intruder (whoa)
Intruder, intruder (yeah)
Intruder, intruder
Better not open the door if you didn't know that's an
Intruder, intruder
Intruder, (bow!) intruder
Intruder, (bow!) intruder
You never know who's an intruder

Don't do it, intruder
I bust ya (bow!) medulla
I'm burned out, I'm throwed off
I'm cutthroat, you knew it (you knew that)
Had a sweet lick for a meal-tick (M&M)
Phew, you blew it (you blew that)
Ya'll niggas don't know nothin' 'bout the game
I can't help it y'all niggas new to it (new to that)
Intruders try run in my house (graaah!)
Hope you got insurance (hope!)
Notice I drink heavy codeine
But when I pick up the chopper, get endurance
Night time vision on the scope
Pickin' off-a the intruder, I'm watchin' the door
Put a strap into the intruder face
He don't know where to go
Started with a handful
Like Boston George on Blow (Boston!)
Intruder don't say I didn't try and tell 'em
'Fore I send them shots up at your cerebellum
It's a warnin' sign in my backyard said "Do not enter"
I got the right to kill em (pop, pop!)
Potato peeler how a nigga peel ya (woo!)
Cannabilism, my dawg eat him (ruff!)
No Halloween but I might trick-or-treat him
Or July fourth him and take his freedom (Takeoff!)

Intruder, intruder (ayy!)
Intruder, intruder (ayy!)
Intruder, intruder
Look at the top of my roof, I'm 'gone shoot 'cause I seen an
Intruder, intruder (who?)
Intruder, intruder (where?)
Intruder, intruder
If I didn't know you since day one, to me nigga you's an
Intruder, intruder (who?)
Intruder, intruder (yeah)
Intruder, intruder
Better not open the door if you didn't know that's an
Intruder, (bow!) intruder
Intruder, (bow!) intruder
Intruder, intruder
You never know who's an intruderWheezy outta here
Yeah

I'ma hop out with that MAC-10 (I'ma hop out with that MAC-10)
Pussy get shot for that cappin' (Yeah)
Pussy get popped 'bout that actin' (Pussy get popped 'bout that)
Please say hello to my gat, bitch (Please say hello to my)
I'ma slime his ass, bro, on my slatt shit (Slatt shit)
Bitch not my blood on my blatt shit (Blatt shit)
I'm from 800 block where we whack shit (Whack shit)
If I want it, I take that, we snatch shit (Snatch shit)

I'm at the top of the penthouse (Penthouse)
Your nigga pocket on lint ball (Lint ball)
Elliot Diamonds like Kristoff (Elliot)
You cannot trap with no pistol (No pistol)
These niggas lame and they not in my league (My league)
Rich nigga smell like Gelato and cream (Cream)
Freaky lil' bitch and she swallow my seed (Seed)
I keep a gat and a bitch on her knees (Slatt)
We stick together like Cuban links (Cuban links)
Trippin' with Trippie, I came in a mink (Trippin')
We out in public, they flashing the cameras (Flash)
Look at my diamonds, they wet like a sink (Woosh)
All of my bitches be bad to the bone (To the bone)
And they know I'm a king at the top of the throne (Throne)
Flew out to Spain, they was singing my song
I got that stick and I'm never alone

I'ma hop out with that MAC-10 (I'ma hop out with that MAC-10)
Pussy get shot for that cappin' (Yeah)
Pussy get popped 'bout that actin' (Pussy get popped 'bout that)
Please say hello to my gat, bitch (Please say hello to my)
I'ma slime his ass, bro, on my slatt shit (Slatt shit)
Bitch not my blood on my blatt shit (Blatt shit)
I'm from 800 block where we whack shit (Whack shit)
If I want it, I take that, we snatch shit (Snatch shit)

Niggas know that I'm slime, I get slimy as ever
I got what I got and I got it together
We got some problems, we poppin' wherever
The big homie can't even squash it, I'm telling 'ya
If I get your shit, I ain't gon' post it, I'm selling it
Go to my show, put on drip like I'm dealing it
Shout out my young niggas, swear they be killing shit
Sippin' codeine, that shit give me energy
I'm from 400 block where we still trappin'
Niggas know that we gangbang and still active
We walk down with them sticks like we drill masters
Got them MACs in the Range, we gon' kill Casper
And I hop out with that shit on me (Shit on me)
They treat the kid like I'm big homie
Shoutout to Blood, he know that I'm cuz
But he know that I keep that trip on me
Baby (Wheezy outta here)

I'ma hop out with that MAC-10 (I'ma hop out with that MAC-10)
Pussy get shot for that cappin' (Yeah)
Pussy get popped 'bout that actin' (Pussy get popped 'bout that)
Please say hello to my gat, bitch (Please say hello to my)
I'ma slime his ass, bro, on my slatt shit (Slatt shit)
Bitch not my blood on my blatt shit (Blatt shit)
I'm from 800 block where we whack shit (Whack shit)
If I want it, I take that, we snatch shit (Snatch shit)Pale faces that surround me, eyes looking like round three
Cup looking like nosebleed, only sippin' hydro-codeine
Da$h riding, Ruby sitting shotty
They said, "you see 'em?"—I said, "I got 'em"
Bottom lurkers, snakes out the lake
Ball and chain, ain't no escape
Fuck the fame, I just want the change
Fuck a name, I just want a grave
Spit in your face, Grey be the apes
You sippin' grape? I don't want a taste
Cooking dance when I cook the base
Hit the lace, now I'm feelin' spaced
You see the tape where the bodies lay?
Say you real, but I see the fake
Fuck out of my face, yeah, so?
Am I in love with drugs? Yeah, hoe
All my plugs got a mug on the record
Warzone in the slums like a desert

Uh, $uicideboy$ still alive, "why haven't they died?"
17 More Minutes 'till I'm bled dry, gotta get my head right
Tighten up the noose, now my neck tied
No more breath hidin' in my lungs, I'm feeling calmer
I'm the shepherd with a flock of sheep, claimin' they want the slaughter
Fathers sacrificin' they daughters so their sons don't have to be offered up
I often off 'em anyway, 'cause I'm the soul marauder
I toss 'em off and sail away to the devil to barter
Take 'em underwater, take 'em to the altar of Hell
And let them wander while the devil separates the martyrs
Whoever's left will be turned into walkers and crawlers
Wait until the sky is darker, and now they're ready for departure
Ruby da fire-starter, Ruby da one who lets 'em all burn
Screaming, "Ruby, fuck my bitch!"—I tell 'em all to wait their turn
Snap my fingers, now they're feelin' how the flames burn
Then I extinguish 'em, and assume that it's a lesson learned

Yeah so, yeah so
It's a dead man walking, ain't too big on talking
Chalk laying in the places I be stalking
Coughing off the nicotine, living dreams, and coughing
You ever vision me, bitch get the hearse
Doing dirt, check my fingernails
Living swell, throwing hunnids in a wishing well
Vicious sales from all the shit that's being shipped in mail
This some shit I didn't think that I would live and tell
Hell couldn't hold me, the one and only
D-O-double-L-A, ain't into fair play
Do crimes, stack cheddar
Whole grain, nothing better
Shoot first, ask never
No bet, I'm suicidal, homicidal
Grab the rifle
Prolly die of overdose, I'm fucking bitches on the Eiffel
The only time that I'm ever arrogant is outta spite
And we getting high in the area that's black and white
'Cause if you ain't knowI poured up a dirty Sprite again
I pop all these Percs and Vicodins
I poured up a dirty Sprite again
I pop all these Percs and Vicodins
I poured up a dirty Sprite again
I pop all these Percs and Vicodins
I poured up a dirty Sprite again
I pop all these Percs and Vicodins

'96 Impala with a bottle full of Roxy
Know I got Suboxone when I run out from the popping
Drug addicted, I admit it
Said before, ain't trying to quit it
Codeine, codeine, got it dripping on my shirt from sloppy sipping
Popping some Percs and some Vicodins
Leaning back, hoping that life would end
Again and again, that's everyday, everyday
Fuck a rehab, I just wither my life away
Grey forever-ever, drug possessors
My life expectancy up on the dresser

Pathetic, I need anaesthetics, I ain't energetic
All these drugs, never regret it, I guess it's genetic
It ain't my aesthetic, that's fucking generic
$uicide the epidemic, make the kids quit academics
Take drugs 'till you epileptic
Call the paramedics, depression magnetic
I'm anti-kinetic, fucking apathetic, again I'm pathetic
Just move on without me then fucking forget it
Thought I moved on, but I keep forgetting, yeah, yeah, yeah

I poured up a dirty Sprite again
I pop all these Percs and Vicodins
I poured up a dirty Sprite again
I pop all these Percs and VicodinsRollie, Rari, wrist
Rari, Rollie, switch

Sauce 'em up like Kyrie, yeah
Rollie, Rari, wrist
Rari, Rollie, switch
Guacamole Lambo with the artichoke dip
Rollie, Rari, wrist
Rari, Rollie, switch
Guacamole Lambo, yeah
Sauce 'em up like Kyrie, yeah

These days I been dead, got no feelings
Left behind my ex, movin' forward, drop the ceiling
Foreign going skrt, diamond choker, got no freedom
I don't want no love, do 'em dirty, I mislead em

Tracking shipment on my purchase, copped a Rollie
Did that cause I made a 100 on my lonely
If I ain't sitting in a foreign, I get cold feet
Shit on niggas that would ever little bro me
Who knew that gettin' money, sitting in the fast lane
Could make a ho go switch it up to get that last name
20 racks in money counter, look like fast frame
Rich forever, Glam Boy be thinking past fame
Buy a bitch Chanel, brand new pair of heels
Just so she could shit all on my ex, she kiss and tell
Poppin' all these pills, I been on a thrill
Double cup gon' hold me up, I pray that I don't spill
I drown away in all my ice, my neck a glacier
I don't stress, I take a trip, don't got no neighbors
All my enemies come back and ask for favors
And all my ex's come around when they see paper

Sauce 'em up like Kyrie, yeah
Rollie, Rari, wrist
Rari, Rollie, switch
Guacamole Lambo with the artichoke dip
Rollie, Rari, wrist
Rari, Rollie, switch
Guacamole Lambo, yeah
Sauce 'em up like Kyrie, yeah

These days I been dead, got no feelings
Left behind my ex, movin' forward, drop the ceiling
Foreign going skrt, diamond choker, got no freedom
I don't want no love, do 'em dirty, I mislead em

Yeah, you talk about your block like it’s popping there
Yeah, you talk about that block, but you're not from there
Yeah, you talk about your block like it’s popping there
Yeah, you talk about that block, but you're not from there
I’m on your block like papa bear
You got Harleys, but no choppers there
I’m a block boy, you’re an opp boy
I’m a hot boy, I’m a hot boy
I got the codeine cases (yeah)
You thought that this star faded (yeah)
Diamond ring is a spaceship (yeah)
The Maybach back spacious (yeah)
She keep poppin' for your highness (yeah)
It’s not me reacting, it's my sinus
Roll up on you like dices
Ass back off the bike is
Why the future looks brightest
Start sprinkling spices
Test me, I might bite it
I been on my Mike Tyson
Jetski on ice
With the Gretzky slice

Sauce 'em up like Kyrie, yeah
Rollie, Rari, wrist
Rari, Rollie, switch
Guacamole Lambo with the artichoke dip
Rollie, Rari, wrist
Rari, Rollie, switch
Guacamole Lambo, yeah
Sauce 'em up like Kyrie, yeah

These days I been dead, got no feelings
Left behind my ex, movin' forward, drop the ceiling
Foreign going skrt, diamond choker, got no freedom
I don't want no love, do 'em dirty, I mislead emOut of sight, out of mind, out of time to decide
Do we run? Should I hide for the rest of my life?
Out of sight, out of mind, out of time to decide
Do we run? Should I hide for the rest of my life?

Dear Anne, my number one fan
I write with the light from the lamp on my night stand
With my pen in my right hand and that's also my mic hand
Codeine in a Sprite can, ink on the white pad
And I'm thinking of life, Anne, and wrong and right, Anne
And sometimes I'm right and sometimes I might
Cannot find the light still my rhymes are bright
So I continue my plan and I'm sure like white sand
That they'll be price paying before my flight land
But still, I want to see more than my sight can
Adore so I can't ignore what I want anymore
So I just go you can call me the goer
And oh, yeah, I got a girl, she act like I owe her
And uhm, sometimes it seems like I just don't know her
And yeah, the relationship is starting to feel like a chore
But I really hope I'm not starting to bore, page one

Out of sight, out of mind, out of time to decide
Do we run? Should I hide for the rest of my life?
Out of sight, out of mind, out of time to decide
Do we run? Should I hide for the rest of my life?

Dear Anne, my number one fan
I write you this letter, I hope everything's grand
I hope everyone's good, I hope everybody's praying
I hope, hold up baby, let me switch hands
See, lately I've been dealing with a lot of shit, Anne
It's burning me and I can't get out of this pan
And everytime I look there's a problem with this man
But I ain't tryna expose, I'm just tryna expand
But your support held me up like kickstands
And I'm also being more careful in how I pick friends
Anne, I'm trying to stay up out them chicks' pants... but I just can't
But on another note, this ain't just another note
This is more than a rap, this is more of an oath
And I know you're wondering what this letter is for
And I'm just hoping that you read this far, page two

Out of sight, out of mind, out of time to decide
Do we run? Should I hide for the rest of my life?
Out of sight, out of mind, out of time to decide
Do we run? Should I hide for the rest of my life?

Dear Anne, my number one fan
By now, you probably think that I'm portraying who I'm saying
And sometimes I wish I wasn't him but I am
And it's people like you that make me proud of what I am
Hey, you are the shit, damn, pardon the gram'
But it's like you make me feel like I'm a part of the fam
And shit, when my life is like some sort of exam
It's a jungle out there, lions, horses and rams
Shit, as I sit and wait for the war to begin
I just think of you then I'm rewarded again, Anne
With you is where my artistry can, Anne
So with you is where a part of me stands, Anne
I hope I see you in the stands, Anne
Because you know I understand, Anne
And I'm sorry about Stan
So I wrote this to say that I'm your number one fan

Out of sight, out of mind, out of time to decide
Do we run? Should I hide for the rest of my life?
Out of sight, out of mind, out of time to decide
Do we run? Should I hide for the rest of my life?Doubt, doubt, doubt
It kills everything that you love
Now, now, now
I’m losing myself on the run

And I flew to California
Thought I could leave
Every piece of you right here
Yeah I flew to California
Still wide awake
Oh the sun burned it on clear

How I still love you
I still love you
But sometimes you have to go
Trade your heart for bones
To know you need to come back home
Come back home

Paint-chipped skies
Nothing is ever as it seems
Behind these codeine eyes
Blind to the world in between

And I flew to California
Thought I could leave
Every piece of you right here
Yeah I flew to California
Still wide awake
Oh the sun burned it on clear

How I still love you
I still love you
But sometimes you have to go
Trade your heart for bones
To know you need to come back home
Come back home

Getaway
I always thought I needed a getaway
Getaway
I always thought I needed a getaway
Getaway
I always thought I needed a getaway
Getaway
I always thought I needed a getaway

But I still love you
I still love you
But sometimes you have to go
Trade your heart for bones
To know you need to come back home
Come back home

Getaway
I always thought I needed a getaway
Getaway
I always thought I needed a getaway
Getaway
I always thought I needed a getaway
Getaway
I always thought I needed a getawayIt ain't no talk on this
You a bad lil' bitch, don't worry, ah
Yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah
(Tay Keith, fuck these niggas up)
Yeah

Cartier diamonds, my mascot
Tell your main nigga he your ex now
Finna push up, bring your ass out
Where you come from? Where you from now?
I keep a bad thing on me, yeah, yeah
Dreads on me like Beijing, yeah, yeah
After this, right back to him, like an accident
Yeah, yeah, yeah

Came in a car, you gon' leave in a jet, I can promise you that (Yeah, yeah)
Came by myself, I'ma leave with your friends, I can promise you that (Yeah, yeah)
Came in a car, and you gon' leave in a jet, I can promise you that (Yeah, yeah)
Never met no nigga richer than me, I can promise you that (Hell yeah)

I know you don't want no scrub, no-no-no, no-no-no
Baby, this thuggin' love, no-no, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Came up in the club, aw, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Tryna make some love, yah-yah, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Ass like your mommy, know you won't try me
Hop on the trolley just to see me
Came with nobody, leave with nobody
Reason you came, just to see me
Backstage pass with your ass out
You got no shame how you came out
Baby, I promise, I'll respect game
Only thing that I can say is...

Cartier diamonds, my mascot
Tell your main nigga he your ex now
Finna push up, bring your ass out
Where you come from? Where you from now?
I keep a bad thing on me, yeah, yeah
Dreads on me like Beijing, yeah, yeah
After this, right back to him, like an accident
Yeah, yeah, yeah

Came in a car, you gon' leave in a jet, I can promise you that (Yeah, yeah)
Came by myself, I'ma leave with your friends, I can promise you that (Yeah, yeah)
Came in a car, and you gon' leave in a jet, I can promise you that (Yeah, yeah)
Never met no nigga richer than me, I can promise you that (Hell yeah)

Came in a dress, you gon' leave in a mink, I can promise you that
(Promise you that, promise you that, promise you that)
Came in a dress, you gon' leave in a mink, I can promise you that
(Tay Keith, fuck these niggas up)

Permanent issues got me thinkin' outside the box
They was sayin' I was cocky, I don't feel like I'm cocky enough
Yeah, he fuck you and I fuck you, I don't wanna get caught carin' too much
I can't expect you to change when you did it for fame, yeah
I'm thinkin' tropical, beaches and leeches, I'm thinkin' private, oh
From the car to the jet, from the jet to the beach, got a million-some dollars on me
Got a milli' on me with a Richard Mille on me, I'm the bigger homie
I don't get no sleep, I made love on these corners

Cartier diamonds, my mascot
Tell your main nigga he your ex now
Finna push up, bring your ass out
Where you come from? Where you from now?
I keep a bad thing on me, yeah, yeah
Dreads on me like Beijing, yeah, yeah
After this, right back to him, like an accident
Yeah, yeah, yeah

Came in a car, you gon' leave in a jet, I can promise you that (Yeah, yeah)
Came by myself, I'ma leave with your friends, I can promise you that (Yeah, yeah)
Came in a car, and you gon' leave in a jet, I can promise you that (Yeah, yeah)
Never met no nigga richer than me, I can promise you that (Hell yeah)

Never met no nigga flyer than me, I can promise you that (Promise you that)
Promise you that, promise you that, promise you that
Never met no nigga talkin' to you when he fuck you like that

I always wonder if she loyal (I always wonder)
I hope we on the same accord (Woo)
Let me flex all my rings
Let's converse off codeine (Yeah)Hmm, uh-huh
(Hit-Boy)
Bitch
Man, this life shit gettin' crazy, crazy
I done, I done made it
I done made it, made it, yeah
I'm sick and tired of these hatin' ass niggas, though
Let my dick breathe for a couple seconds, man, shit
Fuck nigga
Uh, yeah

I'm on a Percocet, yeah, I just had to relapse
Even at my worst, I'm feeling like I am the best
I done Metta World Peace to myself like I'm Ron Artest
I never been a referee but I still got a Tec, Kel-Tec
Shoot you in your stomach, make this shit hard to digest
Rockstar, listening Jimi Hendrix in the projects, yeah
I'ma turn a nigga block to an art project
Picasso, I paint that, where the fuck is the bank at?
Army sergeant, no rank, yeah, okay

If you ain't payin' a hundred thousand, get them features out my face
50K to install a codeine fountain in my new estate
I got that pump, it's ironic how that pump made him pump his brakes
I ain't Lil Pump but I got double Glocks on me like Gucci Gang
We ball like Wilt Chamberlain, like the name of them old Gucci tapes
Yeah, I'm talkin' 'bout Gucci Mane
That lil' bitch like, "Burr," why she so insecure?
Who got the pills in here? How do you live in here?
I got my crib in here, havin' some kids, yeah
I do it big, yeah, big big, yeah
I do it big, yeah, big big, yeah (Let's go)
She saw me in the club, how did you get in here?
Fuck is you doin' here? Why is you shootin' here?
Doin' it big, yeah, big big, yeah
Doin' it big, yeah, big big, yeah
Yeah, away, away, away, away, away
You want bullshit, I hit you with that olé
Told my shooter I gotta prove myself no lame
Even when I stand up and hit it from the back I'ma still get laid
Your bitch a dragon, she run up on me, she get slayed
I took a piss in your dead homie grave, uh (Let's get it)
Chicago shit, Chicago nigga
Fuckin' with a Philadelphia bitch
Yeah, I'm super rich, I could pay your rent, Rollie doesn't tick
Chopper with the tints, pull up with the tints, clip is extended
Never gave a fuck, never gave a shit, only gettin' rich
Limb by limb, forgive and forget, man, I don't forget shit
You don't know when to stand
You got it bad, man, come in, oh
Oh, baby, come in
Man, I don't forget shit
Uh, yeah

I'm on a Percocet, yeah, I just had to relapse
Even at my worst, I'm feeling like I am the best
I done Meta World Peace to myself like I'm Ron Artest
I never been a referee but I still got a Tec, Kel-Tec
Shoot you in your stomach, make this shit hard to digest
Rockstar, listening Jimi Hendrix in the projects, yeah
I'ma turn a nigga block to an art project
Picasso, I paint that, where the fuck is the bank at?
Army sergeant, no rank, yeahYou know what this is
It's a celebration bitches
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that I grab your ass

Bitch I hustle every day, you could check my resumé
Bad Spanish bitch, one kiss'll take your breath away
I could bag your girl in a broken down Chevrolet
Swag do the talkin', I ain't even gotta decorate
I was 21 when I bought my mom a condo
A guitar and a gift card down at Costco's
It's a cold winter when it's blowing past my goggles
Penthouse, top floor, window with the gargoyle
Performance down at Santos, Phantom suicide doors
Paparazzi slide-shows, showers with the slide doors
One night, five shows, two-seater, five hoes
Eyes closed, I can see them hating through the blindfolds
Niggas better switch it if the business ain't the convo
I'm all about my chicken nigga you could call me Roscoe's
If I wasn't spitting I'd be probably flipping waffles
I suppose God knows I coulda been a snot-nose
DAMN

Get money every day (Every night we celebrate)
Get money every day (Every night we celebrate)
Bitch I hustle every day (Every night we celebrate)
Every night we celebrate, Every night we celebrate
Get money every day (Every night we celebrate)
Get money every day (Every night we celebrate)
Bitch I hustle every day (Every night we celebrate)
Every night we celebrate, every night we celebrate

Fuck is all the talk about? Fuck these niggas talking 'bout?
Shit I know it's us cuz we the only thing to talk about
I been down to ATL, I seen how they walk it out
Cali Crip Walk it out, show 'em what New York about
What these niggas hating for? Fuck these niggas hating on?
I'm what they debating for, I'm what they been waiting on
Out there tryna take it slow but taking slow been taking long
Know I'm on the paper trail until I get my paper long
When I'm in the kitchen, catch me with my apron on
And it's back to business, A$AP is where they belong
And we on the grind, that's until I get my paper long
See your nigga's face every time you turn your cable on
Mami why your leggings on, face down ass out?
Tylenol and codeine got a nigga 'bout to pass out
Catch me on a grind and now a nigga 'bout to cash out
Get money, hella cake, every night we celebrate

Get money every day (Every night we celebrate)
Get money every day (Every night we celebrate)
Bitch I hustle every day (Every night we celebrate)
Every night we celebrate, every night we celebrate

When the boys roll, pull up on the block
Still we hustle, 'cause we run the spot
I'll be on my grind, every night dawg
'Til the coffin close, and my lights off
I hit 'em up, like my name's Shakur
Count my dividends, I'm allergic to poor
I hit 'em up, like my name's Shakur
Stack my paper up, I'm above the law
I hit 'em Up

Get money every day (Every night we celebrate)
Get money every day (Every night we celebrate)
Bitch I hustle every day (Every night we celebrate)
Every night we celebrate, every night we celebrate(TK Kravitz)

Baby, you know how I'm coming
I came up from nothing
That's why I can't fuck with you niggas who be fronting
If you my dawg, you my dawg for real, for you I kill
If I got it then you got it too, that's the deal
Just don't change on me, my nigga
My life can't get no bigger
I became a big spender
But you still don't get the picture
That money don't mean shit to me
That money don't mean shit to me

I notice everybody love you when you got something to give (Everybody, I'm talking everybody)
But what if I ain't have it?
Would you still be my rib? (My rib!)
If I didn't have nothing to give
What if I ain't have nothing to give?
What if I ain't have nothing to give?

I lost so many niggas, I dropped a tear about 'em
We drop couple of their niggas, you don't hear about it
I tell my niggas I love them to death, that's on my dead body
I don't wanna give up my life to anybody
Think they finessing, Durk will not help 'em out
'Cause I want they ass to win and take a better route
Wish Law ain't take that fifteen, he ain't settle well
They get 'em off the street, they had to set 'em down

I notice everybody love you when you got something to give (Everybody, I'm talking everybody)
But what if I ain't have it?
Would you still be my rib? (My rib!)
If I didn't have nothing to give
What if I ain't have nothing to give?
What if I ain't have nothing to give?

My momma said I don't love nobody but codeine
Trapping like a fool 'til my pockets obese
Real copped to ten murders, on the police
Gave him twenty years, still send him money every week
I feel like, we don't work, we don't care, we don't never speak
Told my team, "Need plaques," so I don't never sleep
I'm forever real, I'm from the mud, believe
Can't struggle when I'm rich, I had to go and cheat

I notice everybody love you when you got something to give (Everybody, I'm talking everybody)
But what if I ain't have it?
Would you still be my rib? (My rib!)
If I didn't have nothing to give
What if I ain't have nothing to give?
What if I ain't have nothing to give?
What if I ain't have nothing to give?
What if I ain't have nothing to give?Mi no compadre
Mi no compadre
Mi no compadre
Mi no compadre
Mi no compadre
Mi no compadre
Me no, me no compadre

My seats on some reptile
You niggas some reptiles
I come with a lot of power
I come with the Aquafina
They hang off my neck and my earrings, fingers
I came with the check, then I came exquisite
I once spend the check on my transportation
We came from this section that ain't that great
See what I did when I came through faded
All of these niggas they gang related
Drug related got me walkin', pacin'
Peekin' out the window like I'm Khujo
Seen some real niggas get indicted
Seen a pussy nigga get some recognition
20 racks inside of niggas britches
20 bricks'll have a nigga twitchin'
They say you wanna conquer all the Audemar's
Diamond VVS is Niagara Falls
Dranks is drankin' fall asleep in the boat
Keep the stanky stank, nigga right in my coat
Got a bracelet wrapped around my wrist
Like to see that shit light up and glisten
Like to see some fish come back a brick
Put some bread on your head, get ya hit

Fuck around think it's a game
Fuck around, get on that drank
Fuck around with all the fuck arounds
You fuck around, get murked today
Fuck around, get work today
Fuck around with all the fuck arounds
Fuck around, you gone get paid
Fuck around, we goin' crazy

Mi no compadre
Mi no compadre
Mi no compadre
Mi no compadre
Mi no compadre
Mi no compadre
Me no, me no compadre

I'm not excited
We can't be reunited
Fuck it, I'm not being modest
Had a young nigga right up on Missoni
My jewelry hang on my wrist like I'm retarded
I came with the gang and they lightweight retarded
Niggas be like that bitch must been imported
Niggas shoot birds at judge in the court
Forty chains swanging like Mardi Gras
For forty bands a nigga daddy die
Automatic, nigga air you out
I was abandoned there but never more
Greedy nigga with an attitude
I been rackin' in mechanicals
I've been known to have an attitude
All the shit gone end in casualties
I be gettin' a lot of fettuccine
I just went and bought a nigga trap
They just wanna see a nigga miserable
Put the Desi on 'em, leave him critical
Take the codeine and left the baby
Everyday a celebration
The struggle got me dedicated
This money got me levitatin'

Fuck around think it's a game
Fuck around, get on that drank
Fuck around with all the fuck arounds
You fuck around, get murked today
Fuck around, get work today
Fuck around with all the fuck arounds
Fuck around, you gone get paid
Fuck around, we goin' crazy

Mi no compadre
Mi no compadre
Mi no compadre
Mi no compadre
Mi no compadre
Mi no compadre
Me no, me no compadreThink It's A Game
Ant Chamberlain that's a hundred points

Uh, young fly nigga, I kick big shit, yeah
Plus my wrist lit, hey, plus my bitch rich, yeah
I'm a big pimp, yeah, I talk big shit, yeah
We got sticks bitch, yeah, we don't miss shit, yeah uh
Yeah, wrist on frostbite, wedding bands look like headlights
This the boss life, yeah, my bitch exclusive and she boujee, yeah
Real life no movie, whole lotta groupies, yeah

I got a movie clip, in this lil' uzi yeah
They like to talk a lot yeah, but we like to mute shit, yeah
Pull up and shoot shit yeah, all on the roof and shit, yeah
Trap out the Ruth's Chris yeah, bust down your cuban, yeah
Montana, some like Tony Montana, whole lot of drums and bananas
I don't fuck with no rappers, I got love for my trappers, yeah
Reachin' for my chains see I know blood they gon' whack 'em yeah, yeah
New spot like the Falcons, new drop this the fast one
Get some top in the Aston, one point five in cash bruh
Young fly nigga, they like, "He so handsome"
I might slide through in that Rolls Royce Phantom

Uh, young fly nigga, I kick big shit, yeah
Plus my wrist lit, yeah, plus my bitch rich, yeah
I'm a big pimp, yeah, I talk big shit, yeah
We got sticks bitch, yeah, we don't miss shit, yeah, uh
Yeah, wrist on frostbite, wedding bands look like headlights
This the boss life, yeah, my bitch exclusive and she boujee, yeah
Real life no movie, whole lot of groupies, yeah

(Offset)
My whole cup polluted (drank)
Get in that pot and Hadouken! (uh)
We take the phone from the groupies (woo)
I'm drippin', baby, excuse me (drip)
Whole lot of gang in here (gang)
Nawfside niggas, no names in here (Nawf)
Pinky ring crystal clear
40k spent on a private Lear (fyuu)
60k solitaire (60 ball)
I cannot vibe with queers (uh-uh)
I got the heart of a bear (huh)
Bustin' them down by the pair (bust down)
Patek Philipe, it's rare (hey)
I'm smashin', pullin' her hair (smash)
Trap fashion, look what I wear (trap fashion)
It's a ghost but do not be scared (uh-uh)
It's a Wraith with the stars in the ceiling, yeah (stars)
They go ape on them bars, catch a body, yeah
Let my dick fill in her mouth like it's a cavity, yeah
Sippin' on codeine, floatin' with no gravity, yeah

Uh, young fly nigga, I kick big shit, yeah
Plus my wrist lit, hey, plus my bitch rich, yeah
I'm a big pimp, yeah, I talk big shit, yeah
We got sticks bitch, yeah, we don't miss shit, yeah uh
Yeah, wrist on frostbite, wedding bands look like headlights
This the boss life, yeah, my bitch exclusive and she boujee, yeah
Real life no movie, whole lot of groupies, yeahSometimes I have them thoughts
Like I'm too real for this shit
Labels keep callin'
I need 2 mil for this shit!
Took a mixtape
Turned it to a mansion
Then I took my last pack
And it turned into gymnastics
The crazy thing about it
I been knew I had it
I was being patient
Y'all was being stagnant
The crazy thing about it
I been gettin' money
I been gettin' pussy
Shades cost 600
The crazy thing about it
I don't need nobody
I don't need no co-signer
Talking bout I got 'em
The crazy thing about it
Everything been crazy
My girl cousin died
Now who gon' take care of them babies

A-Town, we got one
Westside, we got one
Eastside, we got one
Southside, we got one
Got one, I got one
This pistol on me, I got one
This check homie, I got one
Respect homie, I got one
A-Town, we got one
Westside, we got one
Eastside, we got one
Southside, we got one
Got one, I got one
This pistol on me, I got one
This check homie, I got one
Respect homie, I got one

This Polo, not Izod
I get dough like Tae Kwon
Asking me what I'm on
I say my bank account is on steroids
Trappin' off my Android
Tryin' not to go fed for it
Cause I'm so high, talkin' I'm so fly
I don't know if I should l land for it
Addicted to codeine
My side effect is a red girl
If I buy the pussy you payin' for it
Put your head through the headboard
I say it but, I don't get no credit for it
Pull up in that short bus
Tell 'em this is Sp. Ed. Tour

A-Town, we got one
Westside, we got one
Eastside, we got one
Southside, we got one
Got one, I got one
This pistol on me, I got one
This check homie, I got one
Respect homie, I got one
A-Town, we got one
Westside, we got one
Eastside, we got one
Southside, we got one
Got one, I got one
This pistol on me, I got one
This check homie, I got one
Respect homie, I got oneAll of them killers won't make it out
Car crash, call it, racin' out
All of them killers won't make it out
Car crash, call it, racin' out
Got a big brick, tryna build a house
Tryna run my Mercedes out
Big grams in the granny couch
All of them killers won't make it out
I said all of them killers won't make it out
Car crash, call it, racin' out
All of them killers won't make it out
The car crash, call it, racin' out
Got a big brick, tryna build a house
Tryna run my Mercedes out
Big grams in the granny couch
All of them killers won't make it out
I said all of the killers won't make it out
Car crash, call it, racin' out
All of them killers won't make it out
Car crash, call it, racin' out
Got a big brick, tryna build a house
Tryna run my Mercedes out
Big grams in the granny couch
All of them killers won't make it out
I said all of the killers won't make it out
Car crash, call it, racin' out
All of them killers won't make it out
The car crash, call it, racin' out
Got a big brick, tryna build a house
Tryna run my Mercedes out
Big grams in the granny couch
All of them killers won't make it out
I said

All of them killers don't make it out
The car crash, call it racin' out
The bullet kiss 'em, call it makin' out
They never said I'd appose to nothin'
Choppa known for thumpin'
Make a nigga start Forrest Gumpin'
When I catch that boy forest frontin'
Choppa blow his stomach
Hit his body and his soul be jumpin'
Cause my nigga don't blow for nothin'
We gon' run up on you, we gon' get you hit
Talk a lot like you servin' brick
Tryna get me rich and I fuck your bitch
She be suckin' dick on some other shit
These niggas, they just tryna hate on me
Take me out try to put date on me
Gotta ride 'round with that thang on me
Catch a nine slippin' by 43, word to me
I'ma just keep goin' hard 'til it's dirt on me
L Block 390, you heard of me?
Chopper rips open like surgery
I'm back from the dead, close the curtian, B
All my killers gon' get away
Savage come through, he gon' get away
Mikey come through, he gon' rip it fast
Everybody gon' rip his face
And I'ma kill 'em
They look Scottie Pippen, woo!
You hear that 'Gatti engine, woo!
You heard I'm karate flippin', woo!
Now haters, they ought to mention
Come through the Garvey hittin'
I got guns and they're shootin' they Tony flippin'
Codeine, you know I'm sippin'
Young niggas on a mission!

All of them killers won't make it out
Car crash, call it, racin' out
All of them killers won't make it out
Car crash, call it, racin' out
Got a big brick, tryna build a house
Tryna run my Mercedes out
Big grams in the granny couch
All of them killers won't make it out
I said all of them killers won't make it out
Car crash, call it, racin' out
All of them killers won't make it out
The car crash, call it, racin' out
Got a big brick, tryna build a house
Tryna run my Mercedes out
Big grams in the granny couch
All of them killers won't make it out
I said all of the killers won't make it out
Car crash, call it, racin' out
All of them killers won't make it out
Car crash, call it, racin' out
Got a big brick, tryna build a house
Tryna run my Mercedes out
Big grams in the granny couch
All of them killers won't make it out
I said all of the killers won't make it out
Car crash, call it, racin' out
All of them killers won't make it out
The car crash, call it, racin' out
Got a big brick, tryna build a house
Tryna run my Mercedes out
Big grams in the granny couch
All of them killers won't make it outFell addicted to codeine, put it to the side
Falling down, I'm down and out
I cannot love her
I'm a slayer (Lil Uzi Vert, Lil Uzi Vert)
Young Lombardo, I'm a slayer (Lil Uzi Vert, Lil Uzi Vert)
Yeah (8-8-8-8)
Young Lombardo, I'm a slayer (Yeah)
Young Lombardo, I'm a slayer (Yeah)
Young Lombardo, I'm a slayer (Yeah)
Young Lombardo, I'm a slayer

Yeah, she's in love with a rager (Yeah)
She's a rockstar, everybody said, "Don't date her" (Come on)
I'm no dummy, no I do not have a cape, sir (Oh yeah)
I just wanted to have my way, didn't mean to save her (No)
She's in love with a rager (Yeah)
She's a rockstar, everybody said, "Don't date her" (Oh yeah)
I'm no dummy, no I do not have a cape, sir (Oh, come on)
I just wanted to have my way, didn't mean to save her (No)

Rockstar lifestyle, guitar got the Fenders (Yeah, uh)
My bitch went to Miami, got a lil' tanner (Oh yeah, uh)
We got way more cards than the scammers (Oh yeah, uh)
I'm in outer space, not a lander
No, no, no, no, girl, you can't be scared
If you wanna do what I do, then you gotta sit in that chair (Yeah)
It's a whole opposite life, I swear this shit is not weird (No)
If you open your eyes, then I'll know everything gon' be clear

Yeah, she's in love with a rager (Yeah)
She's a rockstar, everybody said, "Don't date her" (Come on)
I'm no dummy, no I do not have a cape, sir (Oh yeah)
I just wanted to have my way, didn't mean to save her (No)
She's in love with a rager (Oh yeah)
She's a rockstar, everybody said, "Don't date her" (Oh yeah)
I'm no dummy, no I do not have a cape, sir (Oh, come on)
Young Lombardo, yeah, your girlfriend, I'ma slay her

Betty Crocker, she a caker (Uh)
She give me the chance, I'll hit her like a Raider (Oh yeah)
My new crib, this shit so big it is amazin' (Oh yeah)
It came with a hater, it came with a waiter (Uh)
Harlem bitch, I can't shake ya (Uh)
I got on my Timbs, them bitches laced up (Uh)
Heavy artillery, my waist up (Uh)
Got some shit that probably eat yo' face up (Uh)
Your bitch give me face, just from my waist up (Uh)
Dick so long, it's fuckin' up her makeup (Uh)
She give me that deep, don't do no fake sucks
She said this shit taste so good, but bitch you taste nut

Yeah, she's in love with a rager (Yeah)
She's a rockstar, everybody said, "Don't date her" (Come on)
I'm no dummy, no I do not have a cape, sir (Oh yeah)
I just wanted to have my way, didn't mean to save her (No)
She's in love with a rager (Oh yeah)
She's a rockstar, everybody said, "Don't date her" (Oh yeah)
I'm no dummy, no I do not have a cape, sir (Oh, come on)
Young Lombardo, yeah, your girlfriend, I'ma slay her

I'm a slayer (Oh yeah)
Young Lombardo, I'm a slayer (Yeah, oh yeah)
Young Lombardo, I'm a slayer
Young Lombardo, I'm a slayer
Young Lombardo, I'm a slayer
Young Lombardo, I'm a slayerJust like a astronaut
We don't detox
Yeah
Playin' in the mud, all these drugs
Like a weirdo (Yeah)
One of a kind, VVS diamond on my earlobe

Hop in that 'Rari, I drive fast, I'm a a-hole (Skrrt)
I got cashflow, bitch droppin' the ass low
Ride dick like a lasso
40 on me, it's fuego hot
Give you a halo
At your neck, ready or not
Me and Pluto astronauts

Alien, I'm not a regular guy
Emilio Pucci, not regular fly
It's been a year since I went in the mall
I'm not a regular guy
We put them beams on a semi, you better be ready to die
I got on wings like a Bentley, I feel way too high
Left the sticker on the window still got the paper tag
Louis Vuitton bandana, too many shopping bags
Richard Mille or the Rollie, it don't tick tock
Hermes bandana just like 2Pac
My little brother, he a scammer, ride with 2 choppas
We want ecstasy and codeine, we don't detox

Balenciagas on my feet, these ain't no Reeboks
I grew up a bad kid, coulda been on The Boondocks
I keep my hand on my tool, ahh
Clip look like a ruler
I roll with them shooters, shooters
Ain't with the talking, we just do it
Stripper bitch, big ol' booty
Your ho dirty, she got cooties
Big ol' 30, and it'll do you
Uh, I shoot that shit like a movie
White bitch nerdy, her name Susie, uh
The bitch head game go stupid, uh
Birkin bag on my back hold the Uzi, uh
Two Percs to the face, I'm booted

Blood on my hands, blood in my eyes
Codeine in my cup, money on my mind
Gonna take this Percocet and try and see stars
Presently, they askin' young niggas I got bars
Hope you never get to murder solvin' like nothin' wrong
Hope, the day you run into your ops, you get 'em goin'
I be with my Chi town brothers, Al Capone
Me and Juice killin these niggas like they got they hands down
Blood in my eyes, blood on my hands
Blood in my cup, blood on my bands
Made a million dollars in abandoned buildings
Drinkin' out the bottle, you abandon my feelings
I took three 10s and went hasta luego
Juice WRLD prolly in that 'Rari actin' a a-hole
I'm with some bartenders, they bad like J-Lo
Keep the cannon like a tummy tuck, pushin' yayo
Blow my head off, she deserve Chanel coco
I got dirty bands, I'm gettin' my El Chapo

I drive fast, I'm a a-hole
I got cashflow, bitch droppin' that ass low
Ride dick like a lasso
40 on me, it's fuego hot
Give you a halo
At your neck, ready or not
Me and Pluto astronauts
I got bands, hasta luego
I got cashflow, bitch droppin' the ass low
Ride that shit like my last ho
Chopper on me, I'm B.G. hot
Give you a halo
At your neck, ready or not
Me and Juice astronautsAre you in or out?
Are you in or out?
Leave your things behind
'Cause it’s all—

Dig me up and out the ground
The Leopard spotted grave was found
$loth tossed the moss, cross upside down
Wipe the dirt off of my face in reverse, fuck disgrace
I've been unlaced
Stitch me up, I'm not opaque
Please don't excavate
Intoxicated, rotten my forgotten trait
Take me to the coast and toss my body in the lake
Watch me float away to my remote dismay

Are you in or out?
Are you in or out?
Leave your things behind
'Cause it’s all going off without you
Are you in or out?
Leave your things behind
'Cause it’s all—

Leavin' your things behind
Me? I done lost my mind
Think of you all the time, shawty, just please be mine
When I see you I just wanna die
If I could there'd be tears in my eyes
But a dead motherfucker can't cry, only rise up when I'm high
Spillin' my guts on this pavement
Purple is always my fragrance, that codeine is always my favorite
But for you, there just ain't no replacement
Only place I reside is Opiate Street
I believe I can fly when them xans up in me
I believe when I die, it'll be from an OD
All these bitches cuisines and I'm eating for free

Are you in or out?
Are you in or out?
Leave your things behindVicasso on another one
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Ayy

Last night I counted ten with the lights out
That shit was dirty, I still ain't think 'bout grabbin' the Lysol
You not in my league, if I was Mike, I still wouldn't bite y'all
They didn't care when I was broke, declined every phone call
I'm tryna clear off my windshields
I see the hate so I just turn on my defrost
I think 'bout death but I'm still here
My whole crew, they got hair but I'm still screamin', "We ball"

They gon' think I'm with the Migos, watch me take off
Plus sip been catchin' up with me, I quit playin' ball
My plug fronted me fifty like Zach, I ranned off
Ain't got no job, but if you play, my youngins layin' off
We see the envy through windows
Sometimes we hate to go outside, yeah
My niggas ain't nothin' like a cheerleader, yeah
But they can tell you they caught bodies, yeah
Balenciagas cost a grand just to step
So you gotta take the elevator, yeah
And when we move, we got assault rifles, yeah
And they gon' shoot if we get aggravated
Didn't wanna wake up, we had dreams about gettin' rich
Them young boys pull up on your boulevard so quick
I wish the neighbors couldn't smell 'cause they so nosy in the hood
NoCap forever keep his metal, he ain't goin' Hollywood
Keep my Glock-9 but I don't wanna be like Kodak
Lil' Joe can probably ride on snow, he keep a ski mask
Two grand for features, Val and Ali, y'all couldn't beat that
How I got water like a ocean, they ain't see that
That day she cheated on me, I read Janae messages
But I ain't wanna be like Lucci, yeah
In my hood, we just buy more clips
Like we can't make it out this movie

Young boys had dreams about bein' rich
Pull up to your boulevard so quick, oh yeah
Young boys had dreams about bein' rich
To the boulevard so quick, yeah
(Know what I'm sayin', young nigga came from nothin', and we ain't see this)

Last night I counted ten with the lights out
That shit was dirty, I still ain't think 'bout grabbin' the Lysol
You not in my league, if I was Mike, I still wouldn't bite y'all
They didn't care when I was broke, declined every phone call
I'm tryna clear off my windshields
I see the hate so I just turn on my defrost
I think 'bout death but I'm still here
My whole crew, they got hair but I'm still screamin', "We ball"

I know some niggas rather make the news than BET
They don't wanna see a diet, all them niggas know is beef
Walk with guns on they side, no sidewalk, they know the streets
I was tryna stay strong, when Slim died, I cried for weeks
He couldn't swim, he just dived in the water
The lifeguard couldn't save him, yeah
He couldn't swim he just dived in the water
It's like God couldn't save him, yeah
Took them folks to trial 'cause I'ma buy my whole gang jewelry
My mama handed me my gun so I know she worried
Dead faces on me but I don't wear no Ed Hardy
Only time that lil' ho see a ring if she meet Jeff Hardy
I run with crips, they probably won't even walk the red carpet
All my niggas gone, they poppin' Percs like they a pack of Smarties
.40 bullets come from Walmart but still'll hit our target
My jewelers right next door to me, I hear them throwin' a party
Snow bunny let me fuck, she was energized
They only care what I rap 'bout, they don't feel my inner vibes
These shoes ain't got no laces, how the hell that nigga get mob ties?
Lil' Joe behind the gate, I wanna cut the barbwires
Tryna ban me from my hood, the hell is a drum without the sticks?
Dion done robbed the whole planet just to go and get a 'fit
Caught ten on the Jacksons, I tried to tell 'em this is it
If he shoot at me and miss, I get him killed for that brick
The way that man gon' creep, they think he a sex offender
Dirty cup for the hoes who left, I put X's in 'em
All my shoes came with snake, when I walk I leave venom
Pull out that pussy like driveway, never leave in 'em
I see the hate is on they face, reminded me of dimples
Assassinate him for his watch, it was presidential
Narc said, "Who sold you this codeine?" I said, "I don't remember"
Them long nights, stood on that block, we was tryna help the centerYeah, turn me up
That's good nookie, nookie
Hee, ha, ha

Treat the pussy right, that's good nookie (That's good nookie)
Keep killers 'round me, that's how it should be (That's how it should be, yeah)
Shoulda', woulda', coulda', nigga just could be (Nigga just could be)
Yeah, you know the vibe
Up in Chanaynay, I'm picking your size
Burner got a price, I pay it tonight (Pay it tonight)
Blending the bujj in the blender
Whipping the white (Whipping the white)
Yeah, just spoke to my Imam and he said I can get five wives
The nitty just died in the bando but the cats got nine lives

Money don't change me, stand on that statement
You wouldn't understand, had a hand on the pavement
Steering round the way, I forgot that I'm famous
Only hit her once, Lil Keed, she nameless
Rolls Royce truck come through, that's anus
Audemars Piguet, Rolex, both stainless
Him throwing shots, just watch where you're aiming
I ain't gon' stop, I'm goin' hard, I came in
No new friends, swear to God, I'm with the same men
Married to the street, I got a 60 on my ring finger
Made it out the skreets to the fours, I'm a game changer
Stay from out the skreets, they're tryna label me a gangbanger
Quarter million dollars got me foreign whippin', lane changing
Only handle business, gettin' money, doin' the same thing
Niggas who with me, we see, we maintain
Every chance I get, I'm screaming "Free 'em out the chain gang"
You got it girl, I ain't givin' her my last name
Christmas everyday, the plug called and said the packs came
Lamborghini truck, it got me speeding in the fast lane
Thinkin' 'bout the time, I hid my bottle in the trash can
Money too long, figures longer than your last man
I can beat it up way better than your last man
I can send a jet, you can cancel all your damn plans
Baby, is you fucking with your boy? It's your last chance

Treat the pussy right, that's good nookie (That's good nookie)
Keep killers 'round me, that's how it should be (That's how it should be, yeah)
Shoulda', woulda', coulda', nigga just could be (Nigga just could be)
Yeah, you know the vibe
Up in Chanaynay, I'm picking your size
Burner got a price, I pay it tonight (Pay it tonight)
Blending the bujj in the blender
Whipping the white (Whipping the white)
Yeah, just spoke to my Imam and he said I can get five wives
The nitty just died in the bando but the cats got nine lives

My nigga told me he ain't hurt none (Ha)
Keep talking like you heard suttin' (Huh)
I'm from South London
Hit a nigga up, night night, now it's church somethin'
Can't find you on the glide
We a pull up on your first cousin
She just said "Who you talking to?"
On Wickr, tryna work something
In the kitchen, we still working
In the kitchen, we still learn, yeah
Shawty, my niggas come first, yeah
Yeah, we threw thousands of bricks at the birds, yeah
I see jakes on my strip, I don't wait there
I spent thousands of pounds on your fake hair
My codeine is dangerous, I'm faded
I'll eat that pussy in Mayfair

Treat the pussy right, that's good nookie (That's good nookie)
Keep killers 'round me, that's how it should be ('Cause that's how it should be)
Shoulda', woulda', coulda', nigga just could be (Nigga just could be)
Yeah, you know the vibe
Up in Chanaynay, I'm picking your size
Burner got a price, I pay it tonight (Pay it tonight)
Blending the bujj in the blender
Whipping the white (Whipping the white)
Yeah, just spoke to my Imam and he said I can get five wives
The nitty just died in the bando but the cats got nine livesI can't make my mind up (I can't make my mind) (Uh)
Told her that her time's up (You can't change my mind)
Yeah, whoa, whoa
Enviyon on the mix (Uh)

Too much on my mind, yeah
I can't make my mind up (Can't make my mind up)
Told her that her time's up
I been on my grind, yeah (All on my grind, yeah)
Had her in the past, but
I will not rewind, yeah (I won't rewind)
I will not rewind her (I won't rewind)
I will leave her there, huh
Too much on my mind, yeah
I can't make my mind up (Can't make my mind up)
Told her that her time's up
I been on my grind, yeah (All on my grind, yeah)
Had her in the past, but
I will not rewind, yeah (I won't rewind)
I will not rewind her (I won't rewind)
I will leave her there, huh

I will leave her where I met her, in the past (In the past)
Every heartbreak worse than the last (Than the last)
Playing love games while she playing catch up (I don't play catch up)
Married to the money, I'ma get my cash up (I just do bankrolls)
(You know it), ayy
She wanna call for backup (I won't do backup)
(You know it), ayy
Fuckin' her friends and I smash 'em (I'm gonna smash 'em)
It's over, huh
Hop in that Audi and back up (I will just back up)
I swerve it, huh
I do what I want
I deserve it
I'm in my lane, I'm speedin' (Skr)
I been breaking these hearts and I don't even have a reason (No)
Winter all over my wrist
It's snowing, I could change the season (Fucks)
I been fuckin' her friends and fuckin' her
Now she wonder why friends don't fuck with her
I just had two girls, I double up
I just had codeine, I double cup
I just had two beans, I'm loaded
Got two Glocks, I'm locked and I'm loaded (Whoa)
Driving drunk inside that Lotus
Hope the cops don't pull me over
Love to stay, but girl it's over
This is called a leaving notice (Leaving notice)
This is called a leaving notice, yeah (A leaving notice)
Got two Glocks, I'm locked and I'm loaded
Driving drunk inside that Lotus
Hope the cops don't pull me over
(Hope the cops they ain't pullin' me over)
Hope the cops don't pull me over (Whoa)

Too much on my mind, yeah
I can't make my mind up (Can't make my mind up)
Told her that her time's up
I been on my grind, yeah (All on my grind, yeah)
Had her in the past, but
I will not rewind, yeah (I won't rewind)
I will not rewind her (I won't rewind)
I will leave her there, huh
Too much on my mind, yeah
I can't make my mind up (Can't make my mind up)
Told her that her time's up
I been on my grind, yeah (All on my grind, yeah)
Had her in the past, but
I will not rewind, yeah (I won't rewind)
I will not rewind her (I won't rewind)
I will leave her there, huh

Money all over my mind, yeah
Rollie all over my time, yeah
The joke's up, the game's over
Girl you get the cold shoulder (Bang, bang)
I just been all on my grind, yeah
She know I'm all in my prime, yeah
Her boyfriend wanna do me over
.45 up in my holster (Bye, bye)
He won't stand a chance
He know I'm the man (Yeah)
Downed a couple Xans
Here we go again (Here we go)
I turned to a junkie for money (Yeah I know)
Leave that Bathing Ape shit for the monkeys (Oh no)
Rock VLONE all the way to the undies (Huh)
Like a virgin these niggas can't touch me (Yeah)
Like a virgin my diamonds are holy (Like what?)
Mix that purple and yellow like Kobe (Like what?)
Don't approach me if you do not know me (Like what?)
I fuck her from the back like she owe me (Like what?)
She told me that she wanna get married (Huh)
But I know that she fuckin' my brodie (Like what?)
Yeah, I know that she fuckin' my brodie (Like what?)
I fuck her and pass her to my brodie (Whoa)
I fuck her and pass her to my brodie (Like what?)
Told that ho that she don't know me
24 how I'm ballin' like Kobe (Like who?)
All of these bitches be on me
Yeah, ayy
All of these bitches be on me

Too much on my mind, yeah
I can't make my mind up (Can't make my mind up)
Told her that her time's up
I been on my grind, yeah (All on my grind, yeah)
Had her in the past, but
I will not rewind, yeah (I won't rewind)
I will not rewind her (I won't rewind)
I will leave her there, huh
Too much on my mind, yeah
I can't make my mind up (Can't make my mind up)
Told her that her time's up
I been on my grind, yeah (All on my grind, yeah)
Had her in the past, but
I will not rewind, yeah (I won't rewind)
I will not rewind her (I won't rewind)
I will leave her there, huh

I will leave, I will leave (Leave), huh
I will leave (Can't make my mind up, my mind up)
Huh, I will leave
I'll do my grind, yah (I'll do my grind, yah), ooh
I will rewind, I will rewind
I will rewind, I will rewindXXX he the best (aye, aye, aye)
Oh shit and Kanye West (Kanye West!)
Lil Pump, Uzi and the rest (and the rest!)
Ice, aquafina on my wrist (wrist, wrist, wrist)

Yo' main bitch all up on my shit (all up on my what?)
Naked and gaggin on my dick (on my dick)
Try me and you are fuckin' dead (fuckin' dead)
Cuz you and yo' squad are fulla shit (aye, aye, aye)
Sippin on Wock like Purpp, ay
Fuck a day job fuck work, ay
Dirty my soda like Durk, ay
Put 'em in a dirt like Ferg, ay
Pull up on your bitch she a thot, ya
All of my niggas wanna fuck, yaaa
Hit it from the back dont stop, YAA!
Ski mask pull up on your block
Aye nigga
Cuz I'm ridin thru the city
Bumpin' Waka Flocka Flame in my fuckin' bentley
Nigga you's a bitch got yo' main bitch with me
Sippin' on codeine bitch I ain't got no kidney
Woo!
Pipe it up!
Woo!
All of my niggas gon' pipe it up!
All of my niggas they hittas they killas and we the realest niggas from the block
Yeah nigga yea we gon' Mob
Yeah nigga yea we don't stop
And all of my niggas gorillas they killas and we the realest niggas from the block
This my gang, this my squad, this my crew-crew
Goth bitch got no panties lift yo' skirt-skirt
Rob yo fuckin' lil sister at the school-school
Catch a nigga by the toe Bunny FuFuu

XXX he the best (aye, aye, aye)
Oh shit and Kanye West (Kanye West!)
Lil Pump, Uzi and the rest (and the rest!)
Ice, aquafina on my wrist (wrist, wrist, wrist)Why everything supposed to be bad, make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would

I wish a nigga would try to take my shit
‘Cause a nigga wish he could do it like this
I can't even take a piss, without a nigga tryna take a pic
I just want to fuck a few hoes, take my pick
Backwoods with the hash in 'em
Bad bitch, skinny jeans, fat ass in 'em
You ain't never seen a lime of light
I might fuck around and do a line tonight
Codeine cups, paint a picture so vivid
Fucking to the Weeknd, on the weekend
That ain't too provocative, is it?
If it's not, that's just a warning
Know I got it if you want, and

I couldn't tell you how the world function
But I'm headed to the function
This shit ain't about nothin'
No, this shit ain't about nothin'
But it's gotta be somethin'
They say I'm so selfish, I ain't think about nothin'
'Less it's making me somethin'
Matter fact, fuck that, I ain't worried about nothin'
No, I ain't worried about nothin', it's always somethin'

The cars, the clothes, the ice
It's always something
The stars, the moon, the lights
It's always something
The cars, the clothes, the ice
It's always something
The stars, the moon, the lights

Why everything supposed to be bad, make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would

I wish a nigga would try to take my shit
‘Cause a nigga wish he could do it like this
We in the world of material vixens in your videos…
Hermes belt, shirt will make your ho melt
Issey Miyake all over my body
My heart beats off beat, still the life of the party
YSL, iPhone wireless cell
I'm high as hell, by the end of the night
I might need bail if a nigga test my might
I ain't a bitch for nothin', end of discussion, and

I couldn't tell you how the world function
But I'm headed to the function
This shit ain't about nothin'
No, this shit ain't about nothin'
But it's gotta be somethin'
They say I'm so selfish, I ain't think about nothin'
'Less it's making me somethin'
Matter fact, fuck that, I ain't worried about nothin'
No, I ain't worried about nothin', it's always somethin'

The cars, the clothes, the ice
It's always something
The stars, the moon, the lights
It's always something
The cars, the clothes, the ice
It's always something
The stars, the moon, the lightsYeah

All I ever wanted was some Jordan's and a gold chain
Now I need all 36 Oz out the whole thing
My watch be tellin' me I ain't got time to play with hoes, man
All I ever wanted was some Jordan's and a gold chain
Wake up in the mornin' feelin' like we don't deserve this
Once we get it started, ain't no way you could reverse this
We do this for real, it ain't no way to rehearse this
You play 'round with mine, I fuck around and get you murked, bitch, yeah, yeah

Helicopters flyin' 'round my house, like fuck 'em (fuck 'em)
You know that 12 stay investigatin', I don't trust 'em (no)
You done drove a long way, only sold you one-eighth
If you talkin' gunplay, niggas got that one way (buck, buck, buck)
Ticket to get stuck in traffic, I pull out then pass it, we drivin' them hearses
And your homies been wearin' your T-shirt, the pastor be speakin' them verses
We do this for real, I ain't got time to see no bird, bitch
I just pop a pill, this codeine got a nigga swervin'

All I ever wanted was some Jordan's and a gold chain
Now I need all 36 Oz out the whole thing
My watch be tellin' me I ain't got time to play with hoes, man
All I ever wanted was some Jordan's and a gold chain
Wake up in the mornin' feelin' like we don't deserve this
Once we get it started, ain't no way you could reverse this
We do this for real, it ain't no way to rehearse this
You play 'round with mine, I fuck around and get you murked, bitch, yeah, yeah (buck, buck, buck)

I used to flip them things and get that change up out 'em (woo)
Young nigga done got that change but ain't shit changed about him (woo)
I put my neck down on the line, got 20 chains around it (ow!)
You ain't talkin' 'bout no money, we don't hear about it
Tell all your niggas we don't need the convo, I'ma have 20 hoes twerk at the condo
I been ridin' since the summer of '87, crazy thing, I wasn't born 'til the '9-0
All of them years, we was broke what I shine for, commas separatin' zeros like grown folk
I break a .9 out the motherfuckin' brick with my eyes closed

All I ever wanted was some Jordan's and a gold chain
Now I need all 36 Oz out the whole thing
My watch be tellin' me I ain't got time to play with hoes, man
All I ever wanted was some Jordan's and a gold chain
Wake up in the mornin' feelin' like we don't deserve this
Once we get it started, ain't no way you could reverse this
We do this for real, it ain't no way to rehearse this
You play 'round with mine, I fuck around and get you murked, bitch, yeah, yeah (buck, buck, buck)

Snitches get stitches, I feel like you niggas some fakes and some bitches (ow! Woo)
These niggas will tell on they partners, just hopin' the judge give a break on the sentence (woo)
Hand on the wheel, I just handle my business and I wish Dolla Bill was livin' a witness (hey)
The way this lil nigga done round up them digits, man, I got that gift like it came with ribbon (hey)
I tell these liberty bitches that I ain't switchin' 'less we talkin' 'bout switchin' positions
I turn the wood to the world for my niggas, I hope that shit did make a difference
They dodge a homie 'cause of codeine I'm sippin', these glasses, homie, gave me Cartier vision
They hatin' on me, fakin' on me, but still I ain't trippin'

All I ever wanted was some Jordan's and a gold chain (gold chain)
Now I need all 36 Oz out the whole thing (whole thing)
My watch be tellin' me I ain't got time to play with hoes, man
All I ever wanted was some Jordan's and a gold chain
Wake up in the mornin' feelin' like we don't deserve this (hey)
Once we get it started, ain't no way you could reverse this (ow!)
We do this for real, it ain't no way to rehearse this (hey)
You play 'round with mine, I fuck around and get you murked, bitch, yeah, yeah (buck, buck, buck)Yeah, it's the flyest in the city and I'm about to take off
And I'm about to take off
It's the flyest in the city and I'm about to take off
And I'm about to take off
It's the flyest in the city and I'm about to take off
And I'm about to take off
Yeah yeah yeah yeah

Cartier shades on too don't do fugazi
Designer all on my drip and I ain't basic
My bitch she act boujee, don't do no lame shit
Shoebox money, we stack it don't do no banking
It's getting wicked in the city, bring the fire out
I've got no feelings, I been a sinner since a damn child
I tote them semis, I tote them glizzys, that's what I'm about
I know the liquor fuck up my liver, still gon' pour it up, yeah

I got some bad habits that I can't break
Been drinkin up everyday for like six months straight
Ain't no minimum wage
Taking risks every day
EK up in the cage we don't get no breaks
Sometimes I get tired of the life that I live
Gotta keep a pistol on me
Gotta watch out through the rear
S550 tinted sliding through, looking really fierce
And my homie take 'em perkies and his arms still itch
Just the life that we live in the jungle
Goin' hard every day another rumble
Clip long 'bout the size of Mutombo
Run with that pack I could never fumble
If you want a problem I'ma let them hunt you
Dracos and you know we got them drums too
Freak hoes, that's the bitches that we run through
You a snake I could never really trust you

Cartier frames keep the shade away from me
Been up for three days let the codeine rain on me
Tryna get away, get up all this pain off me
I'm in a war zone always got that thang on me
Cartier frames keep the shade away from me
Been up for three days let the codeine rain on me
I'm tryna get away, get up all this pain off me
I'm in a war zone gotta keep that thang on me

Cartier shades on too don't do fugazi
Designer all on my drip and I ain't basic
My bitch she act boujee, don't do no lame shit
Shoebox money, we stack it don't do no banking
It's getting wicked in the city, bring the fire out
I've got no feelings, I been a sinner since a damn child
I tote them semis, I tote them glizzys, that's what I'm about
I know the liquor fuck up my liver, still gon' pour it up yeah

Still sippin' on that syrup
Police ride by and we still flick 'em birds
Glock 17, whenever I'm on the curb
If the opp push up on 'em, we gotta handle the business
Free Lil Jack and Dee, they got caught up on some bullshit
Bad bitch trippin', forgettin' that I don't need her
Vac seal bags, but they will never see the freezer
S65 all mine, no leaser
4 by 4 too tall, they can't keep up
They watching me hard on the squad tryna peep us
They try to lock me down in a cage until my leash broke
If ever I should fall off, guarantee you I won't be broke
Cops stay calm even though I'm a felon
Even at the top spot I still ain't doing no tellin'
Tryna take my dawgs farther, ain't gotta listen, I tell 'em
Plug know I'm going hard if you send them, I gotta sell 'em

Cartier shades on too don't do fugazi
Designer all on my drip and I ain't basic
My bitch she act boujee, don't do no lame shit
Shoebox money, we stack it don't do no banking
It's getting wicked in the city, bring the fire out
I've got no feelings, I been a sinner since a damn child
I talk them semis, I talk them glizzys, that's what I'm about
I know the liquor fuck up my liver, still gon' pour it up yeahWe're making this bust together
You're taking my mind off of the pressure
I'm gone with the wind, high like a feather
Your love is like codeine

Girl, I get stoned on you
Rubbing my bones on you
Nothing else burns like you
Ripping my shirt off you

There's something about the way you shiver
Even in the morning
Girl, I get stoned
And I'll take a bullet for you right now
Just to keep you in my lungs

Girl, I get stoned on you
Rubbing my bones on you
Nothing else burns like you (oh)
Ripping my shirt off you (oh yeah)

My fingertips
On your lips
My racing hands
Down your hips
Ohh, ohh, ohh, ohh

Girl, I get stoned on you
Rubbing my bones on you (yeah)
Nothing else burns like you do
Oh Lord, I get stoned on you, oh
Stoned!
Girl, I get stoned on you
Rubbing my bones on you (rubbing my bones on you, oh)
Nothing else burns like you (nothing ever burns like you)
Ripping my shirt off you

Oh, you get me so stoned
Out of my mind
Out of my mind
Out of my mindI put spikes around my jacket and I'm strapped up with the ratchet
I'm chasin' after paper, I became a savage
My nigga set my nigga up, the game is full of madness
Sometimes I wanna get inside the Escalade and crash it
My pain runnin' deeper than the ocean
My pain runnin' deeper than the ocean
My pain runnin' deeper than the ocean
Pain runnin' deeper than the ocean

Leather jackets, no motorcycle
I'm spiked up like a bad drink
9 to 3, that good supreme
With all the stress to blow a gas tank
I work hard and it came out
I turnt up and turnt ya bitch out
Then I went from dead broke to layin' up in a penthouse
There are no secrets when you leakin'
I woke up this evenin'
And I seen a demon
I'm on that pure codeine and
Tryna clear my thoughts
Niggas mourn for my pain
All they see is fame and what it bring
I paid dues, graduated from finesse school
I showed and proved, I never lose
I'm too smart, I should've went to Harvard
Drinking out the bottle, holdin' my revolver

I put spikes around my jacket and I'm strapped up with the ratchet
I'm chasin' after paper, I became a savage
My nigga set my nigga up, the game is full of madness
Sometimes I wanna get inside the Escalade and crash it
My pain runnin' deeper than the ocean
My pain runnin' deeper than the ocean
My pain runnin' deeper than the ocean
Pain runnin' deeper than the ocean

Takin' three drugs at one time, duckin' one time
Can you niggas stop hating on Future for one time?
I commit a million crimes
That ain't enough for you
I'mma sell a million rhymes
All that shit I been through
I was grindin' hard
Niggas tried to hold me back
They ain't wanna see me with the plug
They ain't wanna see with the sack
I got it
It worked out
I kept loyal
I set standards
Now I'm royal
Niggas tried to take some paper
Now he gotta take his life
Till we get the screaming
I can't sleep right
Niggas'll put a hit on your head
Now you walkin' around with a price
Nigga ain't make it to see it
Im gon' be alright

I put spikes around my jacket and I'm strapped up with the ratchet
I'm chasin' after paper, I became a savage
My nigga set my nigga up, the game is full of madness
Sometimes I wanna get inside the Escalade and crash it
My pain runnin' deeper than the ocean
My pain runnin' deeper than the ocean
My pain runnin' deeper than the ocean
Pain runnin' deeper than the oceanJ.U.S.T.I.C.E. League

Every time I go, they keep tellin' me "No" (Uh-uh)
And life's travelin' fast all around you, whispers about my past
I could tell you anything I want
But I'd rather rewrite my wrongs if I'm allowed to
So let me know if you can trust me (One time)
If you can trust me, then trust me
If you can trust me, baby, oh
If you can trust me (Oh, no), then trust me, yeah (Ha)

This your moment, baby, I'm just trying not to miss it
You just gotta keep it one hunnid with all your bitches
Tell 'em that you fuckin' with a thug who got a pistol
That sip codeine and made a quarter-million off of chickens
But you know every boy gotta man up
And what's the point of fuckin' if we can't love?
I want her, she's mine
I know I broke her heart now, now I understand her
I know that she wanna forgive, but I know better, she'll never forget it
All of the people that's all in her head, wish she could make up her mind with decisions
Already heard that she fucked with a player, told me she never would fuck with a player
Even when I was that nigga in jail, one visitation but never no mail

Every time I go, they keep tellin' me "No" (Uh-uh)
And life's travelin' fast all around you, whispers about my past
I could tell you anything I want
But I'd rather rewrite my wrongs if I'm allowed to
So let me know if you can trust me (One time)
If you can trust me, then trust me
If you can trust me, baby, oh
If you can trust me (Oh, no), then trust me, yeahSmou7at 3la ga3 dakchi li daz
7Awlt ntbeddel 7awelt nkoun wa7d khor
Walakin l9it belli b ga3 had l'atmosphère
Manzidch b 7yati l 9ddam
Anzid naghtes f bir li manzidch ntle3 meno
Smou7at 7it ghanmchi, nbeddel 7yati men jdid
Ymken rje3 ymken marje3ch
Mabghitch nchof li 9rab kayt3dbo b sbabi gdam 3inya
Smou7at, 7it ghanmchi bach rje3 wa7d khor
El Grande Toto

Hijo de puta b9a 7adini
Jit men lor w 7kemtha bzez mate7tarem wakha tkon 9dem men Maldini
Mamtaba9ha 3lya ta 9ndou7
Makankhaf men ghir Rebi w li waldini
El Grande Toto, Makeveli
Dareb Codéine f nsasat lil, gha khellih kho bla matsowlo 3lach mabli
Ch7al men wa7d diye3 we9to 3la 9ebli
Ch7al men 9ard d7ek f wejhi dfel lya f dahri
Ch7al men sata galt lya 3omri ya 3omri
Tlebtha 7alal w hya tam3a f Napoli
Mimti ghadi ndir la mula gha sebri
Nti li sabrali 3la hbali men soghri
Ch7al nowdna lbelbala m3a Mehdi w Soufiane
W bla mansaw Redouan w Hisham Raje3i
Sghar 3refna tri9 lbeznas, bsbab din mo nes 3chrani f west l7bas
B dmou3i kanwchem f texte, ok
Whisky sans glace west lkass, ok
Haykali ghadi w kaytssass b droga droga droga, b 9ellet n3as
W b 9ellet n3as welina kanbano moumia2 west nas

Oui oui oui
Oui oui oui, moumia2 west nas
Oui oui oui, moumia2 west nas
Oui oui oui, moumia2 west nas
W b 9ellet n3as welina kanbano moumia2 west nas
Oui oui oui

Mama mama mamamia, machi lKhatri la mawsltch l kolya
Gals face l gamra, nayda fawda 9asdin rawda lmontif bin yeddya
Khouya la khrejna njibo devise 3ref beli tfou9rat l9adya
Khouya la tle3na clandistino, 3ref beli Milano bin 3inya
Sem7ili mama ila ghebt 3lik ch7al men lila 3la wed money
Sem7ili mama ila khrejt weld l7ram w bekri kherjo grouni
Sme7lya baba 7it khellit l'marine w cheddit l'cro-mi
Sem7ouli 7babi 7it maghanzga ta ghaykounou all eyes on me
Maghanzga ta ghaykounou all eyes on me
Maghanzga ta ghaykounou all eyes on me

2.7/0.5/2016, cheft jahannam gdam 3ini zgaltha b chwya
Men dak nhar j9amtha b yedi, zra3tha b galbi golt adios l koulya
Khelaha Zrireq Casa bla n9a fin jat dinmha chi byoudya
Ma9rina ma drina gha kmina, trebbina 3la sgo3ya
7esboni msetti mni chafoni kanchte7 west zna9i 7esboni mfedi
7it la7t lmo9arrar w 9sedt l'mic
9lil li kan m3aya bezzaf kano deddi
La ma9rawch wlad derbi 7it l mo3lim kan mo3adi
Aweddi aweddi ghir kan3diw
De9t l7chich mni bak kan 9ddé
7alef tanjib Jackpot wakha nsali f tabout b7al 2Pac Shakur
3téni ghir l'mic w la mulla la familla khelik che3wada w s7our
F soghri semawni Casper, 3liha fl'Ado khrejt lihoum msskoun
3ini mhabtin rideau
F Jackson Cockcroft f blast lmal7oun
Ghi rta7 ghi rta7 ghi rta7
Ghi rta7 b9iti baki baki baki baki
Madrebtich tamara li dreb lfella7
F khater Mounis critical m3a mil'Ka fel coulisse
Wer9a stylo Bic italique est  la police
Ghanb9a dima 7me9 dima barhouch la tle3tlk frassk goul lmok tjib lbolis

Mama mama mamamia, machi lkhatri la mawsltch l kolya
Gals face l gamra, nayda fawda 9asdin rawda lmontif bin yeddya
Khouya la khrejna njibo devise 3ref beli tfou9rat l9adya
Khouya la tle3na clandistino, 3ref beli Milano bin 3inya
Sem7ili mama ila ghebt 3lik ch7al men lila 3la wed money
Sem7ili mama ila khrejt weld l7ram w bekri kherjo grouni
Sme7lya baba 7it khellit l'marine w cheddit l'cro-mi
Sem7ouli 7babi 7it maghanzga ta ghaykounou all eyes on me
Maghanzga ta ghaykounou all eyes on me
Maghanzga ta ghaykounou all eyes on me

3eddel chi saroukh  kherdali
Smooki smooki 3la lghdayd tal sba7
My nigga, gdam dar merco esselé
 margella caramella
F l'pocket pocket dmaghi dmaghi ga3 fucked up
Mriski rou7i khelik gha f starter
7yati godfather machi hangover
7alef tanjib mouka, kolchi ghaytsauva
Koulchi ghaytsauva my nigga
Ghaytsauva my nigga
Ghansauvi l'famila my nigga
Ghansauvi l'famila
W koulchi ghaytsauva my nigga
Ghansauvi l'famila my nigga
Ghansauvi l'famila
9awdoha partie 5 kolchi ghaytsota my nigga
Bnj city block ghatfeny ga3 l mra3id my nigga
7alef tanjib mouka, kolchi ghaytsauva
7alef tanjib mouka, kolchi ghaytsauva, niggaYeah, I know that I'm winnin'
I'm winnin', I'm winnin', I'm winnin' (Wow)
Yeah, yeah, uh, I know that I'm winnin', I'm winnin' (Dos)
I'm winnin', I'm winnin', yeah
(Mustard on the beat, ho)

Yeah, I'm rare, I'm rare
I'm rare (This shit hard), I'm rare
I'm rare, I'm rare
I'm rare, I'm rare

Like a two-dollar bill
Like a two-dollar bill
Like a two-dollar bill
Like a two-dollar bill
I'm rare, I'm rare
I'm rare, I'm rare
I'm rare (Rare), I'm rare (Rare)
I'm rare (Yeah), I'm rare (Uh)

Spit cold shit, need Mucinex
Diamond chain 'round my neck with the crucifix
Got a family now so I gotta pipe down
'Fore a young ho fuck up my timeline
I wear my shades at night like Corey Hart
Stopped trappin' and the plug say I broke his heart
On a seafood diet, I don't fuck with pork
Foreign my safe drive, I got a lot of torque
Trap check, check, one two
She wanna split, dip, fondue
Shinin', I'm in the sunroom
Life a bitch so you better use a condom
I'm rare like a nigga that's loyal
I'm rare like a girl with me that ain't spoiled
I'm rare like Mr. Clean with hair
Yeah, I'm rare, uh

Like a two-dollar bill
Like a two-dollar bill
Like a two-dollar bill
Like a two-dollar bill
I'm rare, I'm rare
I'm rare (Rare), I'm rare (Yeah)
I'm rare (Yeah), I'm rare (Yeah)
I'm rare (Yeah, yeah), I'm rare (Uh)

I'm rare, I promise, I swear
I'm high, mid-air, don't vomit up here
Like the 13th floor, fuck it, I'ma take the stairs
Like what 2 Chainz wears, shit's from Rio de Janeiro
I'm rare, like a commercial with Future and Cher
Like a cop that's fair, like a triple-double dare
I'm rare, really rare, you scared, you really scared
I'm where? I'm here and there, you stare, you disappear
Oh, yeah, that's really real, that flare, them semis tear
That trigger softer than hair, silencer's hearing-impaired
That's rare, shoot up a fair, that's rare, my goons don't care
They bears, might get the chair, who cares? They say their prayers
Oh yeah, the claps drop, I'm rare as Sasquatch
Get spared, trap house, codeine, mascot
I chill where it's hot, Brazil, backdrop, I'm real
Her ass not, I'm rare, Tunechi

Like a two-dollar bill (Mula)
Like a two-dollar bill (That's Mula)
Like a two-dollar bill (That's rare)
Like a two-dollar bill (That's rare)
I'm rare (I'm rare), I'm rare (I'm rare)
I'm rare (I'm rare), I'm rare (I'm rare)
I'm rare (I'm rare), I'm rare (I'm rare)
I'm rare (I'm rare), I'm rare (I'm rare)

Rare like real niggas, rare like 12 figures
Rare like wagu steak, rare like 88 Polaroid pictures
My bite is stronger than my bark, this shit like dog park
Treat a Bugatti just like a fuckin' go-kart (kart)
'Bout my business and my soil is my witness
Only fuck with real niggas, them fake niggas, I have to diss 'em
Fuck with 'em from a distance, I'm a tycoon
Hella sharks in this business, stay with a harpoon
I got game like Donald Goines
Start-up companies, cryptocurrency coins
Like a bicentennial quarter, I'm hella rare (Hella rare)
I've been hustlin' since I was in daycare (Daycare)
Now I'm a mothafuckin' millionaire (Millionaire)
Money longer than Diana Ross hair (Ross hair)
I'm rare like white running backs, these squares a box of Apple Jacks
I'm an innovator, a trend-setter, far from a copycat
I don't rap like none of you niggas, I'm one-of-one (One-of-one)
The baddest bitch in the world could suck my dick and I bet I won't cum, bitch

Like a two-dollar bill (I'm rare, I'm rare)
Like a two-dollar bill (I'm rare, I'm rare)
Like a two-dollar bill (I'm rare, I'm rare)
Like a two-dollar bill (Bitch)
I'm rare, I'm rare
I'm rare (Rare), I'm rare (Rare)
I'm rare (Rare), I'm rare (Rare)
I'm rare (Yeah), I'm rare (Uh)

I'm rare (I'm rare), I'm rare (I'm rare)
I'm rare (I'm rare), I'm rare (I'm rare)
I'm rare (I'm rare), I'm rare (I'm rare)
I'm rare (I'm rare), I'm rare (I'm rare)
I'm rare (I'm rare), I'm rare (I'm rare)
I'm rare (I'm rare), I'm rare (I'm rare)Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
I just pulled up in a wow (wow)
Then I pulled off in a wow (wow)
Hit your bitch up in a wow (wow)
Then she suck me up like wow (wow)
21, Wow
21, Wow
21, Wow
21, Wow
21, Wow
21, Wow
21, Wow
21, Wow
Thumbing through that check wow (wow)
Thumbing through that shit like wow (ow)
I just spent that shit like wow (wow)
Then I got it back like wow (wow)

I just fucked your bitch like wow (wow)
Let me nut all on her blouse (blouse)
Twenty thousand wow (wow)
Fifty thousand wow (wow wow)
Pull up on your pussy ass and drop the window, blowow (Blowow)
Bitch you know I'm high, you know I be high
Why you pouring all that codeine in that sprite, why (21)
Xanax bars, percocets, and lortabs, why (21)
All these damn drugs make me feel like I can fly (yeah)
Bitch my name ain't Plies, I dare a nigga to try (21 21)
I told that bitch keep it pushing cause her pussy dry (21)
I'm slaughter gang bitch your hair smell like old fries (bitch)
In my pocket I got none but them old guys (lil' bitch)
Stankin' ass bitch, You know I do this shit 21 (21)

Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
I just pulled up in a wow (wow)
Then I pulled off in a wow (wow)
Hit your bitch up in a wow (wow)
Then she suck me up like wow (wow)
21, Wow
21, Wow
21, Wow
21, Wow
21, Wow
21, Wow
21, Wow
21, Wow

Skrt, Skrt, Skrt, Skrt
Got it right back (21)
Fucked your hoe then I gave that bitch right back (What)
Ran off with your money told you I be right back (What)
You pull down in the wrong 'partments with that nice check (21)
Young savage on that slaughter gang shit(shit, shit)
All my niggas on that slaughter gang shit (Slaughter your daughter)
Slaughter your daughter and slaughter your bitch and then slaughter your clique (21 21)
Pull up in the 'parments with that jewelry you get hit (Ploah)
I got a stripper but I call that bitch a dancer (a dancer)
Man these bitches ain't got no standards (no standards)
Broke ass bitch I heard you getting TANF
And Young savage in this bitch hey roll that gas up (hey roll that gas up)
I'm trapping, capping, niggas still getting guap (guap)
She licking, spitting, lick all on the cock (the cock)
I pull up to valet and then I drop the top (21)
If you wanna ride with me you gotta be topless

Shawty gonna turn it around and drop it to the floor
Nigga like whoa (got a nigga like whoa)
Got a nigga like whoa (She got a nigga like whoa)
Like wow (like wow)
She turn around and had me like wow (like wow)
I'm throwing ones nigga like wow
Ten thousand like wow (like wow)
Another ten like wow (like wow)
She had a nigga like wow (she had a nigga like wow)
God damn baby wow
Wow, wow, wow, wow
Wow, wow

Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
Wow, Wow
I just pulled up in a wow (wow)
Then I pulled off in a wow (wow)
Hit your bitch up in a wow (wow)
Then she suck me up like wow (wow)
21, Wow
21, Wow
21, Wow
21, Wow
21, Wow
21, Wow
21, Wow
21, WowI can take one percocet, start tonight off, I just took a 60
Burberry on me, shoot you in your back, you just got Pretty Ricky
I tie the Chanel runners and I get back to running the city
And I know that it's hell coming, I ain't worried, my niggas, they with me
Gotta put the narcotics down, I can feel 'em fucking up my kidney
And punching my liver, if I let it kill me
My momma will never forgive me
Ain't numbing my feelings, if I let it kill 'em
My baby will never forgive me
This remind me of hell, sometimes I wonder if that's where God really sent me

Hands up in the fire, burn, burn, burn, burn
Hands up in the fire, burn, burn, burn, burn
I pray to God for some water, to wash down these percs
I been cursed since birth, guess I never learn
Hands up in the fire, burn, burn, burn, burn
Hands up in the fire, burn, burn, burn, burn
I pray to God for some water, to wash down these percs
I been cursed since birth, guess I never learn

The truth hurts, let it bleed out
If they hurt you, let 'em leave
My heart hurtin', let me bleed out, only way I'll find peace
I'm tryna get set free, but, these chains on me
Choke me, I can't breathe
What's reality?
Uh, detached from myself, uh huh, numb the pain with my wealth
Uh, a bag from Chanel, match the double C on my belt, uh
Bands in my pants, I barely be holdin' my pants up
But the money ain't the answer
I was tryna reach some new highs
Mix this with that, bet it feel nice
Codeine, only sip if I got ice
Look my girl in her eyes, tell her I won't die
I fell asleep too deep that one time
Woke up to your cry, girl I'm fine
But I lied, in the dream, I wasn't gon' wake up this time

Hands up in the fire, burn, burn, burn, burn
Hands up in the fire, burn, burn, burn, burn
I pray to God for some water, to wash down these percs
I been cursed since birth, guess I never learn
Hands up in the fire, burn, burn, burn, burn
Hands up in the fire, burn, burn, burn, burn
I pray to God for some water, to wash down these percs
I been cursed since birth, guess I never learnLet's pray for the people that we just lost (Yeah)
Goddammit! Say...
Woo, woah
Oh

Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job (What?)
Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job
Pistol on my side, leave a nigga on his side (What? What?)
Mr. Always High, but nigga, you can call me "Slime"(What? What?)

Drippin' Evian, Fiji, I'm a water slide (Weezy)
Pockets fatter than a greedy nigga on a diet (Damn)
Nina on my side, but she say you can call her "Nine" (Damn)
Divas on my side, so many they could form a line (Yeah)
Strippers on my side and I got 'em performin' live (Yeah)
Hot girl in the bed and she prefer the warmer side
Pistol on my side, I'm talkin' 'bout the Army kind
Cita, that's my moms, only had her and father time (Come on)
Pistol on my side, you don't wanna hear it harmonize (Say what?)
Numbers don't lie, the Number One Stun— never mind (Goddamn)
Tunechi in this bitch, eyes lookin' like Konnichiwa (What?)
Swizzy on the beat, I'ma beat it like policía (What? Goddamn)
Brr, brr, brr, man the Uzi needs speech lessons (Ayy)
Pistol in my briefs, you don't wanna get this brief message
Here we go
Oh, oh, y'all think it's a game? Damn (Yeah)

Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job (Let's work)
Pistol on my side, leave a nigga on his side (What? Oh)
Pistol on my side, talkin' 'bout the Army kind (Showtime's back)
Pistol on my side, leave a nigga on his side (Showtime)

Swizzy on the beat, I beat your ass like policía (Showtime)
Tunechi in this bitch, eyes looking like Konnichiwa (Woo)
Pistol on my side, you don't want that thing to scream at ya (Oh)
Laughin' when you die, boy, my pistol a comedian (Brr)
Pistol on my side, now he lyin' like the media (Work)
Clips longer than encyclopedias, you're readin' 'em (Woo)
Double barrel, long barrel, short barrel, medium (Brr)
We ain't hittin' licks, we beatin' 'em and then repeatin' 'em (Come on)
Sugar in the coffee, sugar in the Morphine
Sugar sweet codeine, it ain't purple, then I'm barfing
Gang ride or die, like we sittin' on Harley's (Rrrt)
Let the thing talk like it's sittin' on Maury (Brrr)
Good, good, too good, in my doobie, I can't be stressin' (Brrr)
Ugh, ugh, ugh, that bitch moody, you may leave a message
Plll-plll-plll to his chest, give him three presses
Pistol in my briefs, you don't wanna get this brief message
(Here we go, Weezy)

Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job (Oh)
Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job
Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job
Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job
Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job
Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job
Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job
Pistol on my side, trigger finger on the job(Yo, Ayo)

High off ecstasy and that codeine what I'm sippin' (What I'm sippin')
This new Glock got thirty-three, Scottie Pippen (Scottie Pippen)
Bitch, all of my niggas bangin' C's like we Crippin' (Like we Crippin')
Girl, you got what I need, what I been missing (What I'm missing)
Let's take that chance, want you to see that I'm different (Oh)
Back then, tryna find myself, I couldn't believe how I was trippin' (Oh)
No neighbors in the mountains, palm trees, that's how I'm living (That's how I'm living)
Every time that I pop out, bustdown VVs, designer drippin' (Designer drippin')

Bitch, I'm from Chiraq, when it get hot, they bring them TECs out
Better watch your back or you'll be on that corner stretched out
Quick to change a nigga standin' tall with his chest out
And they like headshots, it won't make sense to bring a vest out
Shit be devastatin', you find out your homie checked out
Parents lose control, don't know her daughter havin' sex now
Niggas hatin', I'm gettin' paper, that's what they pressed 'bout
Went down the wrong path, switched it up and chose the best route
I ain't used to have it all, I used to feel left out
'Member I was broke, ain't have a dollar, I was stressed out
Now I'm tryna get richer, like Blast, let's bring the jets out
Bitch, I need like ten bathrooms up in my next house

High off ecstasy and that codeine what I'm sippin'
This new Glock got thirty-three, Scottie Pippen
Bitch, all of my niggas bangin' C's like we Crippin'
Girl, you got what I need, what I been missing
Let's take that chance, want you to see that I'm different
Back then, tryna find myself, I couldn't believe how I was trippin'
No neighbors in the mountains, palm trees, that's how I'm living
Every time that I pop out, bustdown VVs, designer drippin'

Got a baby 40 with a new extended clip inside
For any problem, bitch, it's twenty-two up in this clip of mine
My peoples lookin' up to me, so no, I can't be victimized
I got so much pent-up anger, I just wish a nigga tried
You gon' die before you blink, yeah, that's gon' be a quick demise
The world be so fucked up, that shit'll have you sick and tired
You can't even post a picture without being criticized
Was broke, but now I'm living everything I used to visualize
Thinking 'bout them stories, still don't make sense how my niggas died
That shit still haunt me to this day, them L's hurt a nigga pride
How both of the twins leave? Why one of them didn't survive?
Still want that point for Gucci, look his killer in his eyes
My bad I never scored for y'all, but at least a nigga tried
Walking through the opp shit with my Wesson, I couldn't get a ride
I gotta run through a check for every tear a nigga cried
Gon' make my mark up in this shit, make sure my spot solidified

High off ecstasy and that codeine what I'm sippin' (What I'm sippin')
This new Glock got thirty-three, Scottie Pippen (Scottie Pippen)
Bitch, all of my niggas bangin' C's like we Crippin' (Like we Crippin')
Girl, you got what I need, what I been missing (What I'm missing)
Let's take that chance, want you to see that I'm different (Oh)
Back then, tryna find myself, I couldn't believe how I was trippin' (Oh)
No neighbors in the mountains, palm trees, that's how I'm living (That's how I'm living)
Every time that I pop out, bustdown VVs, designer drippin' (Designer drippin')Je prends de la bonne beuh et de l'alcool
Je peux appeler des filles à n'importe quelle heure
Mais qu'est-ce que je ferais sans vous toutes
Je vais vivre la grande vie jusqu'au jour de ma mort
Ouais, tant que ces femmes m'aimeront (ouais, ouais)
J'en ai rien à foutre de ces rageux
Tant que ces femmes m'adorent
J'en ai rien à foutre de ces négros
Tant que ces femmes m'adorent

Uh, les rageux arrêtez de me haïr
Car Tunechi est chaud comme la braise
Et ces salopes m'aiment comme si j'étais Satan, meeeec!
Tu me cherches et tu finiras à la morgue
Tout ce qu'elle mange c'est des bites
Elle fait un régîme draconien, ça c'est bien ma meuf
Sans maquillage c'est une bombe
Et quand il s'agît de sexe
Elle est bien meilleur que Karrine
Elle ne cherche pas l'argent
Tout ce qu'elle veux c'est passer du bon temps avec moi
Elle me dit "J'ai vraiment besoin de quelqu'un
Dis-moi que tu es cette personne
Meuf, je fais l'amour à qui je veux et j'nique celles que j'veux pas me faire
J'ai le plus grand taux de crédit, c'est pour le filet mignon
Elle me dit "Je ne veux pas t'énerver
Je veux juste que tu soit fière de moi”
J'ai dit “Bébé fait moi juste jouir
Et ne fait plus un bruit”


Le vrai mec emmerde les rageux
Ces putes ont une chatte aussi profonde qu'un cratère
Donc je ne peux les traiter comme des femmes, meeeec!
Chattes, argent, beuh, codéine
Elle me dit que ma bite est comparable à de la morphine
J'espère que mon nom à le goût de sardines pour ces mecs
Elle se réveille, suce ma bite
Tu peux appeler ça le petit dèj' au lit, 69 ou 96
Je peux sentir son cœur battre, poitrine contre poitrine avec cette meuf
Maintenant tournes-toi, tête contre sol, j'suis en train d'arrêter cette meuf
Toutes mes groupies m'aiment, et j'aime toutes mes groupies
Mais dès que j'éjacule, mon bon sens me revient
J'aurais bien dit leurs nom
Mais ce ne serai que balancer
Et ces rageux essayent de me mettre K.O
Mais ils ne peuvent me faire me lever de mon trône
Mec!

 (x2)
J'ai perdu quelques meufs
Mais j'en ai rencontré beaucoup plus
J'enseigne le rap à ces jeunes mecs
Donc posons pour la photo de classe
Maintenant, allez vous faire foutre les rageux
Je reçois le cul pendant que je skateFlexin' on you, I'm your father (Ayy)
Choppa spittin' loogies like a motherfuckin' Llama (Ayy)
Got the big racks on me, bitch, I'm thumbin' through them commas
Presidential Rollie got me feelin' like Obama (Woo)
Blew up big, got me feelin' like Osama
Pussy rappin' 'bout that choppa, bitch, you know I keep a Yoppa (Yeah)
Know I keep a Yoppa, bitch, you know I keep a Yoppa
Know I tote that Yoppa, bitch, you know I keep a Yoppa, keep a Yoppa (Yeah)

Keep it on me, it stay on me at all times
Don't sleep on me, don't speak on me, it's suicide
Aim it at your brain, it's insane how them slugs fly
Codeine purple rain, is this what it means when doves cry?
Never leave my piece, .40 under the seat
Protect my family 'cause I don't trust the police now
Love my choppa and I know she loves me
Ain't no safety 'cause it got the lemon squeeze

Don't even try
You ain't 'bout that life
You ain't ready to die
Choppa tell the truth, it expose your life

Flexin' on you, I'm your father (Ayy, father)
Choppa spittin' loogies like a motherfuckin' Llama (Ayy)
Got the big racks on me, bitch, I'm thumbin' through them commas
Presidential Rollie got me feelin' like Obama (Yeah)
Blew up big, got me feelin' like Osama
Pussy rappin' 'bout that choppa, bitch, you know I keep a Yoppa (Yeah)
Know I keep a Yoppa, bitch, you know I keep a Yoppa
Know I tote that Yoppa, bitch, you know I keep a Yoppa, keep a Yoppa (Yeah)

Know I keep a Yoppa, my nigga, I keep a choppa
If you pull it and your gun jam, sayonara, c'est la vie
Say you got a problem, my nig', so what's the problem?
It can go down right now, this slaughter
Should think smarter, should think better
And I ain't 'bout to argue with a grown ass nigga
I ain't here to play no games, give a fuck who you claim
Choppa on me, this the gang, I let it bang

Don't even try
You ain't 'bout that life
You ain't ready to die
Choppa tell the truth, it expose your life

Flexin' on you, I'm your father (Ayy)
Choppa spittin' loogies like a motherfuckin' Llama (Ayy)
Got the big racks on me, bitch, I'm thumbin' through them commas
Presidential Rollie got me feelin' like Obama (Woo)
Blew up big, got me feelin' like Osama
Pussy rappin' 'bout that choppa, bitch, you know I keep a Yoppa (Yeah)
Know I keep a Yoppa, bitch, you know I keep a Yoppa
Know I tote that Yoppa, bitch, you know I keep a Yoppa, keep a Yoppa (Yeah)Yeah (Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy)
​beartrap sound

I'ma pour up, sip that Houston, Texas with some soda
Candy Apple Faygo paint Mercedes
Flex on all my exes like, "Hey ladies, hey ladies"
Hey girl, what's up, I'ma pour this drink up with some soda
Candy Apple Faygo paint Mercedes
Flex on all my exes like, "Hey ladies"
Hey girl, what's up

What's up, can I get an ice cup?
Soda screwed up, the right stuff
Purple rain, love, I like mud
Big mo, po'd up, no scrub
I'm the president of the drank club
Pharmacist's line, want new plug
Dimepiece wanna rub my nut
Strapped with a rubber, no glove, no love
Take her to the bathtub, then undress
Pour codeine all over your chest
Let me confess, take you on a quest
On a life on the west and I come from Tex'
Sippin' on a cup to relieve stress
When you're with me, it's always the best
I make all the rest seem like a pest
But there's only one Paul Wall I guess
Candy Apple Faygo
With a trade poll
Cost me about 4k pesos
​blackbear came through with a J-Lo
My day one, booty softer than Play-Doh
Lay low as I pour up slow
Stay true, I never fold
Game cold, that thing is swole
Don't mind me, I'm getting thrown

I'ma pour up, sip that Houston, Texas with some soda
Candy Apple Faygo paint Mercedes
Flex on all my exes like, "Hey ladies, hey ladies"
Hey girl, what's up, I'ma pour this drink up with some soda
Candy Apple Faygo paint Mercedes
Flex on all my exes like, "Hey ladies"
Hey girl, what's up

I'ma show up, show up
Hypnotic with the Henny paint marauder
Call me daddy, you would think that bitch my daughter
She my accessory, you know that I'ma flaunt her
That bitch so bad that you would think that she a Jenner
Tell these hoes that I ain't really 'bout that drama
Got less money, got a count, it's just the counter
Look at the tags, how many lay down per bag
When I'm feelin' sad, I just start countin' my cash
My gang is rad

I'ma pour up, sip that Houston, Texas with some soda
Candy Apple Faygo paint Mercedes
Flex on all my exes like, "Hey ladies, hey ladies"
Hey girl, what's up, I'ma pour this drink up with some soda
Candy Apple Faygo paint Mercedes
Flex on all my exes like, "Hey ladies"
Hey girl, what's up

I don't know what they callin' for
Sippin' drank outside of Baltimore
Got me a house way out the Sugarland
Sippin' codeine, I forgot my plans
Purple stains over my Robin pants
Hand full of Jack, got me feeling like Billie Jean
I pour the four in the promethazine
Pull up on the scene with a crease in my jeans
There's a kid in matte back, MCM backpack
Sippin' codeine, I forgot my plans
There's a kid matte back, MCM backpack
Sippin' codeine, I forgot my plans
Purple stains over my Robin pants
Hand full of Jack, got me feeling like Billie Jean
I pour the four in the promethazine
Pull up on the scene with a crease in my jeans

I'ma pour up, sip that Houston, Texas with some soda
Candy Apple Faygo paint Mercedes
Flex on all my exes like, "Hey ladies, hey ladies"
Hey girl, what's up, I'ma pour this drink up with some soda
Candy Apple Faygo paint Mercedes
Flex on all my exes like, "Hey ladies"
Hey girl, what's up

I don't know what they callin' for
Sippin' drink outside of Baltimore
Got me a house way out the Sugarland
Sippin' codeine, I forgot my plans
I don't know what they callin' for
Sippin' drink outside of Baltimore
Got me a house way out the Sugarland
Sippin' codeine, I forgot my plans"Ayy, turn the music up for me, Chris!"
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah
I found my closure, lost my composure
High 'til it's over, ain't over 'til it's over

Count the winnings (Huh, yeah), fuck up out your feelings (Yeah)
Get to the millions (Huh, yeah), fuck up out your feelings (Yeah)
Dawg these bitches (Huh, ya dig), fuck up out your feelings (Yeah)
And don't forget to get high (Huh), live life with no ceilings (Yeah)
Getting high to get by, watch my friends die (Uh, huh)
See 'em in the distance (Damn), you gotta be kidding (Damn)
Getting high to get by, watch my friends die (Huh)
See 'em in the distance (Damn), you gotta be kidding (Uh)

The world's gettin' colder, friends die young
Don't believe in older, they all die young
My heartbeat is slower, codeine sipper
No, I'm not a poser, I'm a power tripper
Yeah, I got so high that I ain't never come back
Yeah, I ran the train to get her on the right track, yeah
That's your bitch? Nigga, how do you like that?
Don't worry 'bout it, we'll send her right back

(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Woah, woah, woah, just got that colder
The world on my shoulders
I'll keep my composure
Just to find some closure

Count the winnings (Huh, yeah), fuck up out your feelings (Yeah)
Get to the millions (Huh, yeah), fuck up out your feelings (Yeah)
Dawg these bitches (Huh, ya dig), fuck up out your feelings (Yeah)
And don't forget to get high (Huh), live life with no ceilings (Yeah)
Getting high to get by, watch my friends die (Uh, huh)
See 'em in the distance (Damn), you gotta be kidding (Damn)
Getting high to get by, watch my friends die (Huh)
See 'em in the distance (Damn), you gotta be kidding (Uh)

Yeah, this gon' be a hard pill to swallow
But you may not live to see tomorrow
So don't just sit here in your sorrows
Look for some happiness, here, you could borrow some
And here goes some Codeine, it cost a car note
Don't sip it and drive, you'll crash the Murciélago
Then you may die before sunrise
That mean you ain't live to see tomorrow, I said so

(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Woah, woah, woah, just got that colder
The world on my shoulders
I'll keep my composure
Just to find some closure

Count the winnings (Huh, yeah), fuck up out your feelings (Yeah)
Get to the millions (Huh, yeah), fuck up out your feelings (Yeah)
Dawg these bitches (Huh, ya dig), fuck up out your feelings (Yeah)
And don't forget to get high (Huh), live life with no ceilings (Yeah)
Getting high to get by, watch my friends die (Uh, huh)
See 'em in the distance (Damn), you gotta be kidding (Damn)
Getting high to get by, watch my friends die (Huh)
See 'em in the distance (Damn), you gotta be kidding (Uh)Turn up the headphones quite a bit
We in Paris with this shit, ya know I'm sayin'?
Yes, sir
Rest in peace my brother Paris Brown, nah mean?

Lightning strike after dark
What's the price? Up the bar
Used to fight, the streets is harsh
I wasn't right, locked behind bars
Stealing the cars, servin' the narcs
The money I gain, all for the art
Whole lot of pain, black in my heart
I know she ashamed, I broke her heart

Shit got real just a week ago (Real)
My dog got killed just a week ago (Killed)
He was in the field, that's just how it go (Field)
Picking cotton out the field, that's just how it go (Field)
Mind twisted and I'm thinking about the shit I lost (Mind twist)
Shit wicked, how your brother be done took you off (Shit wicked)
He a boss, but he wanna be the bigger boss (Bigger boss)
I'm a menace, I'm on codeine, I can't get up off (Codeine)
They think I'm perfect 'cause the fame and I got plenty flaws (Perfect)
Got a bigger vault, let the ciggy talk (Hey)
The whole city talk when I pull the titties out (Skrrt)
Watching Mickey Mouse now you gotta kill a mouse

Lightning strike after dark
What's the price? Up the bar
Used to fight, the streets is harsh
I wasn't right, locked behind bars
Stealing the cars, servin' the narcs
The money I gain, all for the art
Whole lot of pain, black in my heart
I know she ashamed, I broke her heart

I get bread by the loaf (Bread)
Bought a Lamb, bought a boat (Lamb)
Cookin' up a chicken, wash my hand off with soap (Soap)
He done took the stand, they gonna kill him down the road (He told)
MacBook Pro, how I bend over your ho (Yeah)
Make her bow down, I'm the king of this shit
Give me the crown now (Crown)
Diamond rings and they hittin' like bling-blaow (Bling-blaow)
Got you lookin' for your bitch like Juntao (Juntao)
She came off the fame, you can't do none (Fame)
You done lost your whole brain tryna prove some
(Pow-pow-pow-pow-pow) The police shoot em'
Now the black man dead, this a re-run (Ooh)
If you open up your eyes, you can see som' (Yeah)

Lightning strike after dark
What's the price? Up the bar
Used to fight, the streets is harsh
I wasn't right, locked behind bars
Stealing the cars, servin' the narcs
The money I gain, all for the art
Whole lot of pain, black in my heart
I know she ashamed, I broke her heart

Shit got real just a week ago
My dog got killed just a week ago
He was in the field, that's just how it go
Picking cotton out the field, that's just how it go
Mind twisted and I'm thinking about the shit I lost
Shit wicked, how your brother be done took you off
He a boss, but he wanna be the bigger bossThese rappers is actors, they life is in scenes
You catch me in traffic, got pipes with the beams
Got so many clips that I could make a movie
Herb got the Uzi up under the Coogi
Them niggas with you they look like some goofies
Don't try to rob me you gon' have to shoot me

Nigga try to rob me?
That'll never happen keep my Smith & Wesson hollows to his chest and someone call a reverend taught that boy a lesson here come 9/11
Stand right over him and check if you ain't check him
4 nickel jams, damn he caught a blessin'
Better not come through flexin' all my niggas reckless
If you lookin' for us, just pull up on Essex

I trap on the corner no matter the weather
A stack for the sweater, I trap in Margielas
Shooters they with me they pack a Beretta
She let me fuck from the back when I met her
That 357 will send you to heaven these niggas is tellin' my niggas is felons
My bitches dikin' like they name was Ellen
Laughin' at niggas like they name was Kevin

Aye
Codeine what I'm sippin, gas what I'm inhalin'
Posto what you smellin'
Rollin' up Dutchies in the living room, got my momma yellin
Chill out why you trippin'? Fuckin' up my session
Here a couple hunnits', go watch channel 7
Momma knew I was the man since I was 7, therefore she don't give a damn about the present

I hop on the track you could see what I'm spittin'
You niggas wouldn't believe how I'm livin'
I don't think they could take the heat in the kitchen
I pray my young niggas get freed out the prison
My block is hot, the polices is flippin'
My niggas savage don't need a religion
I see niggas oppin' then I'm going shoppin', I pop out the cut then I'm squeezin' and dippin'

Ha
And we call that completing a mission
You know everywhere we go got like 2 or 3 poles, shoot them bitches if you look suspicious

Play with me, you gon' sleep with the fishes
No them killers don't shoot from a distance
And them niggas ain't leavin' a witness
Eat up tracks, man this beat was delicious

That fuck nigga ain't gon' shoot
Niggas is cappin' they say that they savage but I ain't heard nothin' 'bout you
Ha, that fuck nigga ain't gon' shoot
They say that they trappin' they claim that they got it but I ain't heard nothin' 'bout you

Before me and Bibby had verses and show money pilin', we was just young niggas wildin'
Even though I be rappin' 'bout murders and violence, when the police come I'm silent
Louie V on my shirt and Gabanna my shades, Versace my belt I be stylin'
Yo bitch say she in love with my hot nigga verse, now she suckin' my dick for freestylin'

I'm still puttin' on for my city
Fuck niggas rappin' like Bibby
Still ride around with my glizzy
Pull up do a nigga like Ricky
Say you can't get out of this game
End up murk like Kane
Y'all niggas be lookin' like stains
Yung Berg I take a nigga chainAll I ever wanted was some Jordans and a gold chain
Now I need all thirty-six O's out the whole thing
My watch be telling me I ain't got time to play with hoes, man
All I ever wanted was some Jordans and a gold chain
Wake up in the morning feeling like we don't deserve this
Once we get it started, ain't no way you could reverse this
We do this for real, it ain't no way to rehearse this
You play 'round with mine, I fuck around and get you murked, bitch

I used to flip them things and get that change up out 'em
Young nigga done got that change
But ain't shit changed about him
I put my neck down on the line, got twenty chains around it
You ain't talking 'bout no money, we don't hear about it
Tell all your niggas we don't need the convo
I'm a have twenty hoes twerk at the condo
I been riding since the summer of '87
Crazy thing, I wasn't born till the '9 0
All of them years we was broke what I shine for
Got me separating zeros like grind for
I break a nine out the motherfucking brick with my eyes closed

All I ever wanted was some Jordans and a gold chain
Now I need all thirty-six O's out the whole thing
My watch be telling me I ain't got time to play with hoes, man
All I ever wanted was some Jordans and a gold chain
Wake up in the morning feeling like we don't deserve this
Once we get it started, ain't no way you could reverse this
We do this for real, it ain't no way to rehearse this
You play 'round with mine, I fuck around and get you murked, bitch

Snitches get stitches
I feel like you niggas some fakes and some bitches
These niggas willl tell on they partners
Just hoping the judge give a break on the sentence
Hand on the wheel, I just handle my business
And I wish Dolla Bill was living to witness
The way this lil nigga done round up them digits
Man, I got that gift like it came with ribbon
I tell these liberty bitches that I ain't switching
'Less we talking 'bout switching positions
I turn the wood to the world for my niggas
I hope that shit did make a difference
They dodge a homie cause of codeine I'm sipping
These glasses, homie, gave me Cartier vision
They hating on me, faking on me, but still I ain't tripping

All I ever wanted was some Jordans and a gold chain
Now I need all thirty-six O's out the whole thing
My watch be telling me I ain't got time to play with hoes, man
All I ever wanted was some Jordans and a gold chain
Wake up in the morning feeling like we don't deserve this
Once we get it started, ain't no way you could reverse this
We do this for real, it ain't no way to rehearse this
You play 'round with mine, I fuck around and get you murked, bitch

I turn the wood to the world for my niggas
I turn the wood to the world for my niggas
I turn the wood to the world for my
Hope that shit did make a difference

All I ever wanted was some Jordans and a gold chain
Now I need all thirty-six O's out the whole thing
My watch be telling me I ain't got time to play with hoes, man
All I ever wanted was some Jordans and a gold chain
Wake up in the morning feeling like we don't deserve this
Once we get it started, ain't no way you could reverse this
We do this for real, it ain't no way to rehearse this
You play 'round with mine, I fuck around and get you murked, bitchThat's my best friend, that's my best friend
She's so lowkey, out of the ends, yeah
Lookin' fleeky, got braids like dashiki
That's my bestie, my bestie, my best friend, yeah
In the zone now, yeah

Man, she a rider
Only see her in designer
Baddest baddest B, oh, you was behind her
She got the main line, you got the Lyca
Oh, you know my bangers from the street
Ayy (skrrr skrrr)

Catch me in the west
All of my Gs, yeah
Catch you with your hoe
Thought that she was prestige, yeah
Ahh, nigga, she been through the whole team
Ahh, she be going Future codeine, codeine crazy
Back to my lady, there's no maybe
She down for it all
All she want is the call
So I hit her up and she be on the
I hit her up and she be on the ball, be on the ball

That's my best friend, that's my best friend
She's so lowkey, out of the ends, yeah
Lookin' fleeky, got braids like dashiki
That's my bestie, my bestie, my best friend, yeah
In the zone now, yeah

Yeah, see, that's my best friend, that's my best friend
Yeah, we from the West and with them Wessons
Yeah, see, I'm two-stepping with prometh
Inside my cup, I slow my sentence
Mark my words, word to my necklace
Yeah, barking weapons, father, bless him
Yeah, I've been selling, ask them tenants
Yeah, you talking reckless? Pardon, bredrin?
I don't fold, my stance is centred
Not my bredrin, nigga, that's my best friend

That's my best friend, that's my best friend
She's so lowkey, out of the ends, yeah
Lookin' fleeky, got braids like dashiki
That's my bestie, my bestie, my best friend, yeah
In the zone now, yeah

Man, she a rider
Only see her in designer
Baddest baddest B, oh, you was behind her
She got the main line, you got the Lyca
Oh, you know my bangers from the street
Ayy (skrrr skrrr)

Yo, I came from the B, it was hard
Serving them things that were large
I've been through the battles, I'm scarred
Went and found me a plug, now I'm charged
I don't play games with these kids
I just might kick your ball out the park
I put four in the litre
My veins go all purple, it warm up my heart
You call that girl your wifey
I just call her my bestie
I tell her don't call me, just text me
Go park up your car and come sex me
My EP charted, I said fleek
Ain't sobered up in a week
Get on the stage and I fleek
We the hottest ones out on the street

That's my best friend, that's my best friend
She's so lowkey, out of the ends, yeah
Lookin' fleeky, got braids like dashiki
That's my bestie, my bestie, my best friend, yeah

Oh yeah, you know it's a mad ting
Me and my baby like 2Pac and Janet
From poetic justice
She's got the main line, Vodafone upped it
Like how they musk it
I like how them ducked it
They like how they're upset
They like to get upset
They like inter- they like interrupting
My sweetheart
I'll fly around and go meet her
Right now in my Beemer
Ride round with that beater
Kick it in the west side with the WSTRN
She even knows it's the WSTRN
So I hit the motorway and go get her, but only becuh

That's my best friend, that's my best friend
She's so lowkey, out of the ends, yeah
Lookin' fleeky, got braids like dashiki
That's my bestie, my bestie, my best friend, yeah
In the zone now, yeah

Man, she a rider
Only see her in designer
Baddest baddest B, oh, you was behind her
She got the main line, you got the Lyca
Oh, you know my bangers from the street

I'm just in my zone
WSTRN
She got the main line, you got the-
She got the main line, you got the brick phoneEmpire
Jamal, Hakeem

It's getting kinda heavy, I can't handle all the baggage
Never thought that I would have to kick another habit
Can't believe I let you get away with so much damage
Look at me
You did my heart so wrong (so wrong)
One minute you love me, the next minute you don't (you don't)
Why's it so hard let you alone? (let you alone)
Baby, I don't wanna do it no more

Because love is like a drug
And you must be the plug
Because you got me
(Trapped, trapped, trapped, trapped, trapped)
And you must be the plug (I am, I am)
(Trapped, trapped, trapped, trapped, trapped, trapped)
And you must be the plug

You codeine, you morphine
I need caffeine so I can wake up from this bad dream
Run up in the spot, give me what you got
We'll be in and out (We'll be in and out)
Baby, rockabye
Run up in the spot, give me what you got
We'll be in and out (We'll be in and out)
Baby, rockabye

Why is so hard to let you alone? (Let you alone)
Baby, I don't wanna do it no more

Because love is like a, is like a drug
And you must be the plug
Because you got me
(trapped, trapped, trapped, trapped, trapped)
And you must be the plug (gonna let you get away)
(trapped, trapped, trapped, trapped, trapped, trapped)
And you must...

I need caffeine so I can wake up from this bead dream (lets go)
I need caffeine so I can wake up from this bead dream
I need caffeine so I can wake up from this bead dream
Baby, rockabye
Baby, rockabyeMeg og mine boys, vi henger i lianer, lianer
Meg og mine boys, vi henger i li-ii-ianer, li-ii-aner
Go!
Li-iii-i
Nei, nei, nei
Du kan'ke henge med oss
Lianer
Li-iii-i
Nei, nei, nei
Du kan'ke henge med oss

Er som Mowgli på codeine
Har en tiger i senga, hun kaller meg Unge Tommy
Har noen slanger oppi min hage, og jeg klipper aldri det gresset
Prater mest med meg selv, jeg liker ikke mennesker
De er ville, de jeg henger med
Du finner oss høyt i et tre
For ingen her har høydeskrekk
Du hadde dødd hvis du så ned

Meg og mine boys, vi henger i lianer, lianer
Meg og mine boys, vi henger i li-ii-ianer, li-ii-aner
Go!
Li-iii-i
Nei, nei, nei
Du kan'ke henge med oss
Lianer
Li-iii-i
Nei, nei, nei
Du kan'ke henge med oss

Meg og mine boys, boys, boys
Meg og mine
Lia-aaa
Meg og mine boys, boys, boys

Helt amazonas her nå, helt amazonas
Svinger meg fra et sted til andre siden av jorda
Føler meg som Moland her nå, føler meg som Moland
Unge Barbar, jeg er Konan
Gjør det som Unge-O, som i, i
Svømmer inni hun som en delfin
Vi gjør det som Unge-O, vi e'kke som de
Vi e'kke mennesker for vi gjør det som dyr

Meg og mine boys, vi henger i lianer, lianer
Meg og mine boys, vi henger i li-ii-ianer, li-ii-aner
Go!
Li-iii-i
Nei, nei, nei
Du kan'ke henge med oss
Lianer
Li-iii-i
Nei, nei, nei
Du kan'ke henge med oss

Meg og mine boys, boys, boys
Meg og mine
Lia-aaa
Meg og mine boys, boys, boysYeah
This song go out to all the girls that I accidentally broke they heart
And it go out to all the ones that I purposely broke they heart

Lil' mama, I'm sorry, I never meant to ball like this
And who would expect I'd be in a drop-top six or Ferrari
Lil' mama, I'm sorry
Lil' mama, I'm sorry, I never meant to ball like this
And who would expect I'd be in a drop-top six or Ferrari
Lil' mama, I'm sorry

Hot summer working lumber in my stretch plum hummer
Working wheels, popping pills, showcasing my skills
Will I make twenty mil? Only time will tell
I'ma ball at the mall, shutting down the sea wall
Forty karats across my jaws just in case they don't trust me
MC Hammer can't touch me, your freestyle is disgusting
Make 'em mad, glad lock bags in the Toucan Sam Jag
Dropping bombs like Saddam setting off car alarms
Might pull up in Milan in the drop candy swan
Might swing through your prom with the wand in my palm
I'ma lie to your mom, make her mad at your dad
Fifty days, fifty nights, codeine in the Sprite
Might throw some diamonds on my hands, diamonds on handkerchief
Pour a four inside my pancreas, got diamonds on dental
I'ma swing the instrumental, I'ma break a two pencil
Two or three, one for key, make it O.O.C

Lil' mama, I'm sorry, I never meant to ball like this
And who would expect I'd be in a drop-top six or Ferrari
Lil' mama, I'm sorry
Lil' mama, I'm sorry, I never meant to ball like this
And who would expect I'd be in a drop-top six or Ferrari
Lil' mama, I'm sorryBet, ha
Oh, so, so you, oh, so you think you tough, though?
You think you a tough guy?
Huh (Taurus)
Huh, huh
Pussy (Run that back, Turbo)

Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys)
Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys)
We geekin' up on the Addy
Spin the block, we got the addy
Wake up, I pop me a Addy
Hard to stop poppin' these Addys
Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys)
Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys)
Roll up Biscotti, I'm drinkin' the codeine whenever I swallow a Addy
Drugs in my body, I call up a venue, he tell us pull up to the addy

Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm
Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm
We shady babies, we don't do the nay nay, we trapped on the block for a payday
I put the stick right to his face, now he turnin' away, actin' like he ain't say that
I jumped off the porch and I really went north, the first out my hood with a Maybach
They wanna come pop that shit while I'm on tour, uh, just wait 'til I get back
She know that she cappin', she gave me your addy, lil' boy, I know where you stay at
You sendin' big shots, shoulda stuck to the rappin', lil' boy, I swear I don't play that
They know I'm with it, connected, through the city
SkyDweller, out the fridge, Elliante got it hittin' (Uh)
That Addy is in me, I feel it (Uh)
I'm your daddy, lil' bitch, come and get it (Uh)
You niggas still cap like a fitted
I'm throwin' 'em back like they Ritalin

Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys)
Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys)
We geekin' up on the Addy
Spin the block, we got the addy
Wake up, I pop me a Addy
Hard to stop poppin' these Addys
Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys)
Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys)
Roll up Biscotti, I'm drinkin' the codeine whenever I swallow a Addy
Drugs in my body, I call up a venue, he tell us pull up to the addy

I'm geekin' on codeine (Ayy), I took four beans (Ayy)
Adderall pink (Ayy, ayy), no sleep, I'm geeked
I'm high, no lie (No lie), you can get hit with the fire (Hit with the fire)
Shady baby, I come from the south (Come from the south)
I'm at your neck like a tie (Said woah, yeah)
I whip the coupe out the lot
Broke my wrist in the pot, man, we shippin' 'em out (Yeah)
I'm puttin' that bitch on the spot
She can fuck on the gang or that bitch can get out (Bitch can get out, yeah)
Bitch, I'm a pimp, not a trick (Not a trick)
Coupe is all white like a brick (Like a brick)
I ride around with the stick (With the stick)
They want it, we pull up and blitz (Yeah)
Patek, wetty (Wetty), neck, baguettie (Baguettie, yeah)
I'm wrappin' bricks like a daddy
You niggas pathetic, just shut up and bet it (Yeah)
Niggas ain't havin' no fetty
They act like they ready, get hit with a bullet (Hit with a bullet)
Nigga backed up when I pull it
He can get hit with the fullest (Yeah)

Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys)
Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys)
We geekin' up on the Addy
Spin the block, we got the addy
Wake up, I pop me a Addy
Hard to stop poppin' these Addys
Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys)
Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys), Addy (Addys)
Roll up Biscotti, I'm drinkin' the codeine whenever I swallow a Addy
Drugs in my body, I call up a venue, he tell us pull up to the addy

Addy, Addy, Addy, Addy
Addy, Addy, Addy, AddyYeah, yeah, all my diamonds drippin' like some frozen water
I got chains and they flooded like New Orleans, yeah, yeah

I be goin' hard just like frozen water, frozen
All my diamonds drip, drippin' like it's water, water
First you take the batch and mix it in the water, in the water
Then you pack a bag and meet me at the border, frozen
I be goin' hard just like frozen water, frozen
All my diamonds drip, drippin' like it's water, water
First you take the batch and mix it in the water, in the water
Then you pack a bag and meet me at the border, border

Yeah, yeah, all my diamonds drippin' like some frozen water
I got chains and they flooded like New Orleans, yeah, yeah

Girl, I get back in that Lamb
Yellow diamonds like a cab
These niggas nothin' but some crabs
I been duckin' from the pap
Get some head on the Snap
Bought the Lamb just to trap
The main bitch kidnap
Five milli on my neck, I'm good, yeah
Drinkin' Codeine like it's Robitussin
Water on me like a water challenge
Drippin', drippin', I got frozen diamonds
I'mma never need a cosigner

I be goin' hard just like frozen water, frozen
All my diamonds drip, drippin' like it's water, water
First you take the batch and mix it in the water, in the water
Then you pack a bag and meet me at the border, frozen
I be goin' hard just like frozen water, frozen
All my diamonds drip, drippin' like it's water, water
First you take the batch and mix it in the water, in the water
Then you pack a bag and meet me at the border, border

She mix the lies with the truth, I mix the batch with the juice
I'm tellin' Hennessy lies, I'm tellin' Actavis truths
I think I'm relapsin' and shit, I just fell asleep in the shower
I'm feelin' weak, need some power
The plug gon' be back in an hour
She found a bag full of powder
"Oh no, baby, that ain't flour"
Told her jump up on the table, bet that pussy get devoured

Yeah, yeah, all my diamonds drippin' like some frozen water
I got chains and they flooded like New Orleans, yeah, yeah

I be goin' hard just like frozen water, frozen
All my diamonds drip, drippin' like it's water, water
First you take the batch and mix it in the water, in the water
Then you pack a bag and meet me at the border, frozen
I be goin' hard just like frozen water, frozen
All my diamonds drip, drippin' like it's water, water
First you take the batch and mix it in the water, in the water
Then you pack a bag and meet me at the border, border

All my diamonds drippin' like some frozen water
All my diamonds flooded like its from New Orleans
First you take the Codeine, mix it in some Sprite
When that drink turn pink, that's what I like
We gon' kill these pussy niggas on sight
We gon' fuck yo' main bitch on sight
We 'bout to pop a hundred bottles like it's water
You want that good batch, meet me at the border
You want that good batch, meet me at the borderYeah (Ya dig?)
Trappin' in the back with the 'migos (Yeah, ya dig?)
Boards on the windows on them bandos (Huh)
Told me hit my dance (NLMB Gang)

Known to dab on the bitch like the Migos (Like the what?)
In the trap water whip, like the kilo (Like the what?)
Up, Down, Left, Right, A, B, ho (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
I just entered in a cheat code (Yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh, I just entered in a cheat code)
It's just me ho (Yeah, it's just me, uh-huh, uh-huh)
Chip on my shoulder, like a bag of Fritos (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
Where I'm from, 12 come, you better lay low (Uh-huh, uh-huh, you better lay low)
Woah, woah, fuck with the gang get a halo (Get a halo)

You should be embarrassed (You should!)
Fuck your bitch then spin her like a wheel, Ferris (Oh yeah)
I ain't even dig her I'm just tryna nail her (Tryna nail)
V12 then bail huh
That bitch ain't got no ride, I'm gon' fuck around and mail her
Water on my wrist (Huh, yeah), swimming like a sailor (Ice, ice)
Water coming out your bitch (Water), she think I'm a sailor (What?)
Swim in that bitch like a fish (Uh-huh, a fish)
I tear the pussy to bits (Uh-huh)
We go together like Lilo & Stitch (Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh)
Money, Mayweather come hot like a fist
Whip her up like a brick
Double cup, don't pour liquor up (Wet), codeine when I sip
Percs-R-Us, my dick in her guts, drill, drill, drill (Smash)
Semi tucked, I'ma finger fuck (Uh-huh), load and let it drill (Grra)
I'm Jack no Jill
Falling down a hill on a pill, pill, pill
What it is? Mister two tone AP kid, yeah (Two tone AP, uh)
Super rich, I could pay your mama rent (I could pay your mama, uh)
What I spent, you worked for ten years to get (Worked for ten years)
Hop offbeat, then get right back on that bitch (Uh)

Known to dab on the bitch like the Migos (Like the Migos)
In the trap water whip (Uh-huh), like the kilo (Kilo)
Up, Down, Left, Right, A, B, ho (A, B, bitch, woah-woah, uh-huh, uh-huh)
I just entered in a cheat code (I just entered in a motherfuckin')
It's just me ho (Yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh)
Chip on my shoulder, like a bag of Fritos (Like a bag)
Where I'm from, 12 come, you better lay low (Better lay low)
Whoa, whoa, fuck with the gang get a halo (Fuck with the, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

Fuck with the gang get a halo (Get a halo)
Hit the biggest stain makin' Lucid Dreams (Lucid Dreams, uh-huh, uh-huh)
A young nigga doing things, they been through some things (through some things, uh-huh, uh-huh)
Bro used to let the choppa sing, sound like Shabba Ranks (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
I remember robbing niggas, claiming that they gang (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
Them niggas was snakes, they was snitchin', turn on you in your face (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
Shoot 'em up, then pull up to that nigga wake (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
See his brothers sittin' over his body let him laying him to rest (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
Real shit (Real), that's the shit my older brothers had to deal with (For real, uh-huh)
Came a long way from the project buildings (Yeah), and drug dealings (Uh-huh)
I've seen the trenches for real (Yeah)
Where I'm from, they be born and raised, to kill (Uh, yeah)
Numb, don't feel (Uh, yeah)
Kids tote steel (Uh, yeah)
Babies gettin' killed (Uh, yeah)
Crazy how we live (Uh, yeah)
Glad God forgives (Uh, yeah)
We'll sin still, bullets through his windshield (Uh)

Known to dab on the bitch like the Migos (Like the Migos)
In the trap water whip, like the kilo (Kilo, uh-huh, uh-huh)
Up, Down, Left, Right, A, B, ho (A, B, bitch, woah-woah, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh)
I just entered in a cheat code (I just entered in a motherfuckin', uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh)
It's just me ho (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
Chip on my shoulder, like a bag of Fritos (Like a bag, uh-huh, uh-huh)
Where I'm from, 12 come, you better lay low (Better lay low, uh-huh, uh-huh)
Woah, woah, fuck with the gang get a halo (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, fuck with the)Sometimes I don't know where this dirty road is taking me
Sometimes I don't even know the reason why
But I guess I keep a-gamblin', lots of booze and lots of ramblin'
Well, it's easier than just a-waitin' 'round to die

Ah one time friends I had a ma, I even had a pa
Well he beat her with a belt once 'cause she cried
She told him to take care of me, headed down to Tennessee
Well it's easier than just a-waitin' 'round to die

I came of age and I found a girl in a Tuscaloosa bar
Ah she cleaned me out and hit it on the sly
Well I tried to kill the pain, I bought some wine and hopped a train
It seemed easier than just a-waitin' 'round to die

Then a friend said he knew where some easy money was
We robbed a man and brother did we fly
But the posse caught up with me and drug me back to Muskogee
And it's two long years, a-waitin' 'round to die

Ah but now I'm out of prison, I got me a friend at last
He don't drink or steal or cheat or lie
Ah his name is codeine, he's the nicest thing I've seen
Well together we're gonna wait around and die
Yeah together we're gonna wait around and diePull up on his block, we gon' gun him down (down)
Posted up with the chopper, like "Who want it now?" (gang gang)
Run it up, run it up, I need a hundred thou'
Catch him lacking, walking home, we gon' jump out (rrah)
All these niggas, they play pussy, this a run down (run-down)
And my niggas, we gon' rock 'til the sun down (sun-down)
It was 12 o'clock at night, we brought the guns out (guns out)
Why these niggas wanna front now? (front-now, gang)
We was three deep, we had four poles (four)
One of these niggas gon' get Lil Jojo'd
Pull up on 'em with the sticks (gang)
Got three white bitches, they all want my dick
Leave that nigga R.I.P. off the rip
Now we gang deep, we posted up in VIP (gang, gang, gang!)
Codeine, promethazine, what I sip
And if she let me fuck the first night, she's a flip (flipper!)
Pull up on a nigga with the chopper, let it rip (rrah, rrah, rrah!)
Got a clip taped to a clip, run out and I'm gon' flip it
Leave a nigga dead in the street, a Ricky
That's what these niggas get, for fucking with me (gang, gang)
Youngest, hottest nigga in the fuckin' city
You still with your mama, suckin' on a titty (gang)
You showed me your bitch, now she fuckin' with me
You was in your feelings, I was in her kitty (pussy!)
I just bought a .30, shot a Glock, a glizzy (grrah)
Nigga try to kill me, then he coming with meAye
Goin' up top catchin' plays like I'm Victor Cruz nigga
And I'm catchin' picks, I'm catchin' yours too nigga
You ain't Drew Brees nigga, that's a flu flicker

My nigga still be stealin' cars, he love that stuff nigga
He done brought me a brand new car, I told him "Nigga get me a rental"
Like how the hell I'ma tell him chill, that shit ain't cool nigga
'Cause I used to do it with him and I maneuver in 'em
Damn right we hit the scene together, I hit the news with him
But I hit news by myself before I hit the news with him
I ain't tellin' you how I'ma play it, I ain't tellin' you how I move nigga
Hell yeah that's what I do, but that ain't what I do nigga
I don't even feel like nigga tellin' ya kids to stay in school
'Cause I always did the opposite, nigga I ain't stay in school
Maybe if they told me not to go, I probably would've stayed in school
Codeine and orange soda, that's my formula, Ion want baby food
I don't eat baby food, I don't eat baby food
Put a "O" in front of the Range Rover, that's a orange coop
That's a strange coupe, that's a orange Range Rover coupe
That's a o-range rover, that's a fruit
Y'all so cute together, she for you, she a swoop
On a boot, 1800 Tequila, I'm litty like Peter Boo
Peter Boo thought she for him, she for me, she for you
No, SG is not a crew, we a team, not a crew
This shit deeper to me than you, you can't even see no we and you
You creep just like them people too, that's why it ain't no me and you
I go peep the truth, see Pooh, he could shoot on the roof, he peekaboo
I say my vowels for the dollar bill, I "A-E-I-O-U"
First thing first is I-O-U, I'ma spray first if I owe you
My nigga in prison goin' crazy, keep on askin' me 'bout his lady
I ain't finna be out here watchin' her page, I ain't finna be out here stalkin' yo lady
And my brother 'bout to have a baby, 'bout to be a uncle and I'm a baby
Paranoid, I'm livin' dangerous, paranoid, I'm overthinkin'
Wrap the car up just to spray it, put it up then candy paint it
I'm a baby with a baby, I done killed so much-a babies
I done kidnapped, I done whipped so much-a babies
If the neighbors hear me, they gon' call the police
Child neglect, call the DCF on me
Child abuse, I'm in the kitchen droppin' a 14
All that night I was ridin' 'round the city to this slow beat
If the neighbors hear me, they gon' call the police
DCF called child neglect on me
Water whippin' in the kitchen, I'm droppin' a 14
Got that glizzy, ridin' 'round the city to this slow beat

I done lost my mind all night, when I grind I don't get no sleep
You goddamn right once they let me out, I'm in yo' hoe cheeks
I think these niggas lactose intolerant, they don't get no cheeseYou've been down for me
Since day one, day one, day one, day one, day one, day one
And you've been riding for me girl
Since day one, day one, day one, day one, day one, day one
I knew you had my back girl
Since day one, day one, day one, day one, day one, day one
And I love you for that, you're
My day one, day one, day one, day one, day one, day one shawty

First off, baby that's loyal, most of these girls ain't loyal
And that's why you know I'm gon' spoil and I'd do anything for you
Need your hair done, I'd fix it, want a new bag, I'd get it
Girl you look good, let me kiss you, I wanna spend this money up with you
Pop a couple bands for the rent, take it, that's money well spent
That's for all the money you spent, that's for all the money you lent me girl
Everything that I been through, I ain't 'bout act brand new
Real friends, only got a few and real talking, baby, you the truth

Oh, if you ask me if I got you, you know what the answer is
You know it girl
Girl you damn right, damn right, damn right, damn right

You've been down for me
Since day one, day one, day one, day one, day one, day one
And you've been riding for me girl
Since day one, day one, day one, day one, day one, day one
I knew you had my back girl
Since day one, day one, day one, day one, day one, day one
And I love you for that, you're
My day one, day one, day one, day one, day one, day one shawty

Baby I can tell your future, drop top, girl let me scoop you (scoop you up)
And I don't wanna ever, ever lose you, real chick, baby, I salute you
Everything that I been through, I ain't 'bout act brand new
Real friends, only got a few and real talking, baby, you the truth

Oh, if you ask me if I got you, you know what the answer is
You know it girl
Girl you damn right, damn right, damn right, damn right

You've been down for me
Since day one, day one, day one, day one, day one, day one
And you've been riding for me girl
Since day one, day one, day one, day one, day one, day one
I knew you had my back girl
Since day one, day one, day one, day one, day one, day one
And I love you for that, you're
My day one, day one, day one, day one, day one, day one shawty

You are the reason why I don't fuck with you niggas
Only the homies from day one
Call up my baby cause we ain't talk in a minute
Name saved as bae in my phone
Give her a minute, when she come over we kissing
She my day one, only one better than all my bitches
Pussy too good when I bang I'm on a mission
Body to body when we changing up positions
I'm like a prodigal, I pick her like eeny meeny miney mo
Hop out the plane like Geronimo, I lock her down like Guantanamo
I give that pussy a taste, put that shit all in my face
She likes the Codeine and the J, baby girl all I can say

You've been down for me
Since day one, day one, day one, day one, day one, day one
And you've been riding for me girl
Since day one, day one, day one, day one, day one, day one
I knew you had my back girl
Since day one, day one, day one, day one, day one, day one
And I love you for that, you're
My day one, day one, day one, day one, day one, day one shawtyCashMoneyAP
Yeah, yeah
Kio, Kio
Yeah, yeah, oh
Buh, buh, buh, buh (Yeah)

Lately niggas been worried 'bout Tecca, nigga
You want me, how you gonna do better, nigga?
Bet on myself, how the fuck I'm a better, nigga?
They got me feeling like shit like I'm just a nigga
Talk about me, how the fuck I'ma let a nigga?
He took a shower, yeah, that TEC had to wet a nigga
And shawty left him, yeah, she seen I'm the better nigga
I evolve from human to gold, like caterpillar
Yeah, why you be worried about me? (Yeah)
You hit me, I leave 'em on seen (Yeah)
He a junkie, he be off the codeine (Yeah)
They look up to me, I'm only sixteen (Yeah)
I got a TEC, it go, "Bap, bap, bap" (Yeah)
They hit on my bitch and they snap and they clap (Yeah)
I feel like Chris Brown, I'm on top when I dance (Yeah)
She want me inside, like a crease in her pants

I'm never hot 'cause I got a lot of fans
Best fans, Tecca stans
Sold out stands, Tecca stans
DSR, FaZe Clan
I don't gotta flex, 'cause I know I'm the man
I got a bad lil' eater
Don't know her, call her señorita
McDonald's, can't five star feed her (Yeah)

Lately niggas been worried 'bout Tecca, nigga
You want me, how you gonna do better, nigga?
Bet on myself, how the fuck I'm a better, nigga?
They got me feeling like shit like I'm just a nigga
Talk about me, how the fuck I'ma let a nigga?
He took a shower, yeah, that TEC had to wet a nigga
And shawty left him, yeah, she seen I'm the better nigga
I evolve from human to gold, like caterpillar
Yeah, why you be worried about me? (Yeah)
You hit me, I leave 'em on seen (Yeah)
He a junkie, he be off the codeine (Yeah)
They look up to me, I'm only sixteen (Yeah)
I got a TEC, it go, "Bap, bap, bap" (Yeah)
They hit on my bitch and they snap and they clap (Yeah)
I feel like Chris Brown, I'm on top when I dance (Yeah)
She want me inside, like a crease in her pants

Run up the girl, had to run it up, baby
German lil' shawty, she ride a Mercedes
I get the drip, I'm drippin' on the daily
He talkin' on 'Gram but, no, he can't face me
His bitch can Face me, bitch can taste me
Laced the nigga, gave him rabies
Ketamine, I got lazy
Blue, yellow, Jordan, Lanies

Lately niggas been worried 'bout Tecca, nigga
You want me, how you gonna do better, nigga?
Bet on myself, how the fuck I'm a better, nigga?
They got me feeling like shit like I'm just a nigga
Talk about me, how the fuck I'ma let a nigga?
He took a shower, yeah, that TEC had to wet a nigga
And shawty left him, yeah, she seen I'm the better nigga
I evolve from human to gold, like caterpillar
Yeah, why you be worried about me? (Yeah)
You hit me, I leave 'em on seen (Yeah)
He a junkie, he be off the codeine (Yeah)
They look up to me, I'm only sixteen (Yeah)
I got a TEC, it go, "Bap, bap, bap" (Yeah)
They hit on my bitch and they snap and they clap (Yeah)
I feel like Chris Brown, I'm on top when I dance (Yeah)
She want me inside, like a crease in her pants

Uh
Uh (Tecca stans)
Uh (Tecca stans)
Uh (Tecca stans)Oh
Lil Boat, yeah, oh (oh)
Yeah, oh

Young nigga just ran the sack up
Young nigga just ran the sack up
Young nigga just ran the sack up
Young nigga just ran the sack up
Young nigga just ran the sack up
Young nigga just ran the sack up
Run my sack up
Run my sack up, hey

I think I just raised the leverage
Purple codeine in my beverage
I'm from the 6, that's where I stay
Fuck with my gang, you gon' get slayed, woah
And I promise everything on me is good enough
He can't be NAZ 'cause that nigga not rich enough, woah
And I can see it in his eye that nigga is broke
I be laughing at his jokes, I be fucking on these hoes
I spent everything I have just to make it right back
A nigga never gon' be sad

'Cause I ran my sack up
Ran my sack up
Just ran my sack up, woah
Oh

I'm making my way, I'm making my
Making my way, I'm making my
I don't even got no time
To waste money on these dimes
I'm making my way, I'm making my
Making my way, I'm making my
These niggas broke, they can't hang around me
They can't hang around me, unless they run they sack up

Run my sack up
Run my sack up, woah
Hey


We keep on running it up
We keep on running it up
Aye, aye, aye

We keep on running it up (keep on, keep, keep)
In this game, I'm running, yeah
These niggas keep running from us (running, running, running)
We keep on thumbing, yeah
'Cause we keep on running it up, oh
We keep on running it up
I can't even stress it enough
My pockets just ain't fat enough
They say, "Lil Boat, you changed"
They say, "Lil Boat, don't forget about your fam"
When you get to the fame, I need me 'bout three rings
Cause I'm just not flexing enough
And these niggas, they not hating enough
But trust and believe
I'm on my gang, I'm not sleep
I'ma take care of my brothers, woah, make sure that they eat
Niggas act like they don't see when you rise above them, woah (aye)
We gon' be alright (oh)
Oh, running it upWe got London on da Track
Classic
Kiddo, Kiddo
Kiddo on the beat, better run it back

Say she lookin' through my eyes and she seen designers
Gucci, Dolce & Gabbana (Dolce & Gabbana)
Dolce & Gabbana (Dolce & Gabbana)
Yeah
Said she lookin' through my eyes and she seeing designers
Aye, Dolce & Gabbana (Dolce & Gabbana)
Got me goin' bananas (Goin' bananas)
Aye
Pass me the bo, pass me the jo
Pass me the ting wey dey make me go
Pass me the codeine, make me slow
Pass me the kpo kpo di kpo

When I look into your eyes, all I see is your waist
To that African waist
And I don't got no time to waste
No dey make me dey chase

You know time is of the essence
Come and give me blessings
Let it rain down on me
We got no time to waste
Come get a taste
Fulfill out my fantasies, oh
We start from the bed to the floor (Floor)
Can you give me more and more?
Never had like this before
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa

Wanna give it all to you-ou-ou
I wanna give it all to you-ou-ou
'Cause when I look

Say she look into my eyes and she seen designers (Yeah)
Gucci, Dolce & Gabbana
Dolce & Gabbana
Yeah
Say she look into my eyes and she seen designers
Aye, Dolce & Gabbana (Gabbana)
Got me goin' bananas (Bananas)
Aye
Pass me the bo, pass me the jo
Pass me the ting wey dey make me go
Pass me the codeine, make me slow
Pass me the kpo kpo di kpo

Aye
Bowe 
Them roll like 
Anywhere, I'ma 
And I must become the landlord, aye (Yeah)
Yankee 
I just wanna make history
With all my people back home missin' me
I'm like what the fuck, this shit like a dream to me
But that don't speak to me

Wanna give it all to you-ou-ou
I wanna give it all to you-ou-ou
Wanna give it all to you-ou-ou
I wanna give it all to you-ou-ou (Oh-oh-oh)
'Cause when I look

Say she look into my eyes and she seen designers (Yeah, yeah)
Gucci, Dolce & Gabbana (Oh, Dolce & Gabbana)
Dolce & Gabbana
Yeah
Say she look into my eyes and she seen designer, aye
Aye, Dolce & Gabbana (Dolce & Gabbana>)
Got me goin' bananasI'm so fed up with my niggas switchin' sides
I'm so fed up with these bitches and the lies
I'm so fed up you see the anger in my eyes
I'm so fed up with being sick and tired
I'm so fed up somebody might die
I'm so fed up with these niggas in disguise
I keep my head up cause I'm too strong to cry
I'm so fed up that I wish that I could fly

I just asked my homie could he help me bounce back
Shit so fucked up he ain't even hit me back
Everything good right now but I was on my back
I'm good though I just had to see if ya had my back
Fam just caught a charge and he took the time and rolled
T-Bird went down, he bitched out and told
 caught an L and that pressure made him fold
How come street niggas ain't livin' by the code?
I'm so iced out fucked around and caught a cold
I done ran my bands up I just came from up the road
I'm so fed up of these petty ass hoes
I'm so fed up I'm blowin' kush out my nose
All these bitches want a lil piece of my thang
All these niggas want a lil piece of my fame
I'm so fed up I put codeine in my drank
All this stress I feel stranded in the rain
Got me in the booth I'm rappin' my pain
I'm so fed up it make me wanna sang
I'm so fed up I'm going insane
I'm so fed up I went and copped the chain
Then I copped the bezels, I love the blang blang
And about whatever, I love to bang bang
They so pathetic man you niggas is lame
Ya'll ain't ready man you niggas can't hang

I'm so fed up with these niggas playin' real
I'm so fed up I just popped me a pill
I don't understand what's goin' on here
My co-defendant went down, fucked around and squealed
I'm so fed up I'm loadin' up my clip
All my life I've been runnin' in the field
I'm so fed up I put diamonds on my ear
I'm so fed up I pulled up in a spillWe been getting all this money
They think we joined Illuminati
Stunting outside in a Bugatti
Bitch, you hit the lottery
I'm tired of all this damn arguing
It's a blessing to be around me
How you not happy?
What you mean you're not happy?
Ungrateful bitches never happy
How you not happy?
What you mean you're not happy?
Ungrateful bitches never happy

I can have a whole team, baby
Can't chase you, I'm chasin' dreams baby
She say, "What you mean, baby?"
Glizzy, Glizzy, bitch, I'm a star
This stupid ho keep on complaining, who the fuck is her
Had this one bitch named Toya
Beat that pussy up like De La Hoya
Told me she not sleeping at no courtyard
I just bought her a Goyard
Telling all her friends how I do her
That pussy so good that I go raw
I found my first bitch at the playground
She shot me in my heart like a fucking tray pound
I swear that bitch was so goddamn ungrateful
I start flying her around and put her on a Greyhound

We been getting all this money
They think we joined Illuminati
Stunting outside in a Bugatti
Bitch, you hit the lottery
I'm tired of all this damn arguing
It's a blessing to be around me
How you not happy?
What you mean you're not happy?
Ungrateful bitches never happy
How you not happy?
What you mean you're not happy?
Ungrateful bitches never happy

That gangsta shit they talking I did ten times
I got feelings too, I'm just not in mine
They say nothing lasts forever, I hope this lasts forever
As long as you forever, keep your hips and ass together
If I use the wrong expression you gon' get the wrong impression
Lortabs and codeine, no headache or congestion'
Come on, let's be honest
You can't hide your disdain
Instagram pictures on Biscayne
I know my bitch missing my dick game
Waving your gun at me, you're just a wanna be
I'm what you wanna be, I'm who you wanna be
Stunting in front of me, nigga don't stunt on me
You just up under me, did what you done to be
Bitch wanna run with me, come to me once a week
Running her tongue on me, seems like the one to me
Fuck brothers calling me country
Lil bitch better not play with my money

We been getting all this money
They think we joined Illuminati
Stunting outside in a Bugatti
Bitch, you hit the lottery
I'm tired of all this damn arguing
It's a blessing to be around me
How you not happy?
What you mean you're not happy?
Ungrateful bitches never happy
How you not happy?
What you mean you're not happy?
Ungrateful bitches never happyI'm just tryna live my life
Moon rocks, on stars, straight cash, no cards
Livin' life like stars, thankin' god every day we finally winning
You was 'posed to my nigga, right here with me
I'm just tryna live my life
They say I ain't living right
Finest cars, designer, and the flashy ice
Livin' for tomorrow, hopin' for tonight
I'm just tryna live my life
They say I ain't living right
Finest cars, designer, and the flashy ice
Livin' for tomorrow, hopin' for tonight

Push start cars, we can't fall
Started from the bottom now we here
Ran me up a mil, it took a year
Watch my closest niggas disappear
We ridin' drop tops whips in the summer
She keep checkin' in 'cause she know that I'm a winner
We gon' skip town just for dinner
We gon' keep it gutter, don't have no one in our business
Draped down in Fendi, she rockin' the latest
She say I'm the greatest, if I'm ollie then you later
Took a trip to the Barbados, and I'm still on paper
Shout out to my haters, they been motivating me lately
Came to fuck the game up, had to switch the wave up
Fuck me just don't lay up, on this codeine I can't stay up
Pitch a dub in a motor, just so they can't catch me
They tried to arrest me 'cause I'm icy like Wayne Gretzky
I'm a big bear like Tee Grizzley, these fuck niggas be sneak dissin'
This FN gon' stay with me, a nigga play that'll be the reason
G5 gone for a lot of seasons, Saks Ave, we done did Neimans
Them millions comin', I can damn see 'em
Long live Frank, I can see him breathin'
I got ten traps and they all beamin'
We done fucked the game up
They blowin' my name up
I just want the money, fuck the fame cuz
Came to switch the game up

I'm just tryna live my life
They say I ain't living right
Finest cars, designer, and the flashy ice
Hopin' for tomorrow, livin' for tonight
I'm just tryna live my life
They say I ain't living right
Finest cars, designer, and the flashy ice
Hopin' for tomorrow, livin' for tonight

If tomorrow ain't promised then why should I wait?
If times still gon' be hard then why should I pray?
Seen my niggas fade away, from a cage to a grave
Solid niggas turned fake, seen it happen every day
Didn't expect it to happen, I thought you was solid
Still can't believe you not right here beside me
The money in front me, the bullshit behind me
My nigga forever, I thought we was riders
When we caught them cases both of us kept quiet
I just lost a friend to some gun play
Put my main bitch on the runway
Still servin' packs on the one way
Paying tithes Sunday, we gon' blow up one day
Magic on a Monday, shout out to the strippers
Lately I been feelin' it on another level
Savin' all the extras, I gotta be different

I'm just tryna live my life
They say I ain't living right
Finest cars, designer, and the flashy ice
Hopin' for tomorrow, livin' for tonight
I'm just tryna live my life
They say I ain't living right
Finest cars, designer, and the flashy ice
Hopin' for tomorrow, livin' for tonightI said
Baby, come up to my office
You played at my party
I owe you some money
You owe me your lips
I'm gonna give tips
I heard your boyfriend's out of town
Baby, aren't you hungry?
I could give you codeine
Or could get my car keys
Oh, what a cute dress
Right now it's useless
I heard your boyfriend's out of town

And you should get out of town too
Yeah, you should get out of town too

I said
Baby, I know that you want me
You won't regret this
Really, I'm serious
We could just have fun
We're only young ones
I know your boyfriend's out of town
Baby, where are you going?
Don't be such a diva
You know you can't leave now
Oh, what a cute dress
Oh, what a wet mess
I know your boyfriend's is out of town

And you should get out of town too
Yeah, you should get out of town too
Yeah yeah, you should get out of town too
Oh, you should get out of town tooI could die drinking this codeine, I don't give a fuck
Get rich with it with my whole team, I don't give a fuck
I could go to jail selling this shit, still won't give a fuck
All the shit I did, I probably go to hell, I don't give a fuck
I could die drinking this codeine, I don't give a fuck
Get rich with it with my whole team, I don't give a fuck
I could go to jail selling this shit, still won't give a fuck
All the shit I did, I probably go to hell, I don't give a fuck

We working we working
What I sip on be that purpose
Most of these broads they be thirsty
Hundreds and fifties
Yeah I got hundreds and fifties
And your pockets be my numbers
Your bitch in the whip, yeah the one with the curtains
I'm sucking that titty, that bitch'll be nursing
That we I be sippin, my words they be slurring
If first in my water, you know I be skrting
I'm whipping and whipping, the wrist'll be churning
They say it is real, your chain it be turning
And fake niggas only think that I'm allergic
I write on the dotted line, write up in cursive
I'm chalking the outer line when you get murdered
You talking 'bout rapping but I got the burner
And this be the nine, and you can get burnt up
Designer my clothes, side bitch be imported
And shout out the plug, can't look cross the water
I'm up, been in Mexico cause I'm important
What the fuck you gonna do right with a quarter
When I get the clothes, yeah something more hoarder
Don't cop at the mall, everything you order
Got bitches in Jersey all way down to Florida
She sucking me off, she tasting her daughter
And you want it all, but you can't afford it
What I pay for my shoes probably your mortgage
And they say I'm rude, my music is hard up
And credit when due, worked for my grandmomma
And I'm in the field, like Jeremiah Trotter
And I'm going hard, like my name is Flocka
Bandana on neck, like I'm Silkk The Shocker
Put my niggas on, so we all can prosper
Put my niggas on, so we all can prosper

I could die drinking this codeine, I don't give a fuck
Get rich with it with my whole team, I don't give a fuck
I could go to jail selling this shit, still won't give a fuck
All the shit I did, I probably go to hell, I don't give a fuck
I could die drinking this codeine, I don't give a fuck
Get rich with it with my whole team, I don't give a fuck
I could go to jail selling this shit, still won't give a fuck
All the shit I did, I probably go to hell, I don't give a fuck

My nigga Dre home
They had him locked like Mandela
My block hot as the motherland
And I still got them grams selling, unh
5-0 can't stop my grind
3 niggas can't stop 4 5s
8 niggas can't stop this 9, uh
AK picking through that block, vert
Saw these niggas and it's 'bout that time
I stand on the corner like I protest
Like I'm tryin' to stop that crime
The thing is, I ain't got no sign, huh
The thing is, I ain't really into black power
Bitches wave a nigga there like I'm a cab driver
Little bitch talking can I come see her
I said no, maybe later, these trap hours
I ain't flexing, stand down, fuck am I clear
And this rap game pussy I'm a pioneer
The white whiter than the people with the blue eyes
And the people with the blonde hair
Any rapper talking like they got fucking problems
I make that pussy fall back like recline chairs
Sharp neck, vernith road, we don't fight c'here
We'll light your ass up like times square
'Bout business I ain't really into small-talking
My niggas ride 'til they crash like Paul Walker
Got shooters got shooters like 'Mal Crawford
Fuck a middleman, point me to the boss office
It's NGB
And it's Daytown
We drink codeine
Like we in H-Town

I could die drinking this codeine, I don't give a fuck
Get rich with it with my whole team, I don't give a fuck
I could go to jail selling this shit, still won't give a fuck
All the shit I did, I probably go to hell, I don't give a fuck
I could die drinking this codeine, I don't give a fuck
Get rich with it with my whole team, I don't give a fuck
I could go to jail selling this shit, still won't give a fuck
All the shit I did, I probably go to hell, I don't give a fuckAs I met 2 Chainz a few minutes ago, as I gazed into his face, I felt that I was in the presence of royalty. There's a certain power presence that he gives off
I tried to be, everything you want and need

'Cause you got a deep title don't mean that you deep
Substance shallow on shit creek, I heard Cole speak
About the bricks, Kendrick got Compton lit
And I've been lit ever since I sold nicks
Never fabricated about my fabric, the scale, that's my apparatus
I give a fuck about the sorriest rappers
This actually happened, path in the back pathogenic
Moved that blow out like we were afrocentric
I had a front row entry, I had the codeine kidney
I made up the Bentiaga truck, you owe me a Bentley
This the rap Ken Griffey, got at least 10 with me
Got at least 10 on me, I'm anti-phony
My girl anti-bony and she get that money
I bought all this shit, don't go acting anti on me
It's Mr. Epps in the bank, I give a F what you think
I bought a Tesla today, there's nothing left in your tank
I did everything except a fucking song with Jay
But I murdered every song I fucking did with Ye
See my verses are better and my subject is realer
See my mom was an addict and my dad was the dealer
And their son is that nigga, I'm no Black activist
I'm a Black millionaire, give you my Black ass to kiss
We used the tree for a fence, I used to land in the trench
Used to dust myself off, then I eat me some shrimp
Coulda did anything, I coulda been me a pimp
I coulda went to the league, I took it straight to the rim
I took it straight to the block, I got Xans in my sock
I got plans for the pot, I got bands, you do not, huh

Yeah, you a miracle. Right now, if you hear this, you're a miracle, I want you to know that. If you're able to hear this right now, you are a miracle. Straight up, no kapp

I'm more Gucci than Vans, give you a Gucci advance
This the chance of your life, you ain't prepared for your life
See the man without a mic is just a mic gimmick
Anyone, Jordan, Jackson, Tyson, Bivens
Phone number unlisted
Gave her the digits to a number that is long distance
She on the wrong mission and got my palm itching
I had it on me, you can see it in my prom pictures, ugh

I'm telling you, niggas like me fall out the sky. You don't just bump into me. I'm a real blessing, bro, nah, for real, bro

You know the times is rough, you know the times is hard
I never trust my neighbors, so we got burglar bars
You know the times is rough you know the times is hard
I never trust my neighbors so we got burglar bars, Lord, yeah, okay
You know the times is rough you know the times is hard
I never trust my neighbors so we got burglar bars
You know the times is rough you know the times is hard
I never trust my neighbors so we got burglar bars, Lord, Lord

Lord knows
Woke up today, gave thanks
Grateful to see another day, then the storm came
As the night falls, I shed my blood, sweat and tears
Let the rain fall, let it fall, let it fall
One day
Your love will take me right over the stars, Lord knows

That soulful trap music, man. Yeah, I'm talkin' 'bout Section 8, I'm talkin' 'bout the 'partments. You stay in the middle, someone stay on top of you, someone stay below you. What you know about grabbing a broom and shit and hitting upstairs like, "Y'all stop fucking stomping! Y'all stop walking so mothafuckin' hard!" Then the people downstairs, they doing the same shit to us. Tru, trill shitChasing, chasing, chasing, chasing
Eyy I'm like a bad doctor I ain't got no patience
Eyy, uuhh, eyy

Chasing, chasing, chasing  all this paper chasing
I'm like a bad doctor, I ain't got no patience (Yeah)
I'm gon' work for months, I won't take vacations (That's Right)
Chasing, chasing, chasing all this paper chasing
Chasing, chasing, chasing all this paper chasing
I'm like a bad doctor, I ain't got no patience (No patience)
I'm gon' work for months, I won't take vacations (Right)
'Cause I'm chasing, chasing, chasing all this paper chasing

I don't care about them other niggas
We came up from nothing, it was never  with us
Tell Kairi I love her, if they ever get us out of town
Poppin with 11 niggas
You want this cuban, you will never get it
Couple hundred thousand, I will never spend it
Sneak dissing, I was never with it
I got money coming, I ain't never tripping
Ferg and your boy on and paper chasing
All of these diamonds, they look like a lake and I mix the Margiela with Bathing Ape
I put codeine in the Gatorade
I walk in the club and the boss stop
Can't pronounce what I pulled out the car lot (Scurr)
Emotional niggas be all in their feeling 'cus killing they bitch had a soft spot (My bad)
In the jungle, I got tiger in me
Fake pages, you cannot offend me
Jumping out a foreign from without a penny
Had a hood booger, now a model with me
I go deliver on a Sunday
Using feature money for the gunplay
I'm driving drunk down a one way
Since I got a F, ain't caught one case, Eastside

Chasing, chasing, chasing  all this paper chasing
I'm like a bad doctor, I ain't got no patience (Yeah)
I'm gon' work for months, I won't take vacations (Right)
Chasing, chasing, chasing all this paper chasing
Chasing, chasing, chasing all this paper chasing
I'm like a bad doctor, I ain't got no patience (Yeah)
I'm gon' work for months, I won't take vacations (Right)
Cause I'm chasing, chasing, chasing all this paper chasing

Chasing, chasing, all this paper chasing
I'ma work for months, all this money making
Fucking on your lady while you're masturbating
Me and Dave East finna rule a nation (Yeah)
Money smile like I'm Richard Porter
Uncle used to pitch the water
Gotta meet his quota, I was young and stealin' quarter waters
Now my diamonds colder than Minnesota
Fuck your bitch, I'ont even call her
Buy her Louis, I'ont even spoil her
Short nigga but my money taller
Cus my flow is hotter than a fucking sauna
Live in Harlem like I'm Frank Lucas
Dentist put a diamond where the tooth is
White and black bitch like clueless
Montell Will, how we do this

Chasing, chasing, chasing  all this paper chasing (yeah)
I'm like a bad doctor, I ain't got no patience (Yeah)
I'm gon' work for months, I won't take vacations (That's right)
Chasing, chasing, chasing all this paper chasing
Chasing, chasing, chasing all this paper chasing
I'm like a bad doctor, I ain't got no patience (Yeah)
I'm gon' work for months, I won't take vacations (Right)
Cause I'm chasing, chasing, chasing all this paper chasingMom if you can hear me, I think I made it
20,000 fans from the stage I'm standing on
I want you to know I appreciate it
One day I'll come home, we can celebrate
Mom I gotta go, the curtain's calling
All the way from Rome, I'm really sorry
Tell my little sister I said hey
One day I'll come home, we can celebrate

Yeah these late nights and these long drives
Full moon under dark skies
Tears fall behind phone screens
Lonely hearts lead to bad dreams
Wish that I could be there for you
I hope that life will be fair for you
It's hard to sleep cause I'm always thinking
And passing out off of codeine
And I hope you know that I'm not complaining
Hope you know I appreciate it
Every day is just filled with love
Man every day is just thanks and praises
But memories of your birthday, they get me in the worst ways
When you say, "dad, it's okay."
When you get home we can celebrate

Mom if you can hear me, I think I made it
20,000 fans from the stage I'm standing on
I want you to know I appreciate it
One day I'll come home, we can celebrate
Mom I gotta go, the curtain's calling
All the way from Rome, I'm really sorry
Tell my little sister I said hey
One day I'll come home, we can celebrate

Not the money, not the fame
Love the struggle, love the pain
After all that we have gained
We realize we're all the same
Sacrifice my brothers cried
We've been gone when family died
Losing my focus, symphonies open
Singing my opus, just think for a moment
One day I'll get home and we can throw a big party
Invite other people that helped us get started to
To all of you artists that feel a martyr
Don't ever give up, you just gotta go harder

Mom if you can hear me, I think I made it
20,000 fans from the stage I'm standing on
I want you to know I appreciate it
One day I'll come home, we can celebrate
Mom I gotta go, the curtain's calling
All the way from Rome, I'm really sorry
Tell my little sister I said hey
One day I'll come home, we can celebrate

Every night feels like another weekend
Keep pretending that it's easy
Sold my soul for a wrecking ball
I shot at the moon but I mostly fall

Mom if you can hear me, I think I made it
20,000 fans from the stage I'm standing on
I want you to know I appreciate it
One day I'll come home, we can celebrate
Mom I gotta go, the curtain's calling
All the way from Rome, I'm really sorry
Tell my little sister I said hey
One day I'll come home, we can celebrate
One day I'll come home, we can celebrateOnly Sixteen

I'm on the phone with lil' mane, tryna see the move
It's in the streets so you know I'm goin' with my mood
I got a shoota' on my side every time I move
Say he plottin' when he try, put him on the news
I'm head huncho of that gang, and I call shots
These niggas runnin' to the laws when we let off shots
I leave the house protected when up in the block
XL magazine hangin' off the Glock
I stop by OG Beanie for to get some purple
I got a lot on my mind so I roll up
If you know me then you know I ain't no hoe
How the fuck you bring them niggas in my circle
If it ain't about the guap, you can't talk 'bout nothin'
I'm the sickest with this shit, you know how I'm comin'
I go ape, but I'm still king of the jungle
Before I stand down, gotta put me under
I'm in the north, nigga you know where to find us
I'm with that gang and you knowin' that we strapped up
Lotta shots, no we don't need no backup
All that reppin' like you steppin' get you lined up
Everywhere I go you know I keep that iron tucked
Just in case I run into some problems
Never sleepin', keep it with me, nigga run up he gon' get it
Any interferences you know we ain't trippin'
When it's time for to beefin' runnin' to the choppas
Let down the window when it hit, all you see is fire
Do anything in the world for my sister, momma
Fuck a bitch, I don't talk to my baby mama
And I better not hear my name flyin' through the wind
Make me send Pap for to spin the Benz
I appreciate the love but don't need the fame
I just want the money, I don't want no friends
Deno knockin' at the door, let him come inside
Ben wet em up, somebody want a 35
Cold hearted, lost my mind when Lil Dave died
Uncle told, know my daddy doin' fifty five
187, 211 it's a homicide
Strapped up choppas with us when we take the ride
Thirty niggas sendin' shots from the other side
We gon' see who gon' ride when you niggas die
Dave gone nigga hit my dog with a choppa
Come round the building, caught him slippin', Pap say he got him
NBA GG, we don't do no partners
Catch the fool, we gon' burn him and his partner
Gettin' money, gang gang, no I won't change
Somebody rattin' how they knew about the purp & the codeine
The moral of the story's the money, mane
I ain' trustin' he too deep, so I'm hustlin' with my team
I can't wait 'til I get on, for my gang I got 'em
Half everything I'ma give it to my momma
Me and P gon' live it up cause we was robbin' for the dollaz
Time in the cage for the love of the money
Walked in with my gang... with my gang NBA
It ain't no turn down, turn up to the morning
Whole lotta money
Walked to one side and them bad bitches followin'

Broke niggas, I don't get along with 'em
Walked in just me and my niggas (Just me and my gang)
Bad bitches follow us when we hit the door, heard spyder gang came with us
Bitches want your money, niggas want your fame
Some locked up, Some put up in the grave
On Lil Dave, gang gang, no I won't change
The moral of the story's the money, mane
Broke niggas, I don't get along with 'em
Walked in just me and my niggas (Just me and my gang)
Bad bitches follow us when we hit the door, heard spyder gang came with us
Bitches want your money, niggas want your fame
Some locked up, Some put up in the grave
On Lil Dave, gang gang, no I won't change
The moral of the story's the money, maneShe wanna fuck me for free
Even when I'm telling her no
All of this money on me
I can't be chasing no ho
I got Givenchy on me
I got that shit from the store
All of these diamonds on me
She see that shit when it glow

She wanna fuck me for free
She wanna fuck me for free
She wanna fuck me for free
She wanna fuck me for free
You can't get nothing for free
You cannot fuck me for free
Ho don't you touch me for free
You cannot fuck me for free

Come at these niggas in full effect
I got that cup and it's full of Tech
This for the times that we couldn't flex
So I look like a check when I'm fully dressed
They cannot record
Cause I'm talking that shit that they cannot afford
I walk in the store
They ringing me up and they bringing me more
I met that freak on the tour
I made her sleep on the floor
Pouring codeine by the four
We never beefing with whores
I'm B.I.G in a link chain
Killer Cam in a pink Range
East coast, I'm like King James
I done came up, nigga things changed
Hold up, hold up, nigga wait a second
Nigga kick game on David Beckham
Niggas going through a lyr-recession
You get paid to party, we get paid to step in
She call me crazy as fuck
Cause I make her pay me to fuck
But ho you ain't pay me enough
Cruising through, driving the Wraith like a bus
I got your ho giving face in the cut

She wanna fuck me for free
Even when I'm telling her no
All of this money on me
I can't be chasing no ho
I got Givenchy on me
I got that shit from the store
All of these diamonds on me
She see that shit when it glow

She wanna fuck me for free
She wanna fuck me for free
She wanna fuck me for free
She wanna fuck me for free
You can't get nothing for free
You cannot fuck me for free
Ho don't you touch me for free
You cannot fuck me for free

Bankroll, bankroll, bankroll, I know it's bankrolls
Pesos, make those, chains glow, diamonds on me rainbow
They gon' hate while I make more, it will never change though
They know, they know, they know, yeah nigga they know
Police on me, so you know we gotta stay low
Phone ring all day, won't speak unless you know the lingo
Don't think anything's OK, it ain't ever safe though
Up to something, why y'all think I'm taking breaks though?
Lurking in my Birkin, Maybach with the curtains
Seats moving when we turning, OG blunts burning
Buying chains 'cause we earned it, every call, man I swerve it
Loyalty and hard working, lot of niggas never learned it

She wanna fuck me for free
Even when I'm telling her no
All of this money on me
I can't be chasing no ho
I got Givenchy on me
I got that shit from the store
All of these diamonds on me
She see that shit when it glow

She wanna fuck me for free
She wanna fuck me for free
She wanna fuck me for free
She wanna fuck me for free
You can't get nothing for free
You cannot fuck me for free
Ho don't you touch me for free
You cannot fuck me for freeHaha, DMBeezy
Trill Ryan on the beat, yo
Exit
(K-Wop mixed it)

She gon' go on the sound of my whistle
While she grippin' on my pistol
She gon' fuck tonight, dismiss her, her, her
She gon' go on the sound of my whistle
While she grippin' on my pistol
She gon' fuck tonight, dismiss her, her, her

I need a bad bitch that's real nasty
The type to fuck your homies, but she classy
The type to suck your dick without asking
I like a bitch that pull up and get to action, yeah, yeah
We don't play, yeah, yeah
We shoot to spray, yeah, yeah
We don't play, play
I don't want no girlfriend
But I think I'm feelin' you
And I know you feelin' me (Ayy, ayy, ayy)
You gon' be alright, no one's fuckin' with me
I don't want no girlfriend
But I think I'm feelin' you
And I know you' feelin' me
You gon' be alright, no one's fuckin' with me

She gon' go on the sound of my whistle
While she grippin' on my pistol
She gon' fuck tonight, dismiss her, her, her
She gon' go on the sound of my whistle
While she grippin' on my pistol
She gon' fuck tonight, dismiss her, her, her

Mask come out quick, backdoor, pop shit
City, I'm the locksmith, you niggas in my shit
Bands on my kicks, they know me up in Saks Fifth
Got Gotti on the tracklist, too easy with this rap shit
I ate behind bars, but now bars how I'm eatin'
Beatin' out the work when you didn't starve with your people
I don't know why they put two hundred on the dash, I'm a demon
It go down when everybody 'round you ride for no reason, ayy
We be on that gutter shit, plot twist, they lovin' it
Ain't worried 'bout that other bitch 'cause I be with my other bitch
You sleepin', don't want none of this, want beef? Get the oven mitt
Codeine, get to snubbin' shit, whole team get a fumble in, ayy
Halloween, you think it's Purge the way my mask on
Leave a nigga brown and dirty like a bad thong
They like, "How you turn to rap? You ain't gon' last long"
A hundred grams my neck, but I made it off my last song

She gon' go on the sound of my whistle
While she grippin' on my pistol
She gon' fuck tonight, dismiss her, her, her
She gon' go on the sound of my whistle
While she grippin' on my pistol
She gon' fuck tonight, dismiss her, her, her

Her
Her
Her, her, her

She gon' go on the sound of my whistle
While she grippin' on my pistol
She gon' fuck tonight, dismiss her, her, her
She gon' go on the sound of my whistle
While she grippin' on my pistol
She gon' fuck tonight, dismiss her, her, herAye Kodak .. Yea I'm fresh out man, this that summer jam man
Yall slide this shit 'til school start back

Look, I'm 'bout to slide on ya ass
I ain't lookin' at ya, got my eyes on the cash
Baby daddy with me, he on C class
Look, I kill the scene dead, flies on ya ass
I feel codeine in my tank .. but ima pump 89 for the gas
Summertime niggas on the grind with the slab
Overtime nigga finna ride 'til ya crash
Baby I ain't tryna make ya laugh, but call me butthead
Got my mind on ya ass
This ain't a disguise, this a mask
This ain't a Nissan, this a Jag
No surprise boy you know I'm gone spaz
All that money gettin boy you know they gone ask
I ain't finna play, put the .40 on ya ass
In a Audi thing, 240 on the dash
Ya girlfriend know we got bags
Got her in the hotel, shorty getting smashed
It's just me and my niggas having a blast, living fast, buying the things we never had
We just love stunting, we ain't never like to brag
All us thuggin', we ain't never had a dad
I did a lot of dirt in my past, later on the cell came, bit me in the ass
Lately I be hit the beat with the tab
Lately I been doing shows back to back
Free Chattboy, free Cool
Im going hard, I ain't going back to school
Bob the Builder youngin' on the corner with the tool
Swimming in the money, what you doing in the pool?
Took flight, then I landed on the news
Playing with them bands, I ain't playing by the rules
Please stop playing girl you know how we do
Menajahtwa, bada-bing, bada-boom

Haa, this that summer jam .. go tell ya momma them
This shit right here make you..
This shit right here make you wanna go run up a check
This shit right here make you wanna go put some golds in ya mouth or something..
Or go cop a foreign or something
Or get you some money, man run up a check

Kodak Bop, this the money dance
Ran up a check, get that money man
Ran up a check, I be dufflin'
Ran up a check, do the Running Man
Ran up a check, pop them rubber bands
Ran up a check, run it up again
Ran up a check, ran up a check
Fuck my ex, I ran up a checkAll I ever wanted
To make it to the top
All I ever wanted
To count all this guap
All I ever wanted
Was a hundred fuckin' bricks & a hundred fuckin' licks
All I ever wanted
Was a bad lil bitch do anything to get me rich
All I ever wanted
For my mama to be straight & I can get this cake
All I ever wanted
To call up my plug and I ain't gotta wait

Yous a broke nigga boy
You want some pussy and some liquor
Got a bad bitch eatin' a bitch pussy
While a bitch rollin' my swishers
I got 4 or 5 trap houses
Doin' 6 figures
I'm that nigga
I'm that nigga
I ain't gotta pull that trigger
And I'm so comfortable cookin' this brick
I put a couch up in my kitchen
The way I load this base
Youda thought I was a pitcher
Keep a long nose shit
Call me Scotty Pippin
Niggas sneak dissin' shit
I ain't even hear em

All I ever wanted
To make it to the top
All I ever wanted
To count all this guap
All I ever wanted
Was a hundred fuckin' bricks & a hundred fuckin' licks
All I ever wanted
Was a bad lil bitch do anything to get me rich
All I ever wanted
For my mama to be straight & I can get this cake
All I ever wanted
To call up my plug and I ain't gotta wait

Free Rondo
Got a couple bricks in the condo
In case Marshall kick in my door
Gotta move shots
Chicago
All I ever wanted
Was stupid shit
Mac 11
Coola kit
OTF we do the shit
Bills on ya
Can't touch a brick
Fuck a brick
Fuck a bitch
I need a M
Free da guys
Needed dem
Catch a opp
We leavin' dem
Twin keep a film
Wuk keep a ten
Now its about me ?]
Now all I ever wanted
To be the man
Do a hit
Lead the van
30 shot
Boogie man
Poppin' off
Fredo and nem'
It's a drill

All I ever wanted
To make it to the top
All I ever wanted
To count all this guap
All I ever wanted
Was a hundred fuckin' bricks & a hundred fuckin' licks
All I ever wanted
Was a bad lil bitch do anything to get me rich
All I ever wanted
For my mama to be straight & I can get this cake
All I ever wanted
To call up my plug and I ain't gotta waitSi je crie dans mes chansons, c'est le cœur qui parle
Si un jour je te tire dessus, c'est la rage qui parle
Session après session, je trouve la bonne cuisson
Quelques Mastas en prison, dehors rien ne change à l'horizon
J'suis dans le vaisseau mère, As-Salam aleykoum
Parle-moi d'oseille masta sinon, As-Salam aleykoum
Tu rap que de la merde ici, on s'en bat les couilles
Si mes OG's sont calibrés je vais prier pour vous
Pose pas trop de questions va promener ton chien, grosse chienne
Pourquoi les criminels mettent les gants ? C'est pour l'hygiène
Contre ces bâtards pas de pédagogie
Tuer sans la torture, je trouve c'est du gâchis

Tu me cherches mais je suis là là là
Que des massa-sa-sacres
Belek au ma-ca-caque

Chaque crime est organisé avec précaution
Si c'est lui le gros bâtard, négro : exécution
Codéïné, j'suis rhabat
Avec mes timal, on trouve que c'est tous des bom-bo-klat
On déboule pour l'exécution, pour le massa-ssacre
BMG mauvais, neg' for life

J'suis turfu-izé, argot Africanisé
Codéïné, flow Américanisé
Pourquoi hésiter ? Avec la haine, j'ai sympathisé
Bataralémé, aucun d'mes négros, dans l'bêtisier
Sur le réchaud, chauffe le pondu
Mon corps sera rempli de tattoos
Mes ennemis me soupçonnent de vaudou
Cagoulé, avec un boubou
Makassy dépuis le début, fragiles ils sont, depuis le fœtus
J'suis devant toi, le savais-tu ?
Maintenant dis-moi, que feras-tu ?
Masta vanda calme,  vendetta
La rue vend des grammes, résultat : que des drames
Capuché dès la sortie (Tchip)
Les putains me ves-qui (Tchip)
Faire semblant d'être bête, pour mieux les prendre en surprise
Masta, faut qu'je bra-bra-brasse
Espèces, négro, ca-ca-cash

Chaque crime est organisé avec précaution
Si c'est lui le gros bâtard, négro : exécution
Codéïné, j'suis rhabat
Avec mes timal, on trouve que c'est tous des bom-bo-klat
On déboule pour l'exécution, pour le massa-ssacre
BMG mauvais, neg' for lifeLove don't love me
Bitch I know
But the drugs still love me
That's for sure
She fell in love with a junkie, gettin' the dough
Fuck her one time, then show her to the door
Everything she said, I heard it all before
I see all these demons, they disguised as whores
All I know is count the money up from the floor
If the pussy good, I may just go get some more, more

Say she want my heart, she can't afford it
Maybe cause I'm on my way to getting on the Forbes list
Pretty jiggy nigga, can't ignore it
Ballin', bitch, I feel like Michael Jordan
Sip codeine, I'm snorin'
Til' the mornin'
Got the heater on my hip like global warming
Run up, you get shot, this is a warnin'
Freddy Kruger in your dreams, I'm filled with torment
She say that she love me, bitch, whatever that means
I remember her and all her friends were laughin' at me
Now they tell me I can fuck, that shit so funny to me
Lost ten thousand playin' basketball, one hundred to me

Love don't love me
Bitch I know
But the drugs still love me
That's for sure
She fell in love with a junkie, gettin' the dough
Fuck her one time, then show her to the door
Everything she said, I heard it all before
I see all these demons, they disguised as whores
All I know is count the money up from the floor
If the pussy good, I may just go get some more, moreOoh, ayy

Ayy, niggas be talkin' that bullshit, talkin' that blah-blah-blah, huh, yeah
These is Raf Simons, I'm just sippin' Wock', huh
Yeah, young nigga been runnin' them laps, young nigga been on the clock, uh
Pussy nigga tryin' me, he must wanna meet God
And these niggas been goin' out bad (Yeah)
These niggas been goin' out sad (Yeah)
Take a nigga out so fast
I was just on my last, ayy
Get it out the street, yeah
None of this shit ain't free, yeah
Stripes like a zebra
They know I won't freeze up

Huh, and that's it, huh, ayy, yeah
Brand new chopper got kick
Lil' nigga, you try me, swear you get killed, huh
Ayy, yeah, that's it, huh, yeah, ayy
Nigga cross the gang, on my mama, he get dipped, hmm
Yeah, and that's that (And that's that), ayy
Drive the 'Rari all black, draw down, you ain't gettin' shit back
We some snakes, nigga, you a rat
Strapped up, nigga, I can't lack
Knock her down, make her lick my sack
Birkin bag, she hold my strap

Ayy, niggas be talkin' that bullshit, talkin' that blah-blah-blah, huh, yeah
These is Raf Simons, I'm just sippin' Wock', huh
Yeah, young nigga been runnin' them laps, young nigga been on the clock, uh
Pussy nigga tryin' me, he must wanna meet God
And these niggas been goin' out bad (Yeah)
These niggas been goin' out sad (Yeah)
Take a nigga out so fast
I was just on my last, ayy
Get it out the street, yeah
None of this shit ain't free, yeah
Stripes like a zebra
They know I won't freeze up (Ayy, let's go)

Stripes on me like Adidas, I'm sipping codeine, pour an eight in a liter
They gave that shit life, got a young nigga grieving
These diamonds from Elliot wet and they freezing
Told my lawyer I ain't going, might as well give me the chair, yeah, yeah
Moncler, hmm, bitch, we out of here, yeah (Ayy)
Niggas be talking that bullshit, might as well save your breath (Blah-blah-blah)
Send them young niggas where you stay, leave that shit a mess, ayy
Cross the gang, get you whacked, hmm
Go to war, Armageddon
Send them real killers, gon' slide on you
Might knock you off in a jet

Ayy, niggas be talkin' that bullshit, talkin' that blah-blah-blah, huh, yeah
These is Raf Simons, I'm just sippin' Wock', huh
Yeah, young nigga been runnin' them laps, young nigga been on the clock, uh
Pussy nigga tryin' me, he must wanna meet God
And these niggas been goin' out bad (Yeah)
These niggas been goin' out sad (Yeah)
Take a nigga out so fast
I was just on my last, ayy
Get it out the street, yeah
None of this shit ain't free, yeah
Stripes like a zebra
They know I won't freeze up

Hahaha
Punch in on the clock, young nigga gotta get this shit locked
Young nigga, know how I rock
Push up, we gon' drop him off
Sippin' syrup, I ain't got no coughI threw 60 racks and it came back
I was gettin' some neck from a nat, gave her brain back
Please don't ask me if I'm done with your bitch, no not yet
Thirteen racks on new Yves St. Laurent, look like I made that
I got 20 racks stuffed inside my fuckin' skinnies, bitch
Fuck that ratch, you are nothin' but another skinny bitch
I got 20 racks for a new sadity bitch
20 racks in my mothafuckin' skinnies, bitch

Still off that codeine, I ain't piss yet
I got 26s, where the bottom of my whip at?
And my mothafuckin' bitch a redhead
Yellow bone, bitch, yeah, walk around in somethin' red then
I just paid 2 thousand for some Christian Lou', not knockoff
Waitin' on plug to pull up with that Actavis, not knockoff
Better not pull up with that fuckin' Hi-Tech shit, not at all
I just pushed up in some new designer shit, not from the mall

I threw 60 racks and it came back
I was gettin' some neck from a nat, gave her brain back
Please don't ask me if I'm done with your bitch, no not yet
Thirteen racks on new Yves St. Laurent, look like I made that
I got 20 racks stuffed inside my fuckin' skinnies, bitch
Fuck that ratch, you are nothin' but another skinny bitch
I got 20 racks for a new sadity bitch
20 racks in my mothafuckin' skinnies, bitch

Still off that codeine, I ain't piss yet
I got 26s, where the bottom of my whip at?Eleven seven love, no seven-seventy, 'round the town
Press push, no transpose
Let me hear that natural tone
Find a spot to make it go
To a place you'll never go
Where you tryna go, I'm tryna go
I got the keys, you got the house
I got the vibe, you got the juice
I got the—ooh
I got the mic

I had a vision, yeah
A room full of women, yeah
All of them were driven, yeah
Straight independent, yeah

French neck but she plays like she's from Virginia
Body from the Bay and she knows the slang
Mouth piece codeine with a bunch of reefer (Ah)
Been around town but she keep it secret

Wanna show you off, you a bad one (She bad)
Rock you on my neck, you motivate me, you're just what I need
If they snap us they gonna need a frame on deck
Basquiat soul, you're painting love the best (I'm so)
Rebellious when it come to this
(What you even mean? What you even dream?)

I had a vision, yeah
A room full of women, yeah
All of them were driven, yeah
Straight independent, yeah

Got a square frame, but she deemed a legend
Hip-Hop claim she like an eleven
Take all my thoughts and my ideas
Wall so thick, call her IKEA (IKEA)
So lit when I plug in
So in sync, in sync when I'm loving (Lady Lady)
Knock and rock, call her Aaliyah, call her Aaliyah
Knock and rock, call her Aliyah
Rock the bo—shh, shut up, you can't clear that sample
Bring the chorus

I had a vision, yeah
A room full of women, yeah
All of them were driven, yeah
Straight independent, yeah

Touching you is so easy
Swear it's muscle-muscle-muscle-muscle 'mory
Mix chick, and she black, white, enchanting
Lady, lady won't you come with me?

Hit hard, hit soft (Velocity)
Turn left, turn right (Knobby knees)
Go up, go down (Variety)
Same time, same time (Melody)
Hit hard, hit soft (Velocity)
Turn left, turn right (Knobby knees)
Go up, go down (Variety)
Same time, same time (Melody)
Hit hard, hit soft (Velocity)
Turn left, turn right (Knobby knees)
Go up, go down (Variety)
Same time, same time (Melody)T-shirt made by Louis (Louis)
Soon as I do it they do it (do it, yeah)
Running through the money like there ain't nothing to it
I know I say it all the time but I ain't gonna do it
7.62's
Don't start everything goes on my block
Bad vibes in my archive
New Rolls Royce I don't drive

Chanel belt drip (drip)
FN extended clip (clip)
Michael 
Codeine take a sip (sip)
I got in my bag I ain't coming out
I still having bags I ain't running out
Sometimes I have thoughts then I have doubts
Then I go hard and it work out
Taking these perc's down I need to chill
Used to be a couple thousand now an M
I'm making moves with her with no film
I know she gotta go and tell her friend
Tryna give them the ball but they ain't gonna get it
They don't even wanna try cause they see us winning
Got the homie on trial I just hope he win it
I've been killing these niggas
Lord I'm a sinner

T-shirt made by Louis (Louis)
Soon as I do it they do it (do it, yeah)
Running through the money like there ain't nothing to it
I know I say it all the time but I ain't gonna do it
7.62's
Don't start everything goes on my block
Bad vibes in my archive
New Rolls Royce I don't drive

Same clothes for a week straight
Me and Baby stacking this cheesecake
Anything on my block 
Off white made me a rock star (off white)
Still fucking with them hotboys running from cop cars (fuck 12)
And when we started to rap we knew shit would to pop off (Lets Go)
Amiri Jeans rock the skinny fit
Marlo Keep it real as shit
Name another nigga as real is this
Take care of the family how real it get
.223 that's supposed to 
7.62's 
And I'm still fucking the baddest bitch

T-shirt made by Louis (Louis)
Soon as I do it they do it (do it, yeah)
Running through the money like there ain't nothing to it
He'll say it all the time but he ain't gonna do it
7.62's
Don't start everything goes on my block
Bad vibes in my archive
New Rolls Royce I don't driveMy way or the highway, of course, ayy, ayy

Once I spend that shit, it's gone
So I don't think twice about no bitch
(Icey, I'm so sick of you)
I fell in love with them SRTs
We used to have dreams of them plain X6s
Start comin' 'round and they think you rich
Half a year later, I was end up lost
I was in a highspeed with your bitch
She ain't even panic, she ain't got one flaw
Mama just really want me to kick that cup
All I wanna do is move her out
I'm really hooked on that codeine
One more cup and I swear I'm out
Live life syrup, sip green in a drought, uh, ayy, ayy, ayy
Fuck that bitch, I'm flawless, syrup it out
Two-door kitty all through the city
Kitty in the engine, purrin' it out, man
Fuck that bitch, I'm flawless, syrup it out, uh, ayy
Niggas can't even get near me, ain't worried about 'em
Too much envy, can't play friendly
After you get your curve, get out, uh, uh
Fuck that bitch, I'm flawless, syrup it out, uh, yeah
Ain't no more on the highway, I curve 'em out
Too many demons, too much schemin'
I gotta figure my worries out
I'm in the demon doin' two hundred
If I make one turn, I'm out
Fuck that bitch, I'm flawless, syrup it out, uh
Fuck that bitch, I'm flawless, syrup it out, uh, ayy, ayy

Once I, ayy, ooh, ayy
Once I spend that shit, it's gone
So I don't think twice about no bitch
I feel in love with them SRTs
We used to have dreams of them plain X6s
Fuck that bitch, I'm flawless, syrup it out, ayy
Fuck that bitch, I'm flawless, syrup it out, ayy
Ooh, ayy, ayy, ayy
Fuck that bitch, I'm flawless, syrup it out, ayyUm
So guess who's coming to dinner, a nigga
I'm thinking my liver is filled up with liquor
So best to be next to that blonde
Who came with her mom blood bath and beyond my nigga
That's period talk, your mensi-flow
I sold that ho that donkey show
A eenie meenie miney
Bitch I'm high so please oblige me
Wine and dine, a waste of time
Unless it's all on my parent's dime
Nothing like eating for free my friend
Fucking right, have it with cheese my friend
No beans included, peas into it
Codeine-influenced, guess she's into it
Still a half a pill of daffodil
Relax in fact a natural healer
Lands surreal but feel so real
Our minds combine sublime in here
Now here we are inside a place, a space of matter
Matter fact a pattern rap can't change the fact
I feel so trapped, now how was that
Now who is this I'm thinking of and who is this
I'm making raw sex, I'm vegan leaving
Semen gleaming down this bitch's back
I'm colorful manilla bone chillers
Slum villain kill kill em
My pen will kill upon dollar die
Witness I kill a guy
Eating fries, getting high
Ghost of machine don't let a nigga wifi
High five a white guy, drinking on a Mai Tai
Bye bye nigga so bye bye nigga

Practice prolonged hours of meditation, in these trance states they are more receptive and suggestible, encourage separation of their family
(Cult followers)
Your friends and family probably won't understand
Your friends and family probably won't understand
It doesn't sound like your family and friends really love you if they can't support your new decision
Maybe you should stay away from them, it's unhealthy for you to be around unenlightened people anyway
If you can't recruit your friends, cut off from them
Stop wasting time with nonbelievers
Stop wasting time with nonbelieversJ'regarde la Terre trembler sans codéine
Car ses bourrelets m'font tanguer l'temps qu'elle obéisse
Dans la vie, j'parle pas trop car il faut qu'j'écrive
Et j'fais pas d'rature
La plupart vomissent
Le Tipp-Ex, c'est pour les yeux, pas les sacs-à-dos Eastpak
Les 'caves m'applaudissent
Même les trav' masochistes
Pourtant, je n'cesse de les insulter
C'est pas fairplay, j'fais des tacles à domicile
Pas d'cadeau, j'milite
Car j'ai pas d'flouze, ah oui
J'passe de 4 sous à 1 000
Devant la Katsumi
Dans son film en cassette 'as-p' flouté
C'est encore mieux que quand j'braque, saoul, la Brinks, poto
Faudrait pas jouer l'fou à lier avec des bougs sous amné'
Enlève tes chouchous, allez !
Fais-nous voir tes cicatrices, man !
Montre-nous qu't'es c'maudit c'lard-vi
Que l'on boursoufle, allez !
C'est moi l'chouchou d'ces dames
Dégagés comme des gaz, c'est grave
Quand j'téma' toutes ces bandes de lâches
Tant de 'pé-ra' sur la vente de Tas' et genre que leur vie
Dis pas qu'l'ambiance est Ashkénaze
 (X2)
Ok, j'dégomme, j'égorge
Je fais du rentre-dedans
La nuit, j'déforme les bords
Et Morphée en r'demande
J'fais d'la vente d'encre
Et tous les cancrelats
S'débranchent les dents d'devant
A force de prendre du hasch

Allez, j'éclate douze teh'
J'suis un blockbuster
J'aimerais bien aimer tout l'monde sans faire d'partouze gay
Mais c'est glauque, docteur !
Quand j'ai l'flash à la bouche
J'parle baba-cool
J'me r'vois l'schlass à la couche
Dangereux comme une hache à la crèche
T'fâches pas, ma belle
C'est mes barges à la ouh ouais !
J'passe de la chasse à la douche comme le sale gosse que j'suis
Condamne tout c'que pardonne le fric
J'écouterai tes conseils quand la sage-femme accouchera et qu'elle fermera sa gueule
J'tape fort, qu'est-ce qu'il marmonne, ce p'tit ?
Qui s'croit hardcore (hardcore) car sa daronne le dit
Faut qu'j'lui cartonne le jean's avec mon fluide qui colle
Pour qu'il sache que c'est mal de rapper sans fond, sans flow
D'jouer les biscuits morts

100 % chaud
Sans consentement
Dans l'fond, j't'engrosse
Ahahaha
NQNT 2
Souye Gang rentre dans la piste !Room full of women, champagne sipping
Codeine cups kinda slowing up my vision
Swisha sweet yeah, but it ain't sweeter than Crystal
That's my ex bitch outta Texas, dedicate this to her
H-Town living, purple Sprite sipping
In and out of town for a late night visit
Party all night, so the clocks still ticking
Hold up, let me start from the beginning
First, we chopped it up and she schooling me like the way she blew me
Had her dripping like candy paint, pussy like a Jacuzzi
"Love you baby" she said that, I ain't fronting I said back
Because I thought I had a rider, now I'm wishing I could replay it back

Girl, I know you told me that you found somebody
But I never thought it could be true
Now I'm tripping cause you could have had anybody
Instead of someone of my crew

You know what you did, to get back to me
Now you fucking with him, thought you was fucking with me
But you ain't gonna break me baby, I won't let you get to me
So I'm in my phone and I'm gon' call up some company, got this drank in my cupAll of my niggas they trappin'
All of my niggas they workin'
All of my niggas they servin'
All of my niggas they trappin'
All of my niggas they workin'
All of my niggas they servin'
Pour up the drank I'm thirsty
My back against the wall, me against the world
All eyes on me, I keep the iron with me
R.I.P to Doe B, my back against the wall, me against the world
My back against the wall, me against the world

I'm swervin', I'm speedin', I'm servin', I'm conin'
You want it, I got it, I'm pulling up with it, come get it
I pull up and count that paper then I dip
With nothing less than a .40 on my hip
Got 30 bitches and 30 bullets in my clip
Fled the scene, burning rubber now I'm gone
My nigga just got out the pen now they back home
I had to get rid of my bitch cause she didn't listen
The fuck you think that make you if you hang with snitches
Wanted some new bling on my wrist so I spent 50
Gave my barber a extra tip just to have me extra crispy
Ya dig me?

All of my niggas they trappin'
All of my niggas they workin'
All of my niggas they servin'
All of my niggas they trappin'
All of my niggas they workin'
All of my niggas they servin'
Pour up the drank I'm thirsty
My back against the wall, me against the world
All eyes on me, I keep the iron with me
R.I.P to Doe B, my back against the wall, me against the world
My back against the wall, me against the world

I heard they hatin' on their kid
Make me pull up on you nigga which yo own bitch
Spent a check on my neck and my wrist and my whip
Just to take a nigga bitch, nothing but Codeine when I piss
In the Range Rover doing 100, switchin' lanes you know I'm gettin' blunted
I can't be nobody else but me, got a lot of love in these streets
Got it out the mud in these streets, went and got a plug in these streets
Came back and flooded these streets
I run game like a pimp nigga
I don't fuck with lames, I only link with real niggas
If ya a real one, we can match a pint and make a toast
Got some real ones in the DMV, Chicago and the west coast
UH

All of my niggas they trappin'
All of my niggas they workin'
All of my niggas they servin'
All of my niggas they trappin'
All of my niggas they workin'
All of my niggas they servin'
Pour up the drank I'm thirsty
My back against the wall, me against the world
All eyes on me, I keep the iron with me
R.I.P to Doe B, my back against the wall, me against the world
My back against the wall, me against the worldCodeine on rocks, most definitely one up top
The stuffices we still with all of that

My low got killers inside of it
40 with 30 inside of it
Got a rubber handle and a beam on it
You know it got all of the condiments
My low got killers inside of it
40 with 30 inside of it
Got a rubber handle and a beam on it
You know it got all of the condiments
You know I'm with all of the stuffices
They must know who they fuckin' with
He was 16 when he lost his life
They must not know that it come with this
They must not know she gon' run it in
They must not know she a hooker
They must not know that my block boom
They must not know I'm a pusher
My brother on level 4 right now
He prolly got shank on him right now
I wish I could bring him home right now
They gave him all day till them lights out
My brother on level 4 right now
He prolly got shank on him right now
I wish I could bring him home right now
They gave him all day till them lights out
Roll up then pour up a five ounce
Sip till I slip in the coma
I'm in H-Town with this Cali loud
These niggas gon' trip on this odor
I said, roll up then pour up a five ounce
Sip till I slip in the coma
I'm in H-Town with this Cali loud
These niggas gon' trip on that odor
I can't let you kiss on me son
I just can't let you kiss on the soda
I can't let you kiss on the soda
I can't let you kiss on the soda
Sent the bitch to Minnesota
Got a bitch in my Fendi bending over
She told me she fuck with my partner
She told me to watch him cause he gettin over
I said, sent the bitch to Minnesota
Got a bitch in my Fendi bending over
She told me she fuck with my partner
She told me to watch him cause he gettin over
Gucci buckle for the holster
I promise to God I'm a stoner
She said she pregnant by Mozzy?
I promise to God I don't know her
Don't leak or get caught in the open
Cause nigga get smoked, just ask the opponents
Don't leak or get caught in the open
Cause nigga get smoked, just ask the opponentts
I swear to God they ain't want it
Girl, I swear to God they ain't want it
Nigga swear to God they ain't want it
I swear to God they ain't want it
Finna book a flight to California
Over 10 bands in my luggage
I just be thumbin' through hundred
These niggas ain't playin' with no ducket
Finna book a flight to California
It's over 10 bands in my luggage
I just be thumbin' through hundred
These niggas ain't playin' with no duckets

I'm purchasin' pistols and buckets
For all my lil niggas they'll kill you for nothin'
I'm purchasin' pistols and buckets
For all my lil niggas they'll kill you for nothin'
It's hell gang like a motherfucker
Hell gang like a motherfucker
Hell gang like a motherfucker
I'm purchasin' pistols and buckets
For all my lil niggas they'll kill you for nothin'
I'm purchasin' pistols and buckets
For all my lil niggas they'll kill you for nothin'
It's hell gang like a motherfucker
Hell gang like a motherfucker
Hell gang like a motherfucker
I'm purchasin' pistols and buckets
For all my lil niggas they'll kill you for nothin'
Huh, easy money nigga like a lay-upThat what we do
That what he do

Me and Ike we be finnessing on the plug (That what we do)
Money do he jugging packs he run it up (That what he do)
Seventy-five a line my nigga this that mud (Oh that's that oil)
Remixing with the karo I can't show no love (REMIX)

Here's a jugg story 'bout fo' trap brothers
Daddy in the Feds broke as hell stay with they mother
Till the older brother came in with fo' pints (FINESSE)
Bounce em' back to 6 and it changed they whole life (Okay)
So he the second oldest he looked up to Janky Jew
Watch the karo and finesses so he did the same too (Okay)
Show them how to hit them pints
Tote them pipes, shoot them dice (Ahuh)
Then one day he served a random trapper twice his name was Ike

And him and Ike they start finessing on the plug (That what we do)
Money do he jugging packs he run it up (That what he do)
Seventy-five a line my nigga this that mud (Now that's that act)
Remixing with the karo I can't show no love (Don't get that back)

Maxo brother charged with murder now the whole hood looking
All the pistols Maxo see was serving they was trying to murk him
Had to stop slanging out the house
Pull up curve serve his gwap
And junkies in the trap he got the nosey neighbors nervous
Shake on the Connery, rock in the pot
Block got hot so his mama kick him out
Plug and dough help him set up shop
And it was a stain on a drink-strong diet
Good to re-up on bars and act
Fucking up the sack couldn't grab no packs
Maxo branched out, started coppin himself
Serve like the money do everything else

So him and Ike they kept finessing on the plug (That what we do)
Money do he jugging packs and run it up (That what he do)
Seventy-five a line my nigga this that mud (Now that's that act)
Remxing with the karo I can't show no love (Aww)
(Trap)

On the South was busting tools
Maxo pistol play with her
Ike attended TSU
Started trapping in 3rd ward
In the classroom Ike would slang
Maxo jugging on the yard
Maxo hot he dodging laws
Campus police canine dogs
See Maxo was a nuisance serving students by the bleachers (Who didn't?)
Had no school so cops would still supply the couple teachers (Supply the couple teachers)
Posted by the dorm selling athletes doobie roaches
In traffic after practice flip a package to the coaches (Ahuh)
Harvest season come around and all the plugs they wanna tax
He brought Jimmy he brought Theo and that goofy plug named Matt
Steady blowing up his jack (Ahuh)
Begging crying for a bag (Ahuh)
But him and Ike they split the packs
Whole things even quarter sacks (Deon nigga)
I'm a hog I'm the socket fuck the plug
Got karo gallons just remixing codeine in my tub mane (In the bath)
I'm finessing karo mixing high-tech swapping (Ahuh)
He looking like a rookie serve his friendly ass some Watson

Cause me and Ike we be finessing on the plug (That what we do)
Money do he jugging packs he run it up (That what he do)
Seventy-five a line my nigga this that mud (Now that's that act)
Remixing with the karo I can't show no love (Ahuh)
Trap
That what we do
That what he do
Now that's that  that's that
Ahuh
Trap
This that jugg story by fo' trap brothers
This that jugg story by fo' trap brothersYeah
Maggiano's nigga, shrimp and grits nigga
Me and Wheezy, we the wave, yeah
Wheezy Beats

Forgiato lip, blow a kiss (Blow a kiss, mwah)
Maggiano's, order shrimp and grits (Shrimp and grits, yeah)
My new condominium is dressed (It's dressed, yeah)
Icy VVS's and baguettes (Ice, ice, baguettes)
I'ma get them commas and invest (And invest, yeah)
Damier, I'm mister don't play chess (I don't play chess, no)
I'm the one that's gon' protect my flesh (Protect my flesh)
These hundreds help young Gunna worry less, yeah (Worry less, yeah)

I got hundreds on my membrane (Yeah)
Marc Jacobs jacket with some gold saints (With some gold saints)
Sip me some more syrup (Syrup), I got oil paintings (I got oil paintings)
Ropes around my neck (Ropes), we was at PF Changs (We in PF Changs)
I can see the sky (Sky), panoramic view ('Ramic view)
Ever since a child, I want every shoe (I want every shoe)
Niggas totin' guns, they don't ever shoot (No you never shoot)
Maybach seat massage, I'm my own masseuse (I'm my own masseuse)
Couple pointers and some VVS too (VS too)
I sip Actavis and I sip red too (I sip red too)
If we both get caught then I can't tell on you (I can't tell on you)
Last time see that fuckboy's face was Channel 2 (Channel 2)
Pulled up on the block to make some blood shed (Click, click)
You can't pick a day to lay inside your death bed (Your death bed)
Count cash and callin' shots, I must be jefe (Jefe)
Addicted to codeine, I hope I'm healthy (I'm healthy)

Forgiato lip, blow a kiss (Blow a kiss, mwah)
Maggiano's, order shrimp and grits (Shrimp and grits, yeah)
My new condominium is dressed (It's dressed, yeah)
Icy VVS's and baguettes (Ice, ice, baguettes)
I'ma get them commas and invest (And invest, yeah)
Damier, I'm mister don't play chess (I don't play chess, no)
I'm the one that's gon' protect my flesh (Protect my flesh)
These hundreds help young Gunna worry less, yeah (Worry less, yeah)

Blue hundreds on my membrane (Yeah)
You can't catch the style, nigga the time changed (Time changed)
All my bitches wildin' 'bout five eight ('Bout five eight)
Whips two hundred and up, yeah the fast way (Fast, skrrt, skrrt)
I can count the racks like a cashier (Cashier)
Swear this Helmut Lang, yeah cashmere (Cashmere)
Camera in my front, camera in my rear (Camera in my rear)
Shoppin' in my near (My near), sippin' on the Lear (On the Lear)
Tokyo, Japan, they pay me to appear (Yeah, racks)
These joggers cost a band, I rock expensive gear (Expensive gear)
Chasing M&M's (M&M's), she freaky just like Kim (Just like Kim)
Lil' bitch just listen here (Listen), I might be mister drip (Mister drip)

Forgiato lip, blow a kiss (Blow a kiss, mwah)
Maggiano's, order shrimp and grits (Shrimp and grits, yeah)
My new condominium is dressed (It's dressed, yeah)
Icy VVS's and baguettes (Ice, ice, baguettes)
I'ma get them commas and invest (And invest, yeah)
Damier, I'm mister don't play chess (I don't play chess, no)
I'm the one that's gon' protect my flesh (Protect my flesh)
These hundreds help young Gunna worry less, yeah (Worry less, yeah)I'm feeling good, I'm looking better
Ahhhh, look at me in this lovely weather
I'm making moves just to get the cheddar
Now that I'm looking at it I can't think of nothing better
(Steaktown, Steaktown)
Now that I'm looking at it I can't think of nothing better
(Steaktown, Steaktown)
Now that I'm looking at it I can't think of nothing better

Snapbacks I rock that
Benz coupe I drop that
Let the fresh air hit ya breast there
Where I'm from? Iraq
No don't get too attached girl, 'cause your boyfriend – I'm not that
Let the wrist speak, let the whip speak
Let your chick speak, top that
Oh I think I'm superman 'cause your girl screaming like a rooster man
Had me up in her new sedan
I don't think that you can recoupe that man
Was she stupid man, rocking the war paint like Legion of Doom
Put it on your life before you blink twice
Blink twice she's in my room

I'm feeling good, I'm looking better
Ahhhh, look at me in this lovely weather
I'm making moves just to get the cheddar
Now that I'm looking at it I can't think of nothing better
(Steaktown, Steaktown)
Now that I'm looking at it I can't think of nothing better
(Steaktown, Steaktown)
Now that I'm looking at it I can't think of nothing better

Codeine and lots of sprite
Codeine and lots of sprite
Got my body feelin' alright
Got a loose bitch but that pussy tight
Oh no, oh no, stupid niggas, stupid hoes
You already know bitch I do what I suppose
Then I throw a couple dollars while she sliding down that pole
Yeah the sour I devour
Yeah them diamonds got me froze
White bitch cookin' up that nose
Pussy petal like a rose
Jeremy Scotts up on my feet
And put socks up on my toes

I'm feeling good, I'm looking better
Ahhhh, look at me in this lovely weather
I'm making moves just to get the cheddar
Now that I'm looking at it I can't think of nothing better
(Steaktown, Steaktown)
Now that I'm looking at it I can't think of nothing better
(Steaktown, Steaktown)
Now that I'm looking at it I can't think of nothing better

I grab the MAC-11, let it bust it until
Eleven shells are on the ground
Now he is in the heavens
Body is on the ground
Told them to kiss the sevens
Ambition strictly for first, worries are for the second
Rejection, never accept it
Mind and body connection
Allowin' for me to bless 'em
With wisdom from any lessons
Teachin' this niggas lessons
Achieving became the vision
Answering every question
Now it turns into a mission nigga

I'm feeling good, I'm looking better
Ahhhh, look at me in this lovely weather
I'm making moves just to get the cheddar
Now that I'm looking at it I can't think of nothing better
(Steaktown, Steaktown)
Now that I'm looking at it I can't think of nothing better
(Steaktown, Steaktown)
Now that I'm looking at it I can't think of nothing betterKimJ with the heat
J West Beats
I ain't the bad guy
Everybody just tellin' me you gotta blame them people
You gotta be able to peep the fake smiles and handshakes
'Cause that first time you show 'em you trust 'em, they take advantage

I got issues
If nobody 'round me, who I'm 'posed to vent to?
I'm losing all my loved ones, I miss you
Make it a letter for my niggas in the pen' too (Locked up)
And I hope you got that lil' money that I sent you
We had it hard, make it happen when the rent due
Forever scarred, these drugs fuckin' up my mental
Go all around the world for you, baby, if it's meant to
I ain't just rappin', rather talk about some shit that I done been through

Yeah, I sin, but I repent too
Move like the wind do
Send them vultures through your whole crew
Niggas get put in coffins when they mouthin' like them hoes do
And we ain't with the talking, we tryna pull up and show you
And I know when the fame come, everybody gon' be actin' like they know you
All for some money, you ain't keep shit a hundred like you was 'posed to
Thought I could trust you, that's why I showed you half the shit I showed you
I'm the nigga you're close to, too real to expose you
Got me feeling like what I do to myself? Been actin' new with myself
Not staying true to myself, feel like I'm losing myself
I'm taking meds, whole time I'm abusing myself
Lil' givin' ass nigga, only using myself

I got issues
If nobody 'round me, who I'm 'posed to vent to?
I'm losing all my loved ones, I miss you
Make it a letter for my niggas in the pen' too (Locked up)
And I hope you got that lil' money that I sent you
We had it hard, make it happen when the rent due
Forever scarred, these drugs fuckin' up my mental
Go all around the world for you, baby, if it's meant to
I ain't just rappin', rather talk about some shit that I done been through

These days, gotta watch the ones that you callin' your family
It be the ones you call your dawgs don't wanna see you win Grammys
I told Luwhop fuckin' with bottle, hate the wet panoramics
Two different cups, two different drugs, I'm on this codeine and Xanax
Lu'll whip that Glock out for Lil Sosa like they don't understand him
I want to sip the purple potion, I'm the grandson of granny
I left my feelings in the ocean on South Beach in Miami
Fast forward my life, but in slow motion, life been goin' how I planned it
But, nigga, I'ma shoot for myself
Won't help me count it, but you wanna spend these blues with myself
Climbing the highest mountain, I ain't have no shoes for myself
My youngins, they wear blue when they step

I got issues
If nobody 'round me, who I'm 'posed to vent to?
I'm losing all my loved ones, I miss you
Make it a letter for my niggas in the pen' too (Locked up)
And I hope you got that lil' money that I sent you
We had it hard, make it happen when the rent due
Forever scarred, these drugs fuckin' up my mental
Go all around the world for you, baby, if it's meant to
I ain't just rappin', rather talk about some shit that I done been throughWhat's up?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Woh)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Woh, ha-hey)
Yei Gonzalez

I min sprite, det finns promethazine med codeine
Traphouse, det ba' ut och in (Trap)
Chillar med baby helt wavey (Woh)
Dricker för mycket lila, min hals den börjar svida
Och nu vi lever la vida, hon säger hon vill rida, yeah (Ah)
Och när vi körde i en timma, svetten ba' börja rinna, yeah (Woh)

Kallar henne Diabla, min lilla señorita, yeah
Tar dig på en runda, varje dag, riskerar Kumla
Folk, hela tiden de undrar
De vill veta hör vi gör och hur vi kör
Det ditt stash vi plundra (Nej)
De tänker "hur hinner han med allting när han är så hög?" (Ha?)
Bitch jag är thug, agos för mig går som smör, yeah (Wuh)
Antingen bli rik eller dör, och om du rör du är död, yeah (Brr-ba)
Från 0 till 100, bara kör (Skrr-skrr)
Spanaren är amatör, yeah
Och gitt (gitt) innan du får spö

För i min sprite, det finns promethazine med codeine
Traphouse, det ba' ut och in
Chillar med baby helt wavey
Dricker för mycket lila, min hals den börjar svida
Och nu vi lever la vida, hon säger hon vill rida, yeah (Ah-ah)
Och när vi körde i en timma, svetten ba' börja rinna, yeah

Hon är bara en kvart ifrån
Köpa henne som att göra ett kattigt rån
Skoj-skjuter mot dina tår
Får dig dansa salsa bara för att ha lite skoj
Vissa säger jag är psykopat
Andra säger jag är djävul, jag är fylld av hat
När hon suger mina tankar, är gone
Lakin, hon suger som en pornstar
Lakin, hon förtjänar ett helt gage
Lakin, hon här är sjuk, hon är klar
Suger så bra, får inte ha mina barn
Hon måste gått genom alla i stan
Kom i hennes mun, hon smajla, hon blev glad
Hon räckte sin hand mot mitt glas
Om hon dricker de knas, så jag sa:

I min sprite, det finns promethazine med codeine
Traphouse, det ba' ut och in
Chillar med baby helt wavey
Dricker för mycket lila, min hals den börjar svida
Och nu vi lever la vida, hon säger hon vill rida, yeah
Och när vi körde i en timma, svetten ba' börja rinna, yeah

Yei GonzalezAyy Kodak, yeah, I'm fresh out, man
This that summer jam, man
Y'all slide this shit 'til school start back

Yeah, girl, I wanna be your lover, we can do this all night, right now
But first let me get a lil' drank in me
Snapple with a lil' Henny, under the hood got a big Hemmey, vibes loud
Oh yeah, babe, you gon' feel it when you vibe with me
We all on each other, from the minute you walked in the club
I ain't gotta lie to you 'cause you know it, I think I'm 'bout to fall in love
Right now, we should get ready 'cause I'm in the mood
I'm tryna do something to you, but baby, hold up

Yeah, champagne on the way, it's a time and a place
Baby girl, I wanna take off everything, but I gotta wait
You're gone, wanting your body
But it's a time and a place, oh girl, I gotta wait

Look, I'm 'bout to slide on ya ass
I ain't lookin' at ya, got my eyes on the cash
Baby daddy with me, he on C class
Look, I kill the scene, dead flies on ya ass
I feel codeine in my tank
But I'ma pump 89 for the gas
Summertime niggas on the grind with the slab
Overtime nigga finna ride 'til ya crash
Baby, I ain't tryna make ya laugh
But call me butthead, got my mind on ya ass
This ain't a disguise, this a mask
This ain't a Nissan, this a Jag'
No surprise, boy, you know I'm gon' spaz
All that money gettin', boy, you know they gon' ask
I ain't finna play, put the .40 on ya ass
In a Audi thing, 240 on the dash
Your girlfriend know we got bags
Got her in the hotel, shorty gettin' smashed
It's just me and my niggas havin' a blast
Livin' fast, buyin' the things we never had
We just love stuntin', we ain't never like to brag
All us thuggin', we ain't never had a dad
I did a lot of dirt in my past
Later on the cell came, bit me in the ass
Lately I be hit the beat with the tab
Lately I been doin' shows back to back
Free Chattboy, free Cool
I'm goin' hard, I ain't goin' back to school
Bob the Builder youngin' on the corner with the tool
Swimmin' in the money, what you doin' in the pool?
Took flight, then I landed on the news
Playin' with them bands, I ain't playin' by the rules

Yeah, champagne on the way, it's a time and a place
Baby girl, I wanna take off everything, but I gotta wait
You're gone, wanting your body
But it's a time and a place, oh girl, I gotta wait

Wait just for a minute, I gotta check out my tab
Fuck Uber, you can sit in my lap
When we ride the Lamborghini, just hold on 'cause I'm running every red light, baby
No breaks, all gas, it's gon' be a long night, baby

Yeah, champagne on the way, it's a time and a place
Baby girl, I wanna take off everything, but I gotta wait
You're gone, wanting your body
But it's a time and a place, oh girl, I gotta waitI'll sit and pretend
I know someone at an intimate depth
It only makes me feel like shit in the end
'Cause you're only as good as the people you consider your friends
So watch an aching past surface, and now I'm half certain
that everyone who associates with me is a bad person
Because everyone who associates with me is as worthless
Now I finally understand what it means to lack courage
'Cause at the end of the day, it just defeats the damn purpose
to share the fruit of your knowledge while completely malnourished
So I've been trying to let go of the things that torture me inside
Congratulations, you're cordially invited to a small list of things that I normally would hide
Like high school, no comprehension of enough harm
Codeine for numb hearts and patching up cut arms
But drinking cough syrup when you didn't have a cough
Is ironic, because, in reality, you're sicker than you thought
But like hearing new music and being too scared to turn it up
Virgin blood mostly told me to stop at the surface cuts
And sometimes I wouldn't eat more than a couple bites
And sometimes I'd go a week and not sleep more than a couple nights
And sometimes I'd get so wrapped up in the "couple life"
When the "couple life" failed me the first couple times
But I am grateful that it seems stupid, and I'm grateful that I miss you
Because the last two years are something I'm glad I had to sit through
Because now that I know what it means to be dead I can start living again
Yeah, now that I know what it means to be dead
I can start living
I can smell it when I breathe
I can feel it when you leave
I can start living again
So, I'm leaving behind the people who said I wasn't brave enough
Wrote an album called "Sleep" and realized that it's about waking up
Fuck.Just the other day when I was out at the store
Saw a preacher hella creepin', trying to bang on a ho
That same motherfucker used to bang on my door
Hollering 'bout donations for cause, 'cause collections is low
Damn shame, but I got change, so I give to the plate
He know I know he buying pussy, he don't lie to my face
Said that I should cut my grass cause I'm surrounded by snakes
Not sure if that was metaphoric or if he had seen one today
I know what he said but maybe I beg to differ
The only souls you like to touch were the legs of strippers
The only reason I know that cause I used to tip 'em
How could I judge when in this world we both some niggas
And we both some killers, and we both some thieves
Only God can save us all what he spoke to me
What he hoped to be was a better man in due time
But he fell short tryna sip on the wine

In the neighborhood package store
Get some wine for spirits
Some gossip for your mind if you down to hear it
In the neighborhood package store
Silver and gold for the low
And some papers for your woes you can roll
In the neighborhood package store
Mixing the good with the bad
Which flavors of life's labor have you had?
In the neighborhood package store
Don't need directions for the gun shop, it's on the same block
Of the neighborhood package store

Click clack 'gainst my head went the Glock
From a hoodlum on the block
Whispered to me "What you got?
You'll get shot if you refuse to come up off that
What made you floss that outside the package store?
You know we out here like wolves searching for antelope
Lambs, and sheep, prey on weak
Don't you reach under your seat, I'll bust your head like cantaloupe"
Then I replied - out for a nightcap
Didn't bring my tool with me cause I assumed that I'd be right back
Shawty said the neighborhood was cool and it wasn't like that
But here you are with a loaded gun and I'll be damned if I'm gon' fight back"
So he went on to loosen up on the aggression
And proceed to lecture me on the troubles of recession
And ain't that many jobs outchea hiring convicted felons
So instead of buying what he want, he taking what they selling
Then bailing into the darkness, forever on the grind
Addicted to the feeling of wine

In the neighborhood package store
Get some wine for spirits
Some gossip for your mind if you down to hear it
In the neighborhood package store
Silver and gold for the low
And some papers for your woes you can roll
In the neighborhood package store
Mixing the good with the bad
Which flavors of life's labor have you had?
In the neighborhood package store
Don't need directions for the gun shop, it's on the same block
Of the neighborhood package store

Gripping Golden Grain, flying like Thunderbirds
Easy, Jesus, watch your Crown while I swang and swerve
Molotov bottle, alcohol, not a Tylenol
Could remove the kind of headache that a fault could cause in the streets
Don Julio my peeps
Cuervo, chasing hoes, Captain Morgan with my feet
Standing tall on 'em, 'til I rendezvous with Grey Goose
Cool gray, salty taste, almost threw up on my shoes
Hypnotiq blues, Bloody Mary red
Codeine purple seem to take me to the edge
One more shot all I need just to hit the ledge
Toss and turn, crash and burn, just to crawl up in my bed
Going to my head, seeing circles lately
Tasting cream daily, I don't mean Bailey
Vodka tried to kill me, but Seagram Gin saved me
Been a customer so why they play me

In the neighborhood package store
Get some wine for spirits
Some gossip for your mind if you down to hear it
In the neighborhood package store
Silver and gold for the low
And some papers for your woes you can roll
In the neighborhood package store
Mixing the good with the bad
Which flavors of life's labor have you had?
In the neighborhood package store
Don't need directions for the gun shop, it's on the same block
Of the neighborhood package storeLook
Man, I need it right now
Gotta stay 10 toes down
I just gotta stay down
Road running, now I run the town
I ran it up, got it off the ground
Paper chasing I be on wow
Soundbite, they biting my sound
Niggas running off of my style
Gotta stay down

Started off with a quarter pound, that's the intro
Now I run the game, blow that money like Nintendo
I am never low
Man I be higher than my tempo
Trip Lee Kodak, I will jump right through your window
Had to stay humble
He murder say black, stay humble
I'm all I can be, bumble
Bakery, fuck pound cake I need a funnel
Tarzan swinging
Yeah, I made it out the jungle
I hustle and I bubble
And yeah I struggle sometimes
It make me wonder how I keep from going under
Do it for my momma
6 plus 4
I'm on my ten toes feet planted to the floor
Bitch I used to kick doors
Trying to get this money ain't trying to get no hoes
Once I stack that six, I want six more
Wrist gold
Call the plug tell him ship a shitload
I sit on the stroll and let that shit go
Fuck the fame
I'm writing foreign
Road running I be on the Jordan
And why all these niggas be so concerned about
What I be doing and try to hop on for a pony ride


Rolled up in that Jag
Roly poly
Niggas they pulling me back
But they don't know me
Codeine take the pain away
I might OD
I can't let you win this race
I need the trophy
Nigga wipe that frown off your face
You are an emoji
I'm outchea
20 for a day I'm like Kobe
Phony, get from round me
You niggas bogus
Nah, nah
I never leave that money call me oldie
Put me on stage, don't even show mix
Abracadabra
That work gon' hocus pocus
Took off like NASA
Fresher than Orbit
Show my ass off
Shitting on them, they like toilets
Pulled up in NASCAR
I just rent the Corvette
Boy I'm finna blast off
I let it surface
And she say she like purses
And like splurging
Only spend that money on me
My favorite person
No, I will never purchase
You ain't worth it
Riding like a derby
I can't work it
Flexing on them on purpose
They feelings hurting
911 emergent, I need a surgeon
This urgent
Bleeding concrete no longer virgin
Thank you
(?) like Turkey
My 40 churcking
I can't work it
I just get nervous
And go to bursting

Gotta stay down
Gotta stay down
Niggas running off with my style
Gotta stay downYeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah

After the struggle and the pain
And to remain in the game
Shit'll never be the same no more
After you grind and survive
And you grind and you grind
Shit'll never be the same no more
I know cheated a million times
And you caught me in so many lies
Shit'll never be the same no more
I ain't lyin', I ain't lyin', I ain't lyin'
Shit'll never be the same no more

I was standing in the rain in the middle of the trenches
Running from polices, jumping over fences
Serving in the them hotboxes living life relentless
Taking penitentiary chances still dodging the penitentiary
The teachers taught my cousins go to school and you done listen
Make your outlook on life different, damn you look suspicious
My granddad died a boss, and that's been on my memory
If you listen closer to me, feel the pain in my delivery
The struggle and the pain, I still remain the same
I'm grinding so hard I'm just strengthening up my brain
Flyer then the plain, moving faster then the train
Get the fuck up out my lane, some things gotta change

After the struggle and the pain
And to remain in the game
Shit'll never be the same no more
After you grind and survive
And you grind and you grind
Shit'll never be the same no more
I know cheated a million times
And you caught me in so many lies
Shit'll never be the same no more
I ain't lyin', I ain't lyin', I ain't lyin'
Shit'll never be the same no more

Damn it feel like yesterday I'm at the corner store
When the po-po ran up on me in Mexico
I dropped the blow I swear I never ran that fast before
And when I play it back in my memory in the studio
I swear I grind and I grind going hard every time
Going hard on my grind
Selling damaged bricks, shit be at a bunch of licks
I write a hundred songs every time I think of this
Take a 2 liter fill it up with codeine
Let's take a toast to all my niggas who ain't here with me
And I'm a ride I'm a ride
Until the rubber off the tires, only the strong survive

After the struggle and the pain
And to remain in the game
Shit'll never be the same no more
After you grind and survive
And you grind and you grind
Shit'll never be the same no more
I know cheated a million times
And you caught me in so many lies
Shit'll never be the same no more
I ain't lyin', I ain't lyin', I ain't lyin'
Shit'll never be the same no more

My glasses made from Germany, designer on me permanently
These scars on me permanently, this pain insides burning me
But it ain't killing me, It's boosting up my energy
I'm on my way to Tennessee, doing a show for 10 a key
And these streets they're a beast out here
I don't plan on coming home I might leave you this year
And shawty I know you ride for a nigga
But you get tired of a nigga, tired of crying over your nigga
So many lies, so many broken promises
I hate it come to this, I took you through a bunch of shit
Feel good to your side, I tried to buy you a bunch of shit
But you don't take it no more, you sick and tired of it

After the struggle and the pain
And to remain in the game
Shit'll never be the same no more
After you grind and survive
And you grind and you grind
Shit'll never be the same no more
I know cheated a million times
And you caught me in so many lies
Shit'll never be the same no more
I ain't lyin', I ain't lyin', I ain't lyin'
Shit'll never be the same no moreAyy, wake up nigga!
Fuckin' sleep walking and shit
It's 'bout time they free my brother Offset
Free Mango
Free John Wick
Streets on lock!

Sippin' codeine got me sleep walking
Hit the plug with the motherfuckin' re-rock
Don't speak to me nigga talkin' cheap talk
Got the plug pulling up on the speed boat
In the trap dunking bricks like the tomahawk
A hundred thousand dollar what the chain cost
Spent two hundred thousand just to chop the brain off
Chop the brain off
I'm a go ahead and chop the brain off
Chop the brain off
I'm a go ahead and chop the brain off
Forgiatos spinning on a drop top
I'm a go ahead and drop the top off
Drop the top off
I'm a go ahead and drop the top off

Dropping the top I do surgery
Porsche 911 emergency
Back seat Bentley like I posed to be
I'm rich and famous don't get close to me
Young nigga what you know pulling up in the room with a bad bitch looking like a coca cola
I go 0-100 with a Lamb motor
You a loco choco, migo gang, we going global
I'm an ignorant nigga drop the brain off the rain
Forty thousand for the Rollie and it plain jane
Two pistols on me nigga call me Max Payne
I'm a fool with the rock like LeBron James
Sippin' syrup in the 'Rari watch me swerve
I came along way from the curb
I'm flyer than an eagle and an old school bird
I need my money ASAP not talking Ferg

Sippin' codeine got me sleep walking
Hit the plug with the motherfuckin' re-rock
Don't speak to me nigga talkin' cheap talk
Got the plug pulling up on the speed boat
In the trap dunking bricks like the tomahawk
A hundred thousand dollar what the chain cost
Spent two hundred thousand just to chop the brain off
Chop the brain off
I'm a go ahead and chop the brain off
Chop the brain off
I'm a go ahead and chop the brain off
Forgiatos spinning on a drop top
I'm a go ahead and drop the top off
Drop the top off
I'm a go ahead and drop the top off

I'm a go ahead and drop the top off
Pull up in the 'Rari with the sawed off
At the top nigga never gonna fall off
She be fuckin' and suckin' just for a shoutout
Migos in the arena I know it's sold out
You mouth open wide young nigga close your mouth
Pull up in convertible them niggas hurt my nigga Pistol P and this shit really hurt to me
Back then when a nigga kick doors and juug bags I ain't have a vacuum seal, nigga had a sandwich bag
Now I made it nigga having millions
Drop the top call it banana peeling
When I step out like a polar bear young nigga chillin'
And she knowin' Migos in the building
Pull up to the condo cause she feel me
Cut the top off the coupe like a pair of scissors

Sippin' codeine got me sleep walking
Hit the plug with the motherfuckin' re-rock
Don't speak to me nigga talkin' cheap talk
Got the plug pulling up on the speed boat
In the trap dunking bricks like the tomahawk
A hundred thousand dollar what the chain cost
Spent two hundred thousand just to chop the brain off
Chop the brain off
I'm a go ahead and chop the brain off
Chop the brain off
I'm a go ahead and chop the brain off
Forgiatos spinning on a drop top
I'm a go ahead and drop the top off
Drop the top off
I'm a go ahead and drop the top offDrip, drip, drip, drip, drippin'
Bitch I'm drip, drip, drip, drip, drippin'
Bitch I'm drip, drip, drip, drip, drippin'
Bitch I'm drip, drip, drip, drip, drippin'

Bitch I'm drippin' on these niggas, drip drop
It's a real Rollie, it don't tick tock
Savage ridin' 'round the city with that Glock
Get that dick on it, I'ma let it pop
Let it pop, bitch, you better run
It ain't no fun, when young Savage got the gun
I drop bombs on these niggas like Osama
Keep the Don Cannon, they don't want no drama

Drip, drip, drip, drip, drippin'
Bitch I'm drip, drip, drip, drip, drippin'
Bitch I'm drip, drip, drip, drip, drippin'
Bitch I'm drip, drip, drip, drip, drippin'

Flyest nigga you ever seen, I'm the king of the teens
Hydro codeines, caught serving beans to the fiends
My new bitch Billy Jean, old bitch Tina Turner, keep the burner
Old hunnids Tom Joyner, my new bitch is a foreigner
My new wrist cost a 36, that's a quarter-brick or three shows
I could've iced my ear lobes, I'd rather split it with my bros

Drip, drip, drip, drip, drippin'
Bitch I'm drip, drip, drip, drip, drippin'
Bitch I'm drip, drip, drip, drip, drippin'
Bitch I'm drip, drip, drip, drip, drippin'

Lil' bitch, I'm Sauce Farrakhan, Sauce-Alaikum, A-Sauce-Salaam
I got so much flavor, nigga
Swear to God that I'm Tony Chachere son
Aunt Jemima might be my mama
Drippin' sauce how I make the commas
Poured everything out the bottle
Red bottom feet hand made iguana
When I walk off it's a murder scene
Rolls got my wrist it look Burgundy
I made your bitch buy a fur for me
It wasn't even cold, hell it was spring
Sauce-Ebola, epidemic got the world drippin' over
Thanks to Sauce harbor now I'm on a little boat with 21 soldiers

Drip, drip, drip, drip, drippin'
Bitch I'm drip, drip, drip, drip, drippin'
Bitch I'm drip, drip, drip, drip, drippin'
Bitch I'm drip, drip, drip, drip, drippin'Druggy love, I got druggy love
Druggy love, I got druggy love
Druggy love, I got druggy love
Druggy love, I got...

Druggy love, ice weight, get it sold while I wait
Codeine drip sauce, I get cold while I wait
I've been so lost, I've been feeling dead as of late
Lonely little boy, I've been chilly anyway
Fuck everyone, I'll just cry when they leave
Ugly mirror date, everyone on the way
I just wanna scrape broken image off the plate
Leave me where I lay, I'll just die anyway
Codeine drop with the sauce
Night time terror, rob at any cost
Bloody diamonds on my hoe
Ugly girl tryna turn up all alone

Druggy love, I got druggy love
Druggy love, I got druggy love
Druggy love, I got druggy love
Druggy love, I got druggy love

Druggy love, I got drug
Druggy love, I got drug
Druggy love, I got druggy love
Druggy love, druggy love

Druggy love, ice weight, get it sold while I wait
Codeine drip sauce, I get cold while I wait
I've been so lost, I've been feeling dead as of late
Lonely little boy, I've been chilly anyway
Fuck everyone, I'll just cry when they leave
Ugly mirror date, everyone on the way
I just wanna scrape broken image off the plate
Leave me where I lay, I'll just die anyway
Codeine drop with the sauce
Night time terror, rob at any cost
Bloody diamonds on my hoe
Ugly girl tryna turn up all alone

Druggy love, druggy love, druggy, druggy love
Druggy love, druggy love, I got druggy love, I got druggy love
Druggy love, druggy love, I got druggy love, I got druggy love
Druggy love, druggy love, I got druggy love(Verse 1)
I used to be a sucka for love
But I'm alright now
Ain't nothin important to me except codeine over ice now
Used to be a one woman man
But I can't see myself with the wife now
Fuck tryna please a muthafucka that can't be pleased
I'm living my life now
Take a time out to smell the roses
Living life one day at a time
An ungrateful bitch'll make a brotha get old quick
I was about to lose my mind
Silly me I was thinkin forever
The bitch was thinkin bout writin out chetta
But I ain't never been a trick bitch
Bottom line, you can't get shit bitch
Even my baby mama trippin, bitch go ahead and file on me
And I really don't give a fuck
Just as long as my child know me
What the fuck am I supposed to do?
Lord I know I need to be closer to you
Damn right I been slippin
Cuz I'm a christian, but I ain't livin like a christian
Spend my time with midnite women
Seem like every summer I'm in prison
But no weapon formed against me shall prosper
Keep God as ya man they can't stop ya
My grandmother told me the pillow don't give you love back
But god never took one of my ribs and made me a woman
Ima concentrate on my stacks
(Chorus)
I don't wanna die lonely
But them broads I deal with got me still singin I hate you bitch
I don't wanna die lonely
But I know 90 % of the hoes just fuck with Z-Ro tryin to get rich
I don't wanna die lonely
I'm in need of a womans touch but in 08 you just can't trust these hoes
I don't wanna die lonely
Ain't got no time to play no games I be damn if I let another bitch drive me insane
(Verse 2)
Why should I stress myself, when I know I need to be alone
What have you done for me lately
You ain't got no right to go through my phone, woman
Too many years I done paid the price
But my days of payin are gone
Cause I don't love you no more bitch
I'm about my money man
I would've givin you the world
But now you can't get a god damn, not from me man
I'm the man, I'm the boss, I'm the brotha that pays the cost
I really do give a damn about Joseph
If your not him, get off
What the fuck is a friend
Everybody I see, is pretend baby
And I'm a grown ass man today
But I been callin shots since a was ten baby
When I feel like fuckin
I'mma wrap a 100 dolla bill around my dick
Even though I got a life time supply
Bow ya heads for my nigga J. Prince
I'mma million dolla playa that's how I carry myself
And can't no woman have my heart cause I'mma merry myself
(Chorus)
I don't wanna die lonely
But them broads I deal with got me still singin I hate you bitch
I don't wanna die lonely
But I know 90 % of the hoes just fuck with Z-Ro tryin to get rich
I don't wanna die lonely
I'm in need of a womans touch but in 08 you just can't trust these hoes
I don't wanna die lonely
Ain't got no time to play no games I be damn if I let another bitch drive me insaneThis is a certified hood classic
Yo, yo, ayy, yo
Ayy, yo, ayy, yo, yo
Uh, ayy, saw you, ayy, yo
Yo, ayy, ayy, yo, yo, uh, uh
Oh, you heard? Uh, ayy, so you see, ayy, ayy
Still like muscle, but for her, a GLE
Is it too much to ask? You want me to run the streets
I'm really with the, uh, I’m like, yeah, oh, oh, ayy, woah
Oh you, so you, ayy, yo
Ayy, ayy, oh, ayy
Oh you, uh, ayy, so you, uh, ayy
Yo, ayy, yo, ayy, ayy

Oh, you heard, so you see, ayy, ayy
Still like muscle, but for her, a GLE
Is it too much to ask? You want me to run the streets
Addicted to this cash, I'm like Tony, it's just me

I’m really from the Dash, know it's digi' like a screen
Them troopers on my ass, got codeine between the seats
Still tell everybody I love 'em, but I keep 'em out of reach
Act like we never met before, I play, remember me
I really sip the puddle, and my bitch, she play for keeps, ayy, woah, ayy
I was down in Georgia, ayy, so I got a vet, ayy
I wan' fit right in, ayy, something I'll regret, ayy
Keep me in my feelings, ayy, then they clear the check, ayy
I make twenty thousand, ayy, while on Percocet, ayy
Yo, ayy, woah, ayy
She wan' interview, it’s a funny bitch
I got Perky view, ayy, so my vision clear, ayy
Ridin’ in the dark, ayy, dreamed of this for years
I got big codeine, of course they in my ear, ayy
They wan' see me better, ayy, I want more Tech
Confess my love to you while on Percocet
Yo, yo, ayy
Oh, you heard? Uh, ayy, so you see, ayy, ayy
Oh you, uh, ayy, so you, ayy
Oh you, ayy, yo, yo, ayy, ayy

Oh, you heard, so you see, ayy, ayy
Still like muscle, but for her, a GLE
Is it too much to ask? You want me to run the streets
Addicted to this cash, I’m like Tony, it's just me

Ayy, oh you, ayy, ayy, oh you, ayy
Yo, ayy, ayy, yo, yo, ayy, ayy
Oh, you heard? Ayy, so you see, ayy
Woah, woah, ayy, woah, woah, ayy, ayy, yoTrill, yeah
That's how it is
Pluto

How many stains you hit? I'on't know. How many stains?
Private plane, converted over to private plane
Cookin' it up with baking soda, how many chains?
You ain't thinkin' how I'm thinkin', I'm goin' to the bank
I come in a tank, I come with the drank
I come with the drapes, I crush up the face
Patek Phillipe, I'm too unique
Gotta stop all the leaks, get caught with the freaks

I pour up codeine, I can't go to sleep
Criminal mind, thanks to the gang, gang
Louboutins, sittin' in a row
Louis Vuitton's, mink on the flows
My migo the coldest, it got me the frozest
I ordered the LOTUS, soon as it touched down, I sold it
The money is stacked up off the ground, you could never fold it
I done got racked up, I done stacked up me a fortune
Colossal, enormous, have you seen my performance
You makin' it drizzle, I got it thunder and stormin'
Cash on deliver, hope you not recording
(Cash on deliver, hope you not recording)

How many stains you hit? I'on't know. How many stains?
Private plane, converted over to private plane
Cookin' it up with baking soda, how many chains?
You ain't thinkin' how I'm thinkin', I'm goin' to the bank
I come in a tank, I come with the drank
I come with the drapes, I crush up the face
Patek Phillipe, I'm too unique
Gotta stop all the leaks, get caught with the freaks

I got you comfortable, but she say she love me
I got some commas, they can't be discussed
I weigh a ton in these streets, ain't no discussion
I started off with a couple watches, I got 'em busted
I got a flooded Richard Mille, it ain't no cuffin'
She came in blushing, she came from Russia
Digital scale, my kind is rare
I had to prevail, I made it through Hell
See the wheel on the right, when you live overseas
Think it came overnight, how I make it look easy
Ain't a regular nigga, I accept that
Got ahead of you niggas and I never took a step back

How many stains you hit? I'ont know. How many stains?
Private plane, converted over to private plane
Cookin' it up with baking soda, how many chains?
You ain't thinkin' how I'm thinkin', I'm goin' to the bank
I come in a tank, I come with the drank
I come with the drapes, I crush up the face
Patek Phillipe, I'm too unique
Gotta stop all the leaks, get caught with the freaksEy, ey, ja (Ouh), ey, ja
Brr, ey, ja
Ich hör' 9lokkNine (Ey, ey, ja)

Kasimir, deine Bitch ist in mei'm Zimmer (Skrrt, skrrt)
Johnny Walker, heute Nacht bin ich behindert (Rr-rr)
Licky, Licky, seh' sie nachts noch an ihr'm Fenster (Brr)
Dicky, Dicky, ja, ich glaub', sie sieht Gespenster (Boom)
Ticky, Ticky, ich bin geiziger als Rentner (Woah)
Kasimir, deine Bitch ist in mei'm Zimmer (Rr-rr)
Johnny Walker, heute Nacht bin ich behindert (Skrrt, skrrt)
Licky, Licky, seh' sie nachts noch an ihr'm Fenster (Skrrt)

Deine Bitch fass' ich nicht an, Digga, die hat doch Tripper
Deine Mummy find' ich stillos, auch in Gucci-Slippers
Ich bin nasty, Digga, meine Jungs sind alle Ticker (Ey)
Burner Chrome in deine Fresse, in mei'm Hals ist Liquor
Ich bin am spliffen, aber Lines, ich find' die Scheiße lecker

Deine Bitch fass' ich nicht an, Digga, die hat doch Tripper
Deine Mummy find' ich stillos, auch in Gucci-Slippers
Ich bin nasty, Digga, meine Jungs sind alle Ticker (Ey)
Ich bin am spliffen, aber Lines, ich find' die Scheiße lecker
Burner Chrome in deine Fresse, in mei'm Hals ist Liquor
Kokain, Kokain, deine Ma auf Koka
Meine Tongue in ihrer Pussy, ja, ich esse Donut

Stell dir vor, ich räum' dein Bad auf, sie will auf Toilette (Rr)
Ich nehm' sie dann mit ins Parkhaus, ist sie keine Fette
Digga, Lächeln ist doch nur meine Facette (Ey)
Sie spielt mit dem Mund heut auf meiner Klarinette

Auf einmal sind sie Codeiner
Auf einmal Trap Flows, immer wieder (Immer wieder)
Kodak Black auf meinen Headphones
Meine Lieblingsfarbe lila

Kasimir, deine Bitch ist in mei'm Zimmer (Skrrt, skrrt)
Johnny Walker, heute Nacht bin ich behindert (Rr-rr)
Licky, Licky, seh' sie nachts noch an ihr'm Fenster (Brr)
Dicky, Dicky, ja, ich glaub', sie sieht Gespenster (Boom)
Ticky, Ticky, ich bin geiziger als Rentner (Woah)
Kasimir, deine Bitch ist in mei'm Zimmer (Rr-rr)
Johnny Walker, heute Nacht bin ich behindert (Skrrt, skrrt)
Licky, Licky, seh' sie nachts noch an ihr'm Fenster (Skrrt)

Deine Bitch fass' ich nicht an, Digga, die hat doch Tripper
Deine Mummy find' ich stillos, auch in Gucci-Slippers
Uh, ja, Gucci-Slipper, ehe
Bra, nein, ey, ha, uh, ey, ha, ey-jaLyrics from Snippet

Cheers
Sippin' codeine like it's beer
I'm in London so I'm screaming, "Cheers"

Man of the year, still got problems
Lookin' in the mirror, you look awful
Talkin' to myself, do it too often
JK, Juice WRLD, you're so awesome
I'm running up funds
Bottle full of pills, let's have fun
No cheap thrills, only rich ones
Fire drills, hotter than the sun

My ups and downs
I'll drive them down
In London town
Cheers to the golden years

Let's raise our hands, let's sing and dance
I know my lyrics saved you, I know my lyrics saved you
Let's raise our hands, let's sing and dance
I know my lyrics saved you, I know I helped you break through

Buzzin' like I'm light year, infinity and beyond
Big head and in my mind I'm lost thinking of songs
Big dick too, probably won't fit in your mom
I met my shorty thick, that's the type of shit that I'm on
I got to admit it she help me fall out for love
Stay down with me through all of my rights and my wrongs
Now it's me and her together a lifelong
Lock her heart up like the key she ain't finna make one

My ups and downs
I'll drive them down
In London town
Cheers to the golden years
My ups and downs
I'll drive them down
In London town
Cheers to the golden years

Let's raise our hands, let's sing and dance
I know my lyrics saved you, I know my lyrics saved you
Let's raise our hands, let's sing and dance
I know my lyrics saved you, I know I helped you break throughIt's wild
I get paid to make songs
I get paid to speak my mind
They gon' pay me for that
Uh, yeah, yeah, uh
Talking my mind is like
Like a-
An amusement park or something
Uh-huh

Admission (Hm)
999 to get in
And for the outsiders, the introverts, the motherfuckers that don't fit in
The drug-abusers, codeine users that been hurt by women
I'm a drug-abusing, codeine using, modern-day John Lennon
How many perkys I popped, it really ain't nobody business
But since it's just me and you here, I mean I've been tripping
Way too many (Hm, yeah)
Way too many (Hm, yeah)
Way too many (Hm, yeah)
Way too many (Hm, yeah)
Way too many (Hm, yeah)
Way too many (Hm, yeah)

World tour, worldwide
Seen it with my own eyes
Walk around London off the pills, this my third time
Everybody asks me how it feels, to live my life
Don't know how it feels, but I know it don't feel alright (Uh)
Fight away these demons, feel like Tyson
Courage, blood, on my hand, what have I done?
The truth is what I really need to find out
Before the enemy finds us

Woke up, couldn't move
Satan said, "Peek-a-boo"
Baby girl, is that you?
He said, "Nah, but I'll take her too"
Woke up, couldn't move
Satan said, "Look at you, out of luck, bound to lose"
Misery Avenue

Admission (Hm)
999 to get in
And for the outsiders, the introverts, the motherfuckers that don't fit in
The drug-abusers, codeine users that been hurt by women
I'm a drug-abusing, codeine using, modern-day John Lennon
How many perkys I popped, it really ain't nobody business
But since it's just me and you here, I mean I've been tripping
Way too many (Hm, yeah)
Way too many (Hm, yeah)
Way too many (Huh, yeah)
Way too many (Huh, yeah)
Way too many (Hm, yeah)
Way too many (Hm, yeah)

Got no chill
Pill pop too much, I've been drinkin' too much
Ain't no such thing as 
Time on us
 get high on us
Got so high DJ Scheme prayed Juice wouldn't die on us
Lost too many woes
We ain't losing no more
So hold on while I go and shoot the devil in his skullYeah, YB
Ayy, yeah

New drip (new drip)
New bitch (bitch!)
Whole lotta new shit flexing (flex)
She keep on calling and texting (yeah)
Ouuu I had to learn my lesson (my lesson)
Yeah, can't be broke and stressin' (Gucci!)
Pick up the rest from the bank (bank)
My diamonds wet like a fish tank (drip)
New drip (new drip)
New bitch (bitch!)
Whole lotta new shit flexing (flex)
She keep on calling and texting (yeah)
Ouuu I had to learn my lesson (my lesson)
Yeah, can't be broke and stressing
Pick up the rest from the bank (bank)
My diamonds wet like a fish tank (drip)

Yeah whole lotta ice (Jetski! Jetski!)
Whole lotta drink (codeine)
She want some Act' from the doctor (yeah)
I want paper like a scholar (yeah)
Ouuu new bitch (new bitch)
Old shit (old shit)
She wanna bag from Saks Fifth
New ice (New ice)
More drip (More drip)
Foreign bitch she taking more trips (Bitch)
Ouu switch up style
Drip on em (Drip on em)
Finesse the plug and dip on em (Dip on em)
Run with the sack like a half back
I let the birds take a bird bath
She too boujie, keep crying 'bout my other bitch (other bitch)
I got new drip cause she ran off with my other shit (yeah yeah)

New drip (new drip)
New bitch (bitch!)
Whole lotta new shit flexing (flex)
She keep on calling and texting (yeah)
Ouuu I had to learn my lesson (my lesson)
Yeah, can't be broke and stressin'
Pick up the rest from the bank (bank)
My diamonds wet like a fish tank (drip)
New drip (new drip)
New bitch (bitch!)
Whole lotta new shit flexing (flex)
She keep on calling and texting (yeah)
Ouuu I had to learn my lesson (my lesson)
Yeah, can't be broke and stressing
Pick up the rest from the bank (bank)
My diamonds wet like a fish tank (drip)

Aye, aye
All white ice like snowman
I might kick your door man
Take you down if you holding
This gas got me in motion
I told Jay go get the racks out the bank
Nigga won't play he get shot in his face
Do me a hit, we slide off in a wraith
I get away and they won't have no trace
AK's, choppa's, we with all of that
Ride, foreign's, (with a picture wheres ya dealer at?)
Red bottoms, diamonds in my necklace (designer shoes)
Playing and we hopping out them Cadillacs (gang, slide)

New drip (new drip)
New bitch (bitch!)
Whole lotta new shit flexing (flex)
She keep on calling and texting (yeah)
Ouuu I had to learn my lesson (my lesson)
Yeah, can't be broke and stressin'
Pick up the rest from the bank (bank)
My diamonds wet like a fish tank (drip)

YBN, Gucci Mane, Gucci Mane, I get this guap
Water dripping off my watch
Call me water faucet wap
Look at him, solitaire
Quarter mil I bought a pound
Its Nahmir, and Laflare
You too broke to breathe my air
I go ham in Birmingham (skrt skrt skrt)
I scrape that pack
Spent ten bricks on my hand
My ring ten thousand grams
This new drip, on my neck
Yeah that shit costed me a check
Got your bitch on my dick cause my watch full of baguettes

New drip (new drip)
New bitch (bitch!)
Whole lotta new shit flexing (flex)
She keep on calling and texting (yeah)
Ouuu I had to learn my lesson (my lesson)
Yeah, can't be broke and stressin'
Pick up the rest from the bank (bank)
My diamonds wet like a fish tank (drip)
New drip (new drip)
New bitch (bitch!)
Whole lotta new shit flexing (flex)
She keep on calling and texting (yeah)
Ouuu I had to learn my lesson (my lesson)
Yeah, can't be broke and stressing
Pick up the rest from the bank (bank)
My diamonds wet like a fish tank (drip)As I twist up this doobie and do me like its a movie, who he?
I be the one you can't see in the Sun
Bitch I move with the drum, like buh-rum-bum-bum-bum
It's the 275, pussy boy, and we deep
Ain't no nigga on this earth who can get like me
Who can spit like me
Load the clip like me
Hella punch lines, niggas wanna fight me
The game so dirty, fuckin up my white tee's
Niggas is trippin' so my niggas flippin'
Hop in the lac' and we dippin', codeine sippin'
Eyes so low nigga fuck a vision
Been cookin' dough ducked off in the kitchen
She just give me brain she ain't tryna' have children
What the fuck you sayin' pussy nigga I ain't trippin'
Thinkin' bout' the cash while I'm wood grain grippin'
Dreads hang low, middle finger to the ceiling
I dont even care, I'mma put it in the air
Got two blunts, you could call that a pair
Got two guns, I ain't shootin' in the air
R.I.P. Big Pun, real nigga right here
Got three hoes, I don't need a reindeer
Fuck goin' home, give me brain right here
You a fake boy I can see it in your face
I pull up to the place
Put niggas in they place
My finger in your face boy I'm bout' to catch a case
I blow your face off make your homie catch a phase
I'm with a bad bitch and her ass look fake
But I'm laid back and she feeding me grapes
Yeah I said that
The nigga scared to
Run up in your crib got your kids scared too
But I'm killin' you cause' your boy dead too
Talkin' that mess I'll come find you
I'm all mad, shit
Tryna' divide shit
Gotta' push weight like I'm tryna' find shit
Man I'm too real I dont fuck with nonsense
Hatin' niggas talkin but they got nine cents
When I'm shootin at ya' whip
Bustin' corners, I'mma dip
Purple drank, I'mma sip
On my lap so I limp
I'mma float like a blimp
Gold Ape's like a chimp
I'mma eat it like shrimp
I'mma watch the blood drip
Every boss, sit
Choppa in the trunk, wanna see a car trick?
Swervin', who car sick?
Rollin' that coffin
He come on my side, my niggas will off him
My word that I boss him
His money is mine
Tryna' see me, boy you wasting your time
Splittin' your wig, call it wasting your mind, niggaAkachi, he on the beat, it's a murder
Yeah

Swear I love when niggas act like they be bullet proof
Gotta chopper ’case a nigga got somethin' to prove
Call my bro up on the celly, send them bullets through
Yellow 'rari parked outside, I caught a Pikachu (peek at you)
Girl I’m sorry, I know that you all in love with me
I got problems anyways, my life ain't always sweet

When I walk inside the room, niggas see me shine
If he talking disrespectful, then them bodies flying
I could do this off the dome, I'm not even trying
Wait that shit so fye, I might right that down
Yo' girl love my sound, she might say her vows
She wanna get married, I might just skip town
I feel like Jim Carey, I got the mask on, uh
I gotta blast off like Jimmy Neutron, uh
I'm in a fast car, uh, hirl take ya' pants off
I gotta bad bitch, she wanna dance off, uh
I did a right foot, left foot, right
Cartwheel, back foot, right
Milly rock it, milly rock it tight
I don't miss a move 'cause it’s a fight
If I lose the dance, I wash the dishes
This is what becomes of all my riches
After that, I beat the pussy stitches
After that, I beat the pussy, stitches

Swear I love when niggas act like they be bullet proof
Gotta chopper ’case a nigga got somethin' to prove
Call my bro up on the celly, send them bullets through
Yellow ’rari parked outside, I caught a Pikachu (peek at you)
Girl I'm sorry, I know that you all in love with me
I got problems anyways, my life ain't always sweet
YRS and shit, but yeah, we really is from the street
By the way, I didn't mention, ’Kachi on the beat (Yeah, look)

Okay, they mad at my accomplishment
Shit is boosting my confidence
If you ain't got no haters, nigga, you ain't really poppin' then
First thing I'ma say is fuck the law, I need my niggas back
I don't get why they concerned with us, I'm bout my digits, man
Last time I done checked, I'm blowing up, just like a ceiling fan
Prolly have to kill me just to be there, man
I'll never land like Peter Pan
With 3 eyes I'm hiiigh as fuck
This not call of duty no, no revive or chance or luck, it's up
I'm sipping codeine like it's mother fucking Robitussin
Sip it out a bottle, not a cup
Ya' girl, she wanna fuck
I told her lick the dick off then dip off
She did cough, it's too big, that sucks
Pun intended
Think he bullet proof, then we gon' make the chop inject him
Any super man get super bullets, choppa reck himYeah
Okay, neva gave a fuck, prolly never will
Rollin', ridin' till the muthafuckin' wheel fall off
Yeah, I be in this muthafucka still, ballin', bitch this ain't no muthafuckin' drill
Call it Kid Ink baby, if you ain't know that
Niggas tryna steal my swag, need a Lojack
Walkin' round this bitch, no shirt like Conan
Leanin' off the codeine, that's why I'm moving slowly
So sorry for the trouble, baby drop it like a fumble
And, I'mma make it rain, feel like spring in the summer
Hell nah, It ain't nothing, Goin' in like a button
Take a second, You hear me buzzin'?
Bitch you know I-

Neva gave a fuck, neva, neva gave a fuck
Know I Neva gave a fuck, prolly never will
You know I neva gave a fuck neva, neva gave a fuck
Know I neva gave a fuck, prolly never will

Uh, shawty on my dick, tryna cop a feel
Better cuff yo' chick, Goin' for the steal
She been lookin' at a nigga like a muthafuckin' meal
Signin' titties all night, still I won't sign a deal
Aww, yeah, Tell me what you know bout
Tryna keep it real but my show already sold out
Uh, white girls everywhere I go now
Party over here but we can take it to the house
Shawty ring my bell, can't knock my hustle
It's Alumni, Batgang bitch to the rubble
Know you see me here, HD we clear
With my middle finger up in the air, Yeah
Bitch you know I-

Neva gave a fuck, neva, neva gave a fuck
Know I Neva gave a fuck, prolly never will
You know I neva gave a fuck neva, neva gave a fuck
Know I neva gave a fuck, prolly never will

Bitch I got it bumpin', bumpin', bumpin', bumpin', bumpin', bumpin'
B-Bitch I got it bumpin', bumpin', bumpin', bumpin', bumpin', bumpin'
B-Bitch I got it-

Okay, man of my city
LA is the home
Niggas ran to my city when they seen that we was on
Hol' up
Just touched down, know you hear me on the radio
First time here, but yo' girl we already know
I had these bitches at my table packin' lunch
Now I got a couple bottles same bitches back in front
Huh, Somebody bring the bartender back at once
I'mma need a lil' more, tell 'em how it go
Bitch you know I-

Neva gave a fuck, neva, neva gave a fuck
Know I Neva gave a fuck, prolly never will
You know I neva gave a fuck neva, neva gave a fuck
Know I neva gave a fuck, prolly never will

Bumpin', bumpin', bumpin', bumpin', bumpin', B-b..
Bumpin', bumpin', bumpin', bumpin', bumpin', B-b..You ain't never catching me
Pimping to the third degree
All up in this bitch
Doggin hoes, that's my pedigree
Pucci to the ground
Fuck it, I'm a thrift ho
A-Life to the ground
Bury me a rich ho
You know the name
Debbie or it's Debbie cakes
That's on the bay
I'm a mack, like Ruby Rey
Codeine in the cupboard
Bouncin' like some rubber
Everybody know, I'm a pretty muthafucka
Roll up that swisha
I'm so hot believe us
Head so in the clouds
That I'm head-butting Jesus
Oh, oh, My Jesus
Oh, oh, My Jesus
Vince gave mew that shine
Now mama watch me get this
I'm moving weight, and I ain't talking bout no fitness
All these haters gotta get it, Got these bars like Saint Quentin
I'm moving weight, I ain't talking about no fitness
All these haters gotta get it, Shout it out if you feel it
I'm a pretty muthafucka
Stunt like no otha
All about my bread
Pockets fatter than a Hummer
Codeine in the cupboard
Bouncin' like some rubber
Everybody know, I'm a pretty muthafucka
I'm pretty, pr-pretty work it bitch
If you pretty, pre-pretty work it bitch
Ay I'm pretty, pr-pretty work it bitch
If you pretty, pr-pretty muthafucka

Oakland till I D.I.E
Sat on the side of me
Frisco gotta rep it
And goddammit Richmond make em see
The Bay, the bay, the bay, ay
Run it back
The yay, that shay, that's 40 short, holla back
Beep beep, the general, Jay stylin' on em'
YSL vision, Gold get to dripping
Fubu make it new, How I do on the realness
And finess with that ease, On that car- poster shit
Damn right them used jeans
Yeah real talk, Them used jeans
Got more jewels than ghosting
I'm so seen, you unseen
Muslin, ay, I'm so mean with this in-scene
And I rock it till pure perfection
This for you, this for you, If you out there flexin
Ain't gotta tell them nothin
Cause they know, yeah they know, yeah they know

I'm a pretty muthafucka
Stunt like no otha
All about my bread
Pockets fatter than a Hummer
Codeine in the cupboard
Bouncin' like some rubber
Everybody know, I'm a pretty muthafucka
I'm pretty, pr-pretty work it bitch
If you pretty, pre-pretty work it bitch
Ay I'm pretty, pr-pretty work it bitch
If you pretty, pr-pretty muthafucka

Oakland till I D.I.EBrain dead
That's what I am, lying here
I'm brain dead
What a mess I've got us into
Brain dead
Everybody's setting off alarms
Baby, maybe lift my head up
I see
I just pulled a doozie
Don't ask why me
Roger, pass the Uzi
As the MD
Lifts me in his cruisy chiseled arms
Brain dead
Stupid and thoughtless
Is what I am
Cause I'm brain dead
And goddamned!
Brain dead
Dressed up and we're chatting
And I'm brain dead
You deserve an explanation
Brain dead
Sitting in this restaurant tonight
Waiter, later, please, we're talking

I said
You have limitations, darling

Instead
Scream your accusations
Don't be well-bred
Life ain't always happiness and light
I thought
If I could finish
A song or five
I'd be brain dead
But alive

Last scene:
Everybody's dancing
I take codeine
Oh, lovers start romancing
There's a bright green
Thing between your teeth, dear
Please don't smile
Waiter, later, please, we're fighting!
Crash, bang!
At this speed it's stimulating
Crash, bang!
I'm out here hallucinating
Crash, bang!
Actually I'm going out in style
That said, please someone kill me
If I survive
Cause I'm brain dead
Brain dead

Brain dead
Brain dead
Brain dead
But

Alive!Holiday Season
Yeah
Yeah, yeah
Yeah
It's holiday season, bitch
Uh

3 pills in my body got me noddin' off
Really think I'm out this world
Got a condom on but she begging me to take it off
Probably coming out your girl
1942 mixed it with the Clicquot and I'ma probably hurl
Lot of weight
Told the plug I could lift it with my arms, I just gotta curl
I'm killing everything, ain't got a girl
Niggas codeine feignin'
They run out to sell
We had sour diesel by the barrel
Nowadays get it up in the Panamera (skurr)
I played the block with the demons
Where you could get shot for no reason
I grew up plottin' and scheming
Now I drop the top on the beamer
My bitch ain't got her no visa
But I know her pops get it cheaper (I know)
I kick it like soccer, no Fifa (I kick it)
Just watching for robbers and Keishas
Cuzo play the block with the tweakers
100 grams in his pocket, get a slice got me some pizza
Took the foreign top down like it's Caesar
Pussy good, but homie, I wouldn't keep her

Talkin' 'bout money I gettin' it
Talkin' 'bout foreigns, I'm whippin' 'em
That shit make 'em look at you different
Havin' fun, bitch, I feel like a kid again
Lately, I've been close with Benjamin
With no camo on us we militant
Cameras stay on us, we killing shit
I woke up and went to the dealership
That's not my girl, I'm just hittin' it
Cannot be friends with no benefits
I used to trap out them tenements
That Cuban lookin' Dominican
Lately, I've been close with Benjamin
Seats in a foreign, it's cinnamon
Not guilty, they know I'm not innocent
Lately, I've been close with Benjamin

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Currently, I've just been stacking my currency
I'ma need all of mine urgently
I told you I'm in this bitch permanently
Showing no courtesy, I drop the top on 'em purposely
Tell them fuck niggas come search for me
Yeah, yeah
I mix my drink 'till it's purpley
I keep some pints for emergencies, yeah
Whenever you playin' my shit, how to go get it is what you gon' learn from me (what you gon' learn)
Money, the root of all evil, and nigga, that's just what it's turning me
When I'm creeping through the city, no foreign, I tell 'em suburban me
I got that pack on me certainly, nigga
I had your back 'till you turned on me, nigga
Whenever we come out, I'm liable to dumb out when I'm with the guyzas (yeah, yeah)
But if I'm moving doley, then the tooly on me, I ain't with the surprises (yeah, yeah)
Yeah, I'm still cool with the service
All of the workers and all the suppliers (yeah, yeah)
I cruise in the coupe and that bitch bulletproof from the roof to the tires

Talkin' 'bout money I gettin' it
Talkin' 'bout foreigns, I'm whippin' 'em
That shit make 'em look at you different
Havin' fun, bitch, I feel like a kid again
Lately, I've been close with Benjamin
With all camo on us we militant
Cameras stay on us, we killing shit
I woke up and went to the dealership
That's not my gun, I'm just hittin' it
Can I be friends with no benefits
I used to trap out them tenements
That Cuban lookin' Dominican
Lately, I've been close with Benjamin
C's in a foreign, it's cinnamon
Not guilty, they know I'm not innocent
Lately, I've been close with BenjaminI'ma put some money on her, I'ma put some money on her
I'ma put some money, I'ma ball on that right now
Yeah, the wizard

That ghetto keep my heart pumpin', baby you ain't perfect
I done made some bitter mistakes, and I'm lurkin'
I can see the grass and the snakes, and they thirsty
I can see the hate on your face, and it hurt me
I can't let it get to me, no, so I'm workin'
This day wasn't promised for me, you emotional
I put all my soul in the grind, and it's worth it
Blood on these collars and these dollars shit, politics

I didn't even have a fuckin' pot to piss (Hendrix)
Now I can spell the ace of spades when I take a piss (Ha)
Codeine in my nostrils when I take a piss (Take)
I'm immune to all of this bullshit
This government polluted and I know it (And I know it)
That's why I take a pound of kush and then I blow it (Woah)
Politics polluted and I know it (I know it)
Shakin' up my dreams, that's why I pour it (They say)
It's so hard to be faithful and I know it (I know)
When every day all you do is sip poison (Sip poison)
These girls ain't good, they poison (They some poison)
But it feels so good, takin' poison

That ghetto keep my heart pumpin', baby you ain't perfect
I done made some bitter mistakes, and I'm lurkin'
I can see the grass and the snakes, and they thirsty
I can see the hate on your face, and it hurt me
I can't let it get to me, no, so I'm workin'
This day wasn't promised for me, you emotional
I put all my soul in the grind, and it's worth it
Blood on these collars and these dollars shit, politics

Tears from my grandma make me hungry (I swear)
Recorded my first tape damn near homeless (Future)
Them same niggas ridin' turned phony
She don't speak no english, she'll still smash the homie
I can't trust no bitch, I can't trust 'em (Trust 'em)
I made a number one off hustlin' (Off hustlin')
Prosperity in my muscles (In my muscles)
My God given gift through the struggle (Free Bandz)
I remain silent, it's a real nigga (Real nigga)
It make it so hard not to kill niggas (Murder)
They treat me like Elijah Muhammad (Muhammad)
And I can wrap a bale like a omelet

That ghetto keep my heart pumpin', baby you ain't perfect
I done made some bitter mistakes, and I'm lurkin'
I can see the grass and the snakes, and they thirsty
I can see the hate on your face, and it hurt me
I can't let it get to me, no, so I'm workin'
This day wasn't promised for me, you emotional
I put all my soul in the grind, and it's worth it
Blood on these collars and these dollars shit, politics

That ghetto keep my heart pumpin', baby you ain't perfect
I done made some bitter mistakes, and I'm lurkin'
I can see the grass and the snakes, and they thirsty
I can see the hate on your face, and it hurt me
I can't let it get to me, no, so I'm workin'
This day wasn't promised for me, you emotional
I put all my soul in the grind, and it's worth it
 on these dollars in this collar shit, politics

Baby, baby, baby
Woo
That ghetto keep my heart pumpin', baby you ain't perfect
I done made some bitter mistakes, and I'm lurkin'
I can see the grass and the snakes, and they thirsty
I can see the hate on your face, and it hurt me
I can't let it get to me, no, so I'm workin'
Baby, baby, baby
SuperDirty, Dirty
Since I seen my first onion, I been counting filthy money fingers dirty
Grab that 2 liter Peach Crush and I contaminate that bitch until it's dirty
Never seen a bitch that looked that beautiful, but these diamonds she's really dirty
Can't trust a soul, don't know who be friend or foe, 12 killing niggas man this world is dirty, dirty
He think he shining but his diamonds really cloudy, he don't really know his jewelry really dirty, dirty
Moral of the story, got to keep your hands clean, nigga 12 can't wait to see 'em dirty

I been trapping out the bando all night, waiting for the pack to touchdown, man I hope that it ain't dirty
I been fucking with this bitch for a minute, took a trip and came back, man I hope that she ain't dirty
I be real nervous, hope that I don't get pulled over when I'm picking up them birdies, chameleons they riding dirty
Sipping on Codeine like it's water, wake up then piss in the morning looking at my piss like I've been drinking dirty
It's time to make a decision
Got to fuck one of these bitches
But I ain't gonna' roll the dice cuz' I know all of these bitches they dirty
If he talking like he really 'bout it
Ima' knock the money out his wallet
Give me the stick, Ima' knock the  dirty
I been counting up this money since I was a youngin' in the bando bugging
20 50's graduated to the 100, that's why a nigga fingernails dirty
Free my boy Offset, free Mango the Foo, free John Wick
They ain't did shit
And they still sit
Don't do a show in Statesboro, they'll do you dirty

Dirty, Dirty
Since I seen my first onion, I been counting filthy money fingers dirty
Grab that 2 liter Peach Crush and I contaminate that bitch until it's dirty
Never seen a bitch that looked that beautiful, but deep down inside she's really dirty
Can't trust a soul, don't know who be friend or foe, 12 killing niggas man this world is dirty, dirty
He think he shining but his diamonds really cloudy, he don't really know his jewelry really dirty, dirty
Moral of the story, got to keep your hands clean, nigga 12 can't wait to see 'em dirty

Riding 4 deep in the foreign and we riding dirty
If we get pulled over, we might get a 30
AR-15 with the beam, man the clip is dirty
She gone suck up the whole team, man this bitch is dirty
Pour a 4 inside a 20, man this bitch is muddy
I want a bitch that look like dime, counting dirty money
Most of these niggas they fake
Most of these niggas they dirty
That's why I just stay out the way
'Fore shit get real ugly

Dirty, Dirty
Since I seen my first onion, I been counting filthy money fingers dirty
Grab that 2 liter Peach Crush and I contaminate that bitch until it's dirty
Never seen a bitch that looked that beautiful, but deep down inside she's really dirty
Can't trust a soul, don't know who be friend or foe, 12 killing niggas man this world is dirty, dirty
He think he shining but his diamonds really cloudy, he don't really know his jewelry really dirty, dirty
Moral of the story, got to keep your hands clean, nigga 12 can't wait to see 'em dirtyListen, why, why you sippin'?
Why you sippin' huh?
6 Dogs
Why you sippin' dawg?
Huh
RXLVND
Ayy

Bitch, why you sippin'? you sippin' 'cause it's trendy?
Bitch, I'm sippin' 'cause I got these fucking demons in me
And my heart empty, fill the hole with money
Getting to guap, getting to the fetty
Bitch, why you sippin'? you sippin' 'cause it's trendy?
Bitch, I'm sippin' 'cause I got these fucking demons in me
And my heart empty, fill the hole with money
Getting to guap, getting to the fetty

All I wanted was a check, I don't want no new friends
Stay with my dog like I'm Johnny Test
Who you tryna test, took your bitch now she give me neck
Probably cause she saw the shine on my neck
Pulled up to the function and they know I'm next
6 Dogs hit your block, now you blessed
I feel so much more than the stress
I am so much more than depressed
Gotta kill this flavor, can't let it get the best
Heart full of hate, kidneys full of codeine (Ew)
Lost in my head, please show me

Bitch, why you sippin'? you sippin' 'cause it's trendy?
Bitch, I'm sippin' 'cause I got these fucking demons in me
And my heart empty, fill the hole with money
Getting to guap, getting to the fetty
Bitch, why you sippin'? you sippin' 'cause it's trendy?
Bitch, I'm sippin' 'cause I got these fucking demons in me
And my heart empty, fill the hole with money
Getting to guap, getting to the fettyYeah, yeah
In time, nigga sittin' tired on the 45 on my high drive
Headline, nigga, headline
Sit back, get a headline, yeah

Drop out when I'm woozy (Yeah)
Low fade, took it Boosie (Woo)
Treasure time for the booty (It's lit)
She make it slow, still movin'
Jan all out, suu-whooping (Skrrt, skrrt, Suwoo)
On my side like the Louis
When it's time, never truant (Ooh-wee)

Never breathe matter where I be
Write the hits, make a centerpiece (Drip)
One million files what they sendin' me (Drip)
Tried 'em here, never let 'em leave
Pray to God for the homies
It's okay, yeah
I can't feel my face, yeah (I can't feel my face, yeah)
It's alright (Alright), it's just some nights, mm (Woo)
That I can't fight, yeah (Drip)
Out of spite, uh
She live her life, uh
It's okay, uh (Okay)
I can't feel my face (I can't feel my face)

Sauce on my body, scoot up in Ferrari
My drip hot like Sari, my jacket Safari
She wanna put me on TV like Maury
My face is numb from the codeine I'm pouring
She blow me up when I'm busy, I'm touring
New city, new foreign, she called, I'm ignoring
She wanna be my lil' new-new like Lauryn
But that's just too boring, I'm busy explorin' girls on
Handlebars, Percs, ménage à trois
I don't want no pause, but them pills just touch the heart
She defeat the odds when her feelings get massaged
Ceiling full of stars, pop a pill and play your part
I'm Sauce

Drop out when I'm woozy (Yeah)
Low fade, took it Boosie (Woo)
Treasure time for the booty (It's lit)
She make it slow, still movin'
Jan all out, suu-whooping (Skrrt, skrrt, Suwoo)
On my side like the Louis
When it's time, never truant (Ooh-wee)

Never breathe matter where I be
Write the hits, make a centerpiece (Drip)
One million files what they sendin' me (Drip)
Tried 'em here, never let 'em leave
Pray to God for the homies
It's okay, yeah
I can't feel my face, yeah (I can't feel my face, yeah)
It's alright (Alright), it's just some nights, mm (Woo)
That I can't fight, yeah (Drip)
Out of spite, uh
She live her life, uh
It's okay, uh (Okay)
I can't feel my face (I can't feel my face)Hey let him follow you down
Way underground wind and he's bound
Bound to follow you down
Just a dead beat right off the street
Bound to follow you down
Well the ballrooms and smelly bordellos
And dressing rooms filled with parasites
On stage the band has got problems
They're a bag of nerves on first nights
He is not tied down to no home town
Yeah, and he thought he was reckless
You think he's bad, he thinks you're mad
Yeah, and the guitar player gets restless

And his coat is torn and frayed
It's seen much better days
Just as long as the guitar plays
Let it steal your heart away
Let it steal your heart away

Joe's got a cough, sounds kind a rough
Yeah, and the codeine to fix it
Doctor prescribes, drug store supplies
Who's gonna help him to kick it

Well his coat is torn and frayed
It`s seen much better days
Just as long as the guitar plays
Let it steal your heart away
Let it steal your heart awayYeah

I drop prescription pills up in my cup, these drugs tear me apart
I'm talking to myself alone in my room like I lost the plot
And every Friday, I still keep my bro LB in my duas
The strongest dominating character's always been from a lot
And I was creeping on my BM, she was pregnant, what a arse
That shit got toxic, she had to leave, my daughter's a fresh start
Meeting with my counsellor, she shook her head, said, "What a past"
Closed visits tryna dap Gutta through the glass

I watch my daughter grow through pictures, makes me sad but makes me laugh
I'm tryna chase my dream but see her once a week, that's not enough
Oi, broski, fill me up 'cause I ain't tryna feel a thing
How the fuck the fakest niggas always say the realest things?
And if I could go back in time then I would never let the devil in
Told my new lady, "Me and you gonna do everything"
I'm married to the game but I ain't got no wedding ring
It's hard to confess that that codeine my medicine
And if I could go back in time then I would never let the devil in
Told my new lady, "Me and you gonna do everything"
I'm married to the game but I ain't got no wedding ring
It's hard to confess that that codeine my medicine

I got my Styrofoam cup, mix this thing with alcohol
First time we fuck, don't tell a soul, they'll never know
And I turn that pussy to a waterfall
I make that pussy do a somersault
Make us argue, think you know it all
She said "Money can't buy love"
Girl, I'm only trying once
I'm a thug but I need these hugs, too
Eat that pussy? I'd love to
Eat that pussy like fast food
Think I see myself in you, I won't put it past you

I watch my daughter grow through pictures, makes me sad but makes me laugh
I'm tryna chase my dream but see her once a week, that's not enough
Oi, broski, fill me up 'cause I ain't tryna feel a thing
How the fuck the fakest niggas always say the realest things?
And if I could go back in time then I would never let the devil in
Told my new lady, "Me and you gonna do everything"
I'm married to the game but I ain't got no wedding ring
It's hard to confess that that codeine my medicineHow can you blame a nigga?
I swear that money it change a nigga
When I got money, it changed some niggas
I bust down that Rollie‚ my chain got bigger
I lost my lil' homie‚ it changed a nigga
I keep a Glock 40‚ won't change my nigga
But now I got money, put change on niggas
They call me OG, my niggas kill you for free
But I'ma still pay them niggas
Free CBD‚ fuck the judge and police
They tryna hang a nigga
Been sippin' codeine, and I just might die in my sleep
So I go to bed with the stainless, nigga
How can you blame a nigga?
I swear that money it change a nigga
When I got money‚ it changed some niggas
I bust down that Rollie, my chain got bigger
I lost my lil' homie, it changed a nigga
I keep a Glock 40, won't change my nigga
But now I got money, put change on niggas
How can you blame a nigga?

When I made it to the top, only Lord knows
Growing up from the SWAT made my heart cold
Had to work at the pot like gumbo
Had to stand on the block like Mutombo
Had to jack me a box like jumbo
Hit 'em quarterback blitz like Romo
Hit 'em with the hit stick, make 'em fumble
1-7-18 for Woodrow
121 for Bantho
R.I.P. to my nigga Slow Groove
Rest in peace to my nigga Young Deuce
Love for lil' homie Ghost and Kenny Lu
Now my heart gone like John Q
They were paper chasin' for the revenue
Tryna flip a pack just like an acrobat
And get a hundred stacks and get a Hellcat
Matte black with the Forgiato shoes
They looked up to their big brother
Said, "Maxo, I wanna be like you"
Told 'em go for what you know
And work your move
Just chase the dough and you will get it soon
Next thing I know, I see them dead on the news
Bad block, head shot up, blood from his shirt to his shoes
How the fuck they let it happen?
How they let some niggas clap 'em
They was pistol packin', they wasn't lackin'
They died with their tools
Countin', paper chasin', revenue
You see what that money do?
How can you blame 'em niggas?

How can you blame a nigga?
I swear that money it change a nigga
When I got money, it changed some niggas
I bust down that Rollie, my chain got bigger
I lost my lil' homie, it changed a nigga
I keep a Glock 40, won't change my nigga
But now I got money, put change on niggas
They call me OG, my niggas kill you for free
But I'ma still pay them niggas
Free CBD, fuck the judge and police
They tryna hang a nigga
Been sippin' codeine, and I just might die in my sleep
So I go to bed with the stainless, nigga
How can you blame a nigga?

I swear that money it change a nigga
Tried to boss up the homie and change the nigga
He kept stealin' money and change from me
Rather die 'fore you tell him we bang on niggas
Hi, I'm your brother but you here to stain on niggas
But how can you blame a nigga?
Remember back in my broke days
Said "if I got some change, I'll never change"
'Til I got some change, then I bought a chain
Then I got deranged, money come and change
Everything, it's a damn shame
People treat you better when you're broke and lame
Used to be my nigga 'til I got the figures
Money came between us like Jigga, dang
I used to hang with niggas
The 11-trey-7 bang, gang with niggas
My mama told me, "these niggas snake, fake, jank"
And they'll turn on me
Niggas will snitch, tell me they're homies
Niggas will switch, change up on me
Real nigga shit, just 'cause that nigga a Crip
Don't mean that nigga my homie
I had to work like a slave, my nigga
Ten toes down, I stayed, my nigga
No handouts, just gave, my nigga
Niggas talkin' 'bout they made a nigga
I bought me a loft, my mama a house
I'm a big boss, persona my livin'

How can you blame a nigga?
I swear that money it change a nigga
When I got money, it changed some niggas
I bust down that Rollie, my chain got bigger
I lost my lil' homie, it changed a nigga
I keep a Glock 40, won't change my nigga
But now I got money, put change on niggas
They call me OG, my niggas kill you for free
But I'ma still pay them niggas
Free CBD, fuck the judge and police
They tryna hang a nigga
Been sippin' codeine, and I just might die in my sleep
So I go to bed with the stainless, nigga
How can you blame a nigga?
I swear that money it change a nigga
When I got money, it changed some niggas
I bust down that Rollie, my chain got bigger
I lost my lil' homie, it changed a nigga
I keep a Glock 40, won't change my nigga
But now I got money, put change on niggas
How can you blame a nigga?Oliver Set
Aftertheparty - Bargain
Drake - Trust Issues
Drake - Days in the East
PARTYNEXTDOOR - West District
Drake - Star67
Drake - Successful ft. Lil Wayne & Trey Songz
PARTYNEXTDOOR - FWU
PARTYNEXTDOOR - Don't Worry
Drake - One Dance (Dubplate Remix)
Dave - Wanna Know (Remix) ft. Drake
Drake - Wu-Tang Forever
Roy Woods - Why
The Weeknd - What You Need
PARTYNEXTDOOR - Let's Get Married
Drake - The Real Her ft. Lil Wayne & André 3000
The Weeknd - The Zone ft. Drake
Drake - Connect
The Weeknd - Coming Down
Roy Woods - Jealousy
The-Dream - Luv Songs
Drake - Shut It Down
Drake - Yes Indeed ft. Lil Baby 
Mighty Crown Set
H.E.R. - Focus
Sting & Shaggy - Love Changes Everything
Chronixx - Spanish Town Rockin
Koffee - Raggamuffin
Sting & Shaggy - Don't Make Me Wait
Kabaka Pyramid - Borders ft. Stonebwoy
Vybz Kartel - Watch Over Us
Popcaan - New Money
Popcaan - Family
Shane O - A Mill Fi Share
Masicka - Roll Clean
Vybz Kartel - How
Aidonia - Banga
Masicka - Kill Quick
Masicka - Crab Inna Barell
Popcaan - El Chapo
Masicka - The Right Place
Popcaan - Inviolable
Jahmiel - Heaven
Mavado - All Night
Alkaline - Suave
Kranium - Lastnight
Fire Ball - Don't Turn Dat Down
Mighty Crown - Foo Fool Boy ft. Awich
Aidonia - Yeah Yeah
Ding Dong - Dweet (Genna Bounce) ft. Bravo Ravers
Masicka - Greatness
DJ Charlie B Set
Moneybagg Yo - Black Feet ft. BlocBoy JB
Rich The Kid - End of Discussion ft. Lil Wayne
Preme - No Defeat
Kodak Black - Codeine Dreaming ft. Lil Wayne
LB - I Love My Gang ft. Ching
DJ ESCO - Warzone ft. Future
Notifi - Dramamine
A Boogie wit da Hoodie - Odee
BlocBoy JB - Rover 2.0 ft. 21 Savage
Pressa - Toronto
88GLAM - Ice on My Leash
DJ ESCO - Chek ft. Future
Jimmy Of The Saints - I3
Fredo - Rappin' & Trappin
Famous Dex - JAPAN
Oliver Set
03 Greedo - Sweet LadyAyy
BrentRambo

Drive so fast sound like the panoramic open
Codeine toxic, that's my potion
I got shawty from the low end, ayy, ayy
Hood bitch, but she get flew'd out over oceans
She just travel like she owed it
She gon' give it to me, don't owe it, ayy

I got hoes from L.A. to the low end
In G5, I miss slow motion
She just love me 'cause I throw it
Stripper hoes and me, the closest, uh
Treat the rental like I own it
My name LUCKI, but in this AMG, I'm Tony, ayy
AJ left me lonely, ayy
KK let me own it, ayy
She wanna fly to the 'Raq
High speeds get her soakin', ayy
I wanna have my back, yeah
I don't even want you to hold it, ayy
She think I'm the devil, uh
He the most beautiful person, uh
No Xanax, I'm nervous, mmh
On the withdrawal, we purgin', ayy
She wanna have my back, uh
Just to stab it and sew it, ayy
I'm so used to that, ayy
I don't even lose my focus, ayy
Ayy, ayy

Drive so fast sound like the panoramic open
Codeine toxic, that's my potion
I got shawty from the low end, ayy, ayy
Hood bitch, but she get flew'd out over oceans
She just travel like she owed it
She gon' give it to me, don't owe it, ayy, ayy

From L.A. to the low end
In G5, I be slow motion
Uh, ayy, ayy
But I throw it
Stripper hoes with me the closest
Ooh, ayy
Copy, ayy
Copy, ayy
Copy, yeahYou ban me from sleeping pills and codeine
I'm at my best, just even knowing
You're coming around, you're coming around
You switch from vodka, lime and soda
And I hate every girl that's ever known ya
And you know a lot about me, it's more than I can stand

Only on weekends we feel the love
Only on weekends this happens to us
Only on weekends I have no room for anyone else, but you

And I took your number quicker than my next breath
I call your house phone just to listen, to hear what your life might sound like
What your life might sound like

Only on weekends we feel the love
Only on weekends this happens to us
Only on weekends I have no room for anyone else, but you
Only on weekends we feel the same
Only on weekends is what we do
Only on weekends I have no room for anyone else, but you

There's a place for us
There's a tiny little room for two
And it's crystallised in my mind, that tiny little room
With you
Only on weekends

Only on weekends we feel the love
Only on weekends this happens to us
Only on weekends I have no room for anyone else, but you
For anyone else, but you
Only on weekends
Only on weekends
On weekends I have no room for anyone else, but youNeedles under foot as he stumbles out to the dock
Big toe feeling it through the hole in his sock
Car keys dangling absently from the lock
Of the Buick Regal parked to the side of the roadblock
Celly on the center console continued buzzing
Name on the screen Katrina, parentheses baby cousin
"Dissolve Me" on the speakers is playing into the nothing
He fixes his hair for no one, a steady pace, never rushing
Faded blue polo shirt missing a top button
Khakis with a coffee stain ripping near where he cuff 'em
Tongue on the roof of his cotton mouth is feeling rough
And got a pocket full of stones and a cup full of Robitussin
Too many stars to count and the moon is high up and blushing
Water is the calmest, the breeze in the pine is rustling
And the piston in his temple, relentless in how it's crushing
Everything but the sound of her crying, screaming, and cussing
(The purple round her eye was deepening as he pleaded and backed away from the door)

(Sleeplessly embracing)
Rage in a bottle, wanna throw it out to sea
(Sleeplessly embracing)
Never seen the ocean so this lake will have to do
(Sleeplessly embracing)
Pumping his brakes to the sound of the beat
(Sleeplessly embracing)
Leave the tarnished ring with a note inside of the shoe
It's all fucked up now

Shit, Katrina pushes ‘Send’ again
Same thing ringing right until the voice messaging
Tick tick tick tick, left blinker clicks fast
From the burnt-out tail light, open toe on the gas
Heater on her face to compensate for the chill
Plastic on the passenger window thunders at will
New tattoo on the neck is itchin', but "Damn that's ill"
Is what Snake had said to her while she re-ing up on her pills
Pop a couple now as she driving around the woods
Knew from the beginning that marriage would be no good
Told him not to fall for the first available hottie
But she knew he would, she knew him better than anybody
He'd always take the first, well technically the second
If you count the time he slipped into her room when she was seven
And he told her that he loved her and everything was okay
That was just a week before they took her mother away
(She knows that he's poison but he was the only one who stayed when she needed it most)

(Sleeplessly embracing)
Dress up like a princess and come out to the party
(Sleeplessly embracing)
Tired of the burning so this numb will have to do
(Sleeplessly embracing)
A little bit of dirt never hurt nobody
(Sleeplessly embracing)
Always protect the thing that you know is true
It's all fucked up now

Shoes taken off and placed upon the bank
Crickets in the distance are dissonant and he brakes
He's fine for just a minute, reflecting on all the days
Of joy before he slipped back into his sinister ways
How well could he justify every choice that he'd make?
How little control a little girl could ever take
How little he cared in the moment if she would wake
Hopefully she was so little, she'd not remember the ache
His toe is in the water, it's ice, it's codeine
It's dimming all the stars and it's muffling all the screams
It's now up to his waist and he's wading into a dream
His pulse is racing, causing the surface tension to steam
The water at his chest, his lungs fighting collapse
The frogs see it best, he thinks, he starts to laugh
The water at his eyelids now, and he's 'bout to pass out
She could be rid of him now at last
(The note he left read "Please never tell her, love James")
(Sleeplessly embracing)
The ripples disappear and there's nothing left to show
(Sleeplessly embracing)
Never been concluded so the end will have to do
(Sleeplessly embracing)
High not low, and away we go
(Sleeplessly embracing)
Tomorrow it'll all be a perfect shade of blue
(Sleeplessly embracing) It's all fucked up now
(Sleeplessly embracing) It's all fucked up now
(Sleeplessly embracing) It's all fucked up now
(Sleeplessly embracing) It's all fucked up nowI'm 'bout my commas, I'm 'bout my come up
Young nigga run up, run up the summer
Tats on my stomach like Makaveli
Back of the back in the back of Telly's
With the racks in the sac I will rap on belly
They will act real really niggas acting sidity
Ain't no Actavis in the city, woah

This for my road dawg, this for my, this for my road dawg
This for my road dawg, this for my, this for my road dawg
This for my road dawg, this for my, this for my road dawg
This for my road dawg, this is a real nigga role call

We spend it and get it back, we had invented that
See we on the internet, fly as an insect
Shine like the moonlight, told 'em gesundheit
I'm throwing cheese up like it's a food fight
They talking ‘bout that dough and I tell you, I do not believe 'em
When I was on Codeine I went to the store and bought all of the liters
Follow the leader, monkey see, monkey do
It was critical bought the  went and bought three pair of shoes
Trapping all night, you know the rules
Trapping all night, it ain't no rules
I pay my dues, copped it in twos
And all I do is sell shit, I should go on a cruise

This for my road dawg, this for my, this for my road dawg
This for my road dawg, this for my, this for my road dawg
This for my road dawg, this for my, this for my road dawg
This for my road dawg, this is a real nigga role callAyy, ayy, cuz, you 'bout to call back?
I'm finna, hold on, I'm finna call back, you know
Goddamn handle your business, cuz, I'ma call you tomorrow, nigga
Answer for me, answer for me, I love you, my nigga
Aight, love you too, nigga
I'm 'bout to goddamn cut up for you on the highway, man
Aight, love you, nigga, be safe
Love you too, dawg
Aight

Phone jumpin' up off of the wall, it gotta be my dawg
I been tryna make some time for your calls, wish I could take them all
I swear there ain't no problem too big or small, I'll never let 'em fall
I swear there ain't no problem too big or small, I'll never let 'em fall
Phone jumpin' up off of the wall, it gotta be my dawg
I been tryna make some time for your calls, wish I could take them all
I swear there ain't no problem too big or small, I'll never let 'em fall
I swear there ain't no problem too big or small, I'll never let 'em fall

Yeah, I'd be lying if I said shawty really ain't my kind
So I done tried everything in the world just to make you mine
Like NumbaNine, they call me Rondo, girl, I'm hard to find
If you accept me, girl, you can't even define
You do for me, I spend these blues
You root for me, I shoot for you
Girl, cut out all that attitude, they just doin' what groupies do
I made a vow to never change and keep it real with the crew
I know my mama proud of me, Balenciaga shoes

Phone jumpin' up off of the wall, it gotta be my dawg
I been tryna make some time for your calls, wish I could take them all
I swear there ain't no problem too big or small, I'll never let 'em fall
I swear there ain't no problem too big or small, I'll never let 'em fall
Phone jumpin' up off of the wall, it gotta be my dawg
I been tryna make some time for your calls, wish I could take them all
I swear there ain't no problem too big or small, I'll never let 'em fall
I swear there ain't no problem too big or small, I'll never let 'em fall

Yeah, collect from Pop, I might rap the whole time we on the phone
He like, "lil' brother, how you living? What's goin' on?"
I might pop out with them hitters, then come shoot up your home
I told 'em, "Me speak no English," they ask who pressed his dome
My feelings been got evicted when I thought it was love
I smell the codeine while pissing, I love them double cups
I really come from the trenches, extensions, load it up
I'm on another dimension, abusing all these drugs

Phone jumpin' up off of the wall, it gotta be my dawg
I been tryna make some time for your calls, wish I could take them all
I swear there ain't no problem too big or small, I'll never let 'em fall
I swear there ain't no problem too big or small, I'll never let 'em fall
Phone jumpin' up off of the wall, it gotta be my dawg
I been tryna make some time for your calls, wish I could take them all
I swear there ain't no problem too big or small, I'll never let 'em fall
I swear there ain't no problem too big or small, I'll never let 'em fall*Lyrics from Snippet*
Came out busting
Came out puffing
Came out fucking
On your cousin
I do all these floozies worser
Than they daddy, but you love her
You in trouble, I'm lil' sunny
I go barbecue with Satan
That's your busy, it ain't shit
I went shopping, left it running
Check my hundreds, check my onion
We watch cable at my Auntie's
Cause my papa wasn't trapping
But my uncle onto something
Mr. Magic Billy Batson
Mr. Magic Billy Batson
Miss me with that loco hating
On a nigga, get it cracking
I'm not surprised, I'm on the rise
Been on a ride, wet as my eyes
Spare me the lie, just hold it down
All I require, just hold it down
They go shit talking when we not around
Niggas be hating with feet on the ground
Got that lil' jit with a beat on the couch
Nut on her coochie and then beat on her mouth
Came out bussin, came out bussin
Came out bussin, came out bussin
Came out bussin, came out bussin
Came out bussin, came out bussin
Came out bussin, came out bussin
Came out bussin, came out bussin
Came out bussin, came out bussin
Came out bussin, came out bussin
I’m road runnin', I'm so cunning
High tech digit, flat four button
Bad boy shawty, that boy probably
Nascar Audi, Swanton Bomb it
Two white bitches, still gon' pick it
Fly shit kick it, still cold digit
Young like Slizzy, get back witcha
Step back, hit em with the step back swish it
Hey nigga, hoping that her nut might glisten
Shit might triple, shit might whistle
She might hit you, Willy Wonka, in my codeine
Then my nigga
I been stacking for a really
When he pull up, they gon' pay back
You went platinum up in prison
I'm just floating on a river
Please be cunning, please be gorgeous
Please be with it, please be for it
Never do donuts in your foreign
Never pay, hey, well I do it
Never control it, I can't control itYeah
Been wantin to get a drumma drumma beat
Jelly Roll --- Free Style
A - Game
I was born like this
This rap shits easy man
All you gotta do is tell the truth
It's hard for some of y'all though huh?

Welcome to the dirty South
I'm the one you heard about
That white boy from the ville blew up from nuthin but word of mouth
I ain't got no single no potential for the radio
I just got the hood behind me on top of a crazy flow
I'll let that .380 go, better let your lady know
It's a drought and I got more white than the Slim Shady show
Hold on let me stop a second shoot back to the top a second
How the fuck you pop bud he ain't never drop a record
Yeah they say it's smooth is, the way that I moved it
Pull up in the new benz the color of a blue 10
Talkin about a blue tint really I need five cause
Just to ease my mind I need at least three at a time for real

Let me pop another pill
Cause it's the only thing that make my mind clear
Let me pop another pill
Cause it's the only thing that really make me chill

Take one of me add some liquor syrup and some dro
Get two xanax bar crush'em up and pour'em down my throat
Pick me up shake me twice and put me right back on the flo'
Give me a half an hour and I'll be higher than you would ever know
I'm too high fuck it no I'm not let's go and get some mo
I'm on my heath ledger shit was that too soon? Fuck you ho!
I'm the hypnotize minds joker always staying throwed
Now that Jelly's down with Wyte music we going to get the dough
I'm the cracker he's the jam now we bought to stack some cheese
Two of the hardest honkeys in the game and we rep Tennessee
We go'ing get it but for now let's pop some pills and get fried
After all do you have any idea how many times I've died?


See it's trouble Wyte beside me itching scratching from the codeine
Come on down to Cashville and everybody know me
Antioch to M-Town
Ask them boys I been down, I don't need a chopper
Just a good shot and about 10 rounds
Really fuck my image, ain't never been a gimmick
O.G. in my city like squeeky is to Memphis
Yeah the boys still tatted up pockets still fat as fuck
Team needs a home run they look at me like "batter up"
Lot of shits changed since I got with Wyte music
But now I'm stackin money like I'm motherfuckin jewish
Yeah jelly roll will do it, I'll wake up and get to it
And A game is still my motherfuckin movement bitchNo, they ain't picture me this way
I remember they used to laugh at me
Now when I walk up on the stage
All the bitches, they love to grab at me
Through these Cartier shades
I see the hate, why they mad at me?
Couple thousand in the safe, other half go in the kitchen cabinet

I got 'em sick that they stomach startin' to have it no way
Shittin' on 'em in public like I ain't got no manners
Bank account on fleek, I know they hate I got my balance
I told my haters take a seat because I know they can't stand this
They drowned tryin' to ride my wave, they couldn't surf no more
I look Ma Dukes in the face like we ain't gon' hurt no more
I'm healin' from a heartbreak, I done been hurt before
Now everyone around me paid and rockin' Christian Dior
Got everyone in my face like, "When the tape gon' drop?"
Readin' the comments on my page, like when the hate gon' stop?
Shooters hittin' my line like, "When the cake gon' drop?"
Got the key to my city, I got the gates on lock
Eighty-thousand on diamonds that's on a new wrist watch
As long as it's shinin', no it ain't got to tick tock
I fell in love with designer, she really love my drip-drop
I really came from the trenches, that's why I love them grip Glocks
Down on my dick, I ain't have shit so I had to go get it
Pourin' codeine inside my drink so I can handle my feelings
Prayin' to God that it don't rain 'cause I got cracks in my ceiling
Look out my window watchin' J's served in the back of the building
Kind of hard to leave the game, I'm tryin' to stack up a million
It's kind of hard to stack your change when you're constantly givin'
It's kind of hard to kick the drink when day to night you be sippin'
It's kind of hard to leave the streets when that's the life that you livin'
It's kind of hard to maintain when they all in your business
It's kind of hard to switch lanes when they want your position

No, they ain't picture me this way
I remember they used to laugh at me
Now when I walk up on the stage
All the bitches, they love to grab at me
Through these Cartier shades
I see the hate, why they mad at me?
Couple thousand in the safe, other half go in the kitchen cabinet

I got 'em sick that they stomach startin' to have it no way
Shittin' on 'em in public like I ain't got no manners
Bank account on fleek, I know they hate I got my balance
I told my haters take a seat because I know they can't stand thisYeah, yeah, yeah
Oh, oh, woah
Woah, woah
Oh
(You good, T-Minus?)
Oh

Me-meet me at The London
If you find time, we can run one
Talk about some things we can't undo
You just send the pin, I can find you
6'1", on the money, 9'2"
You just say the word and I'll run through
Two texts, no reply, that's when I knew
I knew, I knew, yeah, I knew

Yeah, circumnavigate the globe as the cash grows (Grow)
Get a nigga whacked like you get the grass mowed (Mowed)
I'm talkin' slick when I'm with the Big Slime, nigga (Slime)
Could hit your bitch, you could never hit mine, nigga (Mine)
In my DM, they electric slide, nigga (Huh, slide)
No catfishin', this is not a fish fry, nigga
Never switch sides on my dog
Catch a contact, hitch a ride, go to Mars
Everybody sing
How could you come up out your face
And say I ain't the hardest nigga you done ever heard?
I left a flock of rappers dead and buried
A verse from me is like eleven birds
Just did the math, that's like two thousand dollars every word
I'm on the verge, I'll beat the charge
I killed some niggas and I walked away from it
Then I observe, just how you curve
Then told the nigga that they gotta wait for it
"I know—I know you in high demand"
I'm ballin' on a pussy nigga like Juwanna Mann
I'm drownin' all inside the pussy like I never swam
Ayy, fuck your IG, I put somethin' on your sonogram
I'm the man, ayy, ayy

Me-meet me at The London
If you find time, we can run one
Talk about some things we can't undo
You just send the pin, I can find you
6'1", on the money, 9'2"
You just say the word and I'll run through
Two texts, no reply, that's when I knew
I knew, I knew, yeah, I knew

Pimp talk, church talk, I can make a brick walk (Woo)
Up north, down south, Bankhead to Rachel Walk (Ayy)
Hit it with a little water, stretch it like a vocal cord
STD, I run my ward, fuck a fed and his daughter (Let's go)
I'ma run the compound (Yeah)
I supply the cigarettes and bread (Woo)
I got a main and she gon' ride (Uh-huh)
She took a quarter and she fled (Uh)
I'm in the Lamb', so she gon' ride (Yeah)
I see the pain in shawty's light brown eyes (Ooh)
I'm at The London with some big thots
No fries, she eat steaks with the fish sides
Didn't your mama tell you when something on fire, stop, drop and roll? (Aw yeah)
I've been on the road like a pair of spinners at Stop-N-Go's (Yeah)
I could charge 'em like a Dodge Hemi Demon
Got your broad in the garage eatin' semen
Every time a nigga go back to the ward
Niggas act like they want start
And we leave them on the cement (Grra, grra)

Me-meet me at The London
If you find time, we can run one
Talk about some things we can't undo
You just send the pin, I can find you
6'1", on the money, 9'2"
You just say the word and I'll run through
Two texts, no reply, that's when I knew
I knew, I knew, yeah, I knew

I, crash down, we get money (Hey)
For the full town (Woah, when you won't play, I)
I decided, for the full side (Hoes will say)
And they know, I might (And fly, I...)
Get down, might (Don't play)
See the whole town every time, I... (Oh, every day)
Yeah, they know what's up (Folks will say)I wanna see your pom poms from the stands
Come on, come on

My fingertips and my lips
They burn from the cigarettes
Forrest Gump
You run my mind, boy
Running on my mind, boy
Forrest Gump

I know you, Forrest
I know you wouldn't hurt a beetle
But you're so buff and so strong
I'm nervous, Forrest
Forrest Gump

My fingertips and my lips
They burn from the cigarettes
Forrest Gump
You run my mind, boy
Running on my mind, boy
Forrest Gump

I saw your game, Forrest
I was screaming, "Run forty-four!"
But you kept running past the end zone
Oh, where'd you go, Forrest?
Forrest Gump

My fingertips and my lips
They burn from the cigarettes
Forrest Gump
You run my mind, boy
Running on my mind, boy
Forrest Gump

Forrest green, Forrest blues
I'm remembering you
If this is love, I know it's true
I won't forget you
(You, you, oh, you, you)
It's for you, Forrest
(You, you, oh, you, you)
It's for you, Forrest
Forrest GumpI look up from the ground
To see your sad and teary eyes
You look away from me
And I see there's something you're trying to hide
And I reach for your hand but it's cold
You pull away again
And I wonder what's on your mind
And then you say to me you made a dumb mistake
You start to tremble and your voice begins to break
You say the cigarettes on the counter weren't your friend's
They were my mate's
And I feel the colour draining from my face

And my friend said
"I know you love her, but it's over, mate
It doesn't matter, put the phone away
It's never easy to walk away, let her go
It'll be alright"

So I still look back at all the messages you'd sent
And I know it wasn't right, but it was fucking with my head
And everything deleted like the past, yeah, it was gone
And when I touched your face, I could tell you're moving on
But it's not the fact that you kissed him yesterday
It's the feeling of betrayal, that I just can't seem to shake
And everything I know tells me that I should walk away
But I just wanna stay

And my friend said
"I know you love her, but it's over, mate
It doesn't matter, put the phone away
It's never easy to walk away, let her go
It'll be okay
It's gonna hurt for a bit of time
So bottoms up, let's forget tonight
You'll find another and you'll be just fine
Let her go"

But nothing heals the past like time
And they can't steal
The love you're born to find
But nothing heals the past like time
And they can't steal
The love you're born to find

"I know you love her, but it's over, mate
It doesn't matter, put the phone away
It's never easy to walk away, let her go
It'll be okay
It's gonna hurt for a bit of time
So bottoms up, let's forget tonight
You'll find another and you'll be just fine
Let her go"

It'll be alright
It'll be alright
It'll be alright
It'll be alright
It'll be alrightShe worked her way through a cheap pack of cigarettes
Hard liquor mixed with a bit of intellect
And all the boys, they were saying they were into it
Such a pretty face, on a pretty neck

She's driving me crazy, but I'm into it, but I'm into it
I'm kinda into it
It's getting crazy, I think I'm losing it, I think I'm losing it
Oh, I think she said "I'm having your baby, it's none of your business"
"I'm having your baby, it's none of your business"
(It's none of your, it's none of your)
"I'm having your baby (Hey, ah), it's none of your business" (Oh)
"I'm having your baby (Hey, hey), it's none of your, it's none of your" (Ow!)

It's New York, baby, always jacked up (Hey)
Holland Tunnel for a nose, it's always backed up 
When she's alone, she goes home to a cactus (Uh)
In a black dress, she's such an actress 

Driving me crazy, but I'm into it, but I'm into it
I'm kinda into it
It's getting crazy, I think I'm losing it, I think I'm losing it
Oh, I think she said "I'm having your baby, it's none of your business"
"I'm having your baby, it's none of your business" (it's none of your, it's none of your)
"I'm having your baby, it's none of your business"
"I'm having your baby, it's none of your, it's none of your"

She sits beside me like a silhouette
Hard candy dripping on me 'til my feet are wet
And now she's all over me, it's like I paid for it (cha-ching!)
It's like I paid for it, I'm gonna pay for this

It's none of your, it's none of your
"I'm having your baby, it's none of your business"
"I'm having your baby, it's none of your business" (it's none of your, none of your)
"I'm having your baby, it's none of your business"
"I'm having your baby, it's none of your business" (it's none of your, none of your)She keeps a Moët et Chandon in her pretty cabinet
Let them eat cake she says, just like Marie Antoinette
A built-in remedy for Khrushchev and Kennedy (Ooh, ooh)
At anytime an invitation, you can't decline (Ooh, ooh)
Caviar and cigarettes, well versed in etiquette
Extraordinarily nice

She's a Killer Queen
Gunpowder, gelatine
Dynamite with a laser beam
Guaranteed to blow your mind (Pa-pa-pa-pa)
(Anytime)
Ooh
Recommended at the price
Insatiable in appetite
Wanna try?

To avoid complications, she never kept the same address
In conversation, she spoke just like a baroness
Met a man from China, went down to Geisha Minah (Ooh, ooh)
(Killer, killer, she's a killer Queen)
Then again incidentally, if you're that way inclined
Perfume came naturally from Paris (Naturally)
For cars, she couldn't care less
Fastidious and precise

She's a Killer Queen
Gunpowder, gelatine
Dynamite with a laser beam
Guaranteed to blow your mind
(Pa-pa-pa-pa)
Anytime


Drop of a hat she's as willing as, playful as a pussy cat
(Ooh)
Then momentarily out of action (Ooh)
Temporarily out of gas (Ta-taaa)
To absolutely drive (Drive you wild, wild)
She's all out to get you

She's a Killer Queen
Gunpowder, gelatine
Dynamite with a laser beam (Pa-pa-pa-ra)
Guaranteed to blow your mind
(Anytime)
Ooh
Recommended at the price
Insatiable in appetite
Wanna try?

Wanna try?The second someone mentioned you were all alone
I could feel the trouble coursin' through your veins
Now I know it's got a hold
Just a phone call left unanswered had me sparkin' up
These cigarettes won't stop me wonderin' where you are
Don't let go, keep a hold

If you look into the distance, there's a house upon the hill
Guidin' like a lighthouse
To a place where you'll be safe to feel our grace
'Cause we've all made mistakes
If you've lost your way

I will leave the light on
I will leave the light on
I will leave the light on
I will leave the light on

Tell me what's been happenin', what's been on your mind
Lately, you've been searchin' for a darker place to hide
That's alright
But if you carry on abusing, you'll be robbed from us
I refuse to lose another friend to drugs
Just come home, don't let go

If you look into the distance, there's a house upon the hill
Guidin' like a lighthouse
To a place where you'll be safe to feel our grace
'Cause we've all made mistakes
If you've lost your way

I will leave the light on
I will leave the light on
I will leave the light on
I will leave the light on
I will leave the light on

If you look into the distance, there's a house upon the hill
Guidin' like a lighthouse
It's a place where you'll be safe to feel our grace
And if you've lost your way, if you've lost your way
I will leave the light on
And I know you're down and out now, but I need you to be brave
Hidin' from the truth ain't gonna make this all okay
I see your pain
If you don't feel our grace and you've lost your way

Well, I will leave the light on
I will leave the light on
'Cause I will leave the light onEvora, Evora
Evora, Evora
Evora, Evora
Evora, Evora

Les effluves de rhum dans ta voix, me font tourner la tête
Tu me fais danser du bout des doigts, comme tes cigarettes
Immobile, comme à ton habitude, mais es-tu devenue muette ?
Ou est-ce à cause des kilomètres, que tu ne me réponds plus...

Evora, Evora, tu ne m'aimes plus ou quoi ?
Evora, Evora, après tant d'années
Evora, Evora, une de perdue, c'est ça ?
Evora, Evora, je te retrouverai, c'est sûr...

Souviens-toi de la première fois, où nos regards s'étaient croisés
Même que ton oeil disait merde à l'autre, surtout à moi
Mais pourquoi moi, alors que les autres te trouvaient bien trop laide
Peut-être que moi je suis trop bête, mais je sais t'écouter

Evora, Evora, tu ne m'aimes plus ou quoi ?
Evora, Evora, après tant d'années
Evora, Evora, une de perdue, c'est ça ?
Evora, Evora, je te retrouverai, c'est sûr...

Ave Cesaria, chapeau pour la route à pieds
Nue est, et nue était, Diva aux pieds nus, restera
Et à vie Cesaria, et à la mort aussi
Obrigado, tu embrigadas des millions de soldats dans ta patrie
Donc garde à vous Cesaria, tu nous as tous quand même bien eus
Ah tout le monde te croyait disparue, mais tu es revenue
Sacrée Cesaria, quelle belle leçon d'humilité
Malgré toutes ces bouteilles de rhum, tous les chemins mènent à la dignité

Evora, Evora, tu ne m'aimes plus ou quoi ?
Evora, Evora, après tant d'années
Evora, Evora, une de perdue, c'est ça ?
Evora, Evora, je te retrouverai, c'est sûr...

Oh Sodade... Sadadi di nha Cesaria...Something about the way that you walked into my living room
Casually and confident lookin' at the mess I am
But still you, still you want me
Stress lines and cigarettes, politics, and deficits
Late bills and overages, screamin' and hollerin'
But still you, still you want me

Oh, I always let you down
You're shattered on the ground
But still, I find you there
Next to me
And oh, stupid things I do
I'm far from good, it's true
But still, I find you
Next to me (next to me)

There's something about the way that you always see the pretty view
Overlook the blooded mess, always lookin' effortless
And still you, still you want me
I got no innocence, faith ain't no privilege
I am a deck of cards, vice or a game of hearts
And still you, still you want me

Oh, I always let you down
You're shattered on the ground
But still, I find you there
Next to me
And oh, stupid things I do
I'm far from good, it's true
But still, I find you
Next to me (next to me)

Oh
So thank you for taking a chance on me
I know it isn't easy
But I hope to be worth it (Oh)
So thank you for taking a chance on me
I know it isn't easy
But I hope to be worth it (Oh)


Oh, I always let you down (I always let you down)
You're shattered on the ground, (Shattered on the ground)
But still, I find you there (Yeah)
Next to me
And, oh, stupid things I do (Stupid things I do)
I'm far from good, it's true
But still, I find you
Next to me (Next to me)Whoa, yeah

I've been waiting (I've been waiting)
I've been waiting up 'cause I can't get enough, oh
I feel I'm fading (Yeah)
When I fall apart, your needle sews my heart, oh

Fuck me up and make me just go crazy
Addicted to the pain that you just made me love
I'm fiendin' for your touchin' on the daily
You're the only one that I want

Break my heart but don't tell me I'm not doin' fine
'Cause I'm doin' fine
Let me go, I'm spendin' time
Not doin' fine but I'm doin' fine

Why you actin' vain for my love, vain for my love
When you got everything that I want?
Why you actin' vain for my blood, vain for my blood
When you got everything that I want?
Why you actin'

I been dreamin'
Of your uniform, your uniform of non-conformity
The tears, the tears
Tears aren't strong enough, the years aren't long enough, no

Fuck me up and make me just go crazy
Addicted to the pain that you just made me love
I'm fiendin' for your touchin' on the daily
You're the only one that I want

Break my heart but don't tell me I'm not doin' fine
'Cause I'm doin' fine
Let me go, I'm spendin' time
Not doin' fine but I'm doin' fine

Why you actin' vain for my love, vain for my love
When you got everything that I want?
Why you actin' vain for my blood, vain for my blood
When you got everything that I want?
Why you actin' vain?

It's hard to miss you when you are always on the tip of my tongue
I feel like I'm looking for somethin', somethin' that'll never come

Call me when you're in the city again
My head just went oblivion
It's hard to miss you when you are always on the tip of my tongue
(Always on the tip of my tongue)

And now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong
Now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong
When I've been waitin' (I've been waitin')
Long for you (Long for you)

I wanna drink my wine, I wanna pass that by
I wanna make her cry, she wanna make me die
Apple pie, six cigarettes
And I'll catch the vibe that we can't forget

Why you actin' vain for my love, vain for my love
When you got everything that I want?
Why you actin' vain for my blood, vain for my blood
When you got everything that I want?
Why you actin' vain?

It's hard to miss you when you are always on the tip of my tongue
I feel like I'm looking for somethin', somethin' that'll never come

I'll be waiting (I'll be waiting)
I'll be waiting (For you)
And now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong
And now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong
(I'll be waiting for you)I was taught that education is the only way to make it
Then how'd I get so much money inside my savings?
My teachers never saw the heights that I was fuckin' aimin'
Did the man who invented college go to college? Hm, okay then
Am I the only one that noticed humans on the same shit?
Y'all thoughts are sailin' on the same ship
And if that's the case, then that's the reason that you ain't shit
Let me enlighten you, my niggas, just let your brain drift

First of all, the best type of marketin'
Is marketin' that doesn't feel like marketin'
It makes the people feel like they a part of it
And when it's done right, corporations think it's marvelous
They feed us these ideas and then we place 'em in our hearts to sit
It's why players are good at gettin' chicks
It's why Nike is good at sellin' kicks
It's why Disney is loved by all the kids
Why McDonald's owners are super rich
We're too blinded to ever see 'em pitch
See, when this happens we take our health
Wealth, lives, and just hand them off
Thinkin' that we did this from organic thoughts
I know you seen parents trick kids
With candy, toys and Santa Claus
The same method is used to trap adults
But instead of candy it's with money, religion, drugs and alcohol
Mention that shit and it's gon' arouse us all
I done seen niggas get into fights
Over cigarettes like a pack of dogs
They get you hooked and then they laugh at y'all

I really hate to break it to you
But your life's being played with
You have not witnessed the world
'Cause you're stuck in the Matrix
Everything we have been taught was all a lie
Open your eyes, open your mind, and fly!

Man, can't you see we're robots
Who know not what we do and we got no shot
In the real world until we climb out of this ice-cold box
Your whole life has been part of a whole plot
To keep you at the bottom while they on top
Stay quiet, then they won't stop
They always tryna show us what we don't got
They do it to all of us 'til we finally break and go cop a gold watch
Knowin' we need the cash for rent, my ass is sick
Just thinkin' about how rich and powerful all these bastards get
They package ideas like it's oxygen
They make us feel like if we ain't got it we're fucked and we cannot fit in
This fuckin' system is not your friend
And understand they controllin' your thoughts 'cause they got a lot to win
Niggas get turned away when I mention this
Ignorance is bliss, but I don't give a fuck, I won't censor shit
The Matrix is real and you done entered it
It's way too intricate for you to ever realize it you fuckin' simpleton

I really hate to break it to you
But your life's being played with
You have not witnessed the world
'Cause you're stuck in the Matrix
Everything we have been taught was all a lie
Open your eyes, open your mind, and fly!

Yo, fuck Hollywood! Fuck all these reality shows!
Makin' us feel lame unless we blowin' stacks on new clothes
Makin' us feel like we ain't cool unless we have a few hoes
Makin' us feel like we ugly unless we have a new nose
I see naturally beautiful women get Botox, fake tits
Fake lips, they so brainwashed and it doesn't make sense
Focus on your life and the path you're pursuin'
'Cause y'all too busy worried about what Kim Kardashian's doin'
Check it, most of this shit that you sheep are watchin' on television
Is fake as fuck and is not real, I rebel against it
It's the Devil's business, they just reel y'all in
If they say it we do it, yo I'm tryna tell y'all, man
The system created the stereotype for the Black image
That's why my people are scared to be different
Why don't you get it? I'm done practicin' these ridiculous rituals
It's time I become a real individual and just do me

I really hate to break it to you
But your life's being played with
You have not witnessed the world
'Cause you're stuck in the Matrix
Everything we have been taught was all a lie
Open your eyes, open your mind, and fly!

Use your mind, be yourself
Don't blame nobody else but you
You and the meaning of life
Has no rules, no rules, no rules
Fly away! Fly away! Away, away, away!
Life's too short not to live it
The world is all yours, come get it
Just go and get it, it's beautifulWe are the crowd
We're c-coming out
Got my flash on, it's true
Need that picture of you, it's so magical
We'd be so fantastical
Leather and jeans
Garage glamorous
Not sure what it means
But this photo of us, it don't have a price
Ready for those flashing lights
'Cause you know that, baby, I...

I'm your biggest fan
I'll follow you until you love me
Papa-paparazzi
Baby, there's no other superstar you know that I'll be
Your papa-paparazzi
Promise I'll be kind
But I won't stop until that boy is mine
Baby, you'll be famous
Chase you down until you love me
Papa-paparazzi

I'll be your girl backstage at your show
Velvet ropes and guitars
Yeah, 'cause you're my rockstar in between the sets
Eyeliner and cigarettes
Shadow is burnt
Yellow dance and we turn
My lashes are dry
Purple teardrops, I cry
It don't have a price
Loving you is cherry pie
'Cause you know that, baby, I...

I'm your biggest fan
I'll follow you until you love me
Papa-paparazzi
Baby, there's no other superstar you know that I'll be
Your papa-paparazzi
Promise I'll be kind
But I won't stop until that boy is mine
Baby, you'll be famous
Chase you down until you love me
Papa-paparazzi

Real good
We dance in the studio
Snap snap to that shit on the radio
Don't stop for anyone
We're plastic, but we still have fun!

I'm your biggest fan
I'll follow you until you love me
Papa-paparazzi
Baby, there's no other superstar you know that I'll be
Your papa-paparazzi
Promise I'll be kind
But I won't stop until that boy is mine
Baby, you'll be famous
Chase you down until you love me
Papa-paparazzi
Promise I'll be kind
But I won't stop until that boy is mine
Baby, you'll be famous
Chase you down until you love me
Papa-paparazziWe are runnin' so fast
And we never look back
And whatever I lack
You make up
We make a really good team
And though not everyone sees
We got this crazy chemistry
Between us
Jump starting your car cause this city's a bore
Buying e-cigarettes at the convenience store
Making new clichés on our own little tour
Let's ride

You don't have to say I love you to say I love you
Forget all the shooting stars and all the silver moons
We've been making shades of purple out of red and blue
Sickeningly sweet like honey, don't need money
All I need is you
All I need is you

We try staying up late
But we both are light weights
Yeah we get off our face, too easy
And we take jokes way too far
And sometimes living's too hard
We're like two halves of one heart

You don't have to say I love you to say I love you
Forget all the shooting stars and all the silver moons
We've been making shades of purple out of red and blue
Sickeningly sweet like honey, don't need money
All I need is you
All I need is you

Eat a pill, stay and chill, you don't need to go
I'm about to bring emo back if you leave my home
I'd panic at the disco and you'd rather watch a TV show
Then I'll squeeze your booty real hard like I'm kneading dough
Pizza boy, I'm speeding for ya
We canna get married tonight if you really wanna
Me in a cheap suit like a sleazy lawyer
And if you break this lil' heart, it'd be an honour

You don't have to say I love you to say I love you
Forget all the shooting stars and all the silver moons
We've been making shades of purple out of red and blue
Sickeningly sweet like honey, don't need money
All I need is you
All I need is you(90210, 90210)
Oh

What are you yellin' for?
You’re screaming out your lungs all day and night
I can't control a girl like you
She need a Saturday away from home to drink more champagne
I can't mold a girl like you
In all designer to remind ya
You can't buy her, just her clothes
Can't define her, can't design her
In the 90210

I can't find her, I can't find her
In the 90210
In the 90210

What are you yellin' for?
You're screaming out your lungs all day and night
I can't control a girl like you
She need a Saturday away from home to drink more champagne
I can't mold a girl like you
In all designer to remind ya
You can't buy her, just her clothes
Can't define her, can't design her
In the 90210

I can't find her, I can't find her
In the 90210
In the 90210

Yeah, uh
Reverb on guitar plucks
Cigarettes and Starbucks
And her line of credit's high
High as the line gets her that her credit card cuts
So in love with the scene, uh
So in love with being seen
Probably it's time to intervene
But she doesn't care, so she keep the party goin' in the meantime
Till it's all over, she can't rewind
If she gets her fix well then she’s fine
I should prolly hit her with the peace sign
Says she wants me and I fall for it each time
She's aware she's a bad chick
Studyin' in FIDM cuttin' fabric
I really think her soul's made of plastic
End of the story is inevitably tragic
Uh, yeah

I can't find her, I can't find her
In the 90210
In the 90210

90210, 90210
Yeah, yeah
I need you, come get it
I need you, I need you
Come find it, come find itSpend my time worrying of broken promises
Focused on the smell of all the burnt out cigarettes
My thoughts play on repeat
Only comfort that I keep
'Cause in a moment I will be
Something you will forget

Hopeless, hopelessly romantic
You, you got me stranded
Ooh, I'm blue, blue, blue

Now tell me was I ever something that you could regret
I know I wasn't the one for you
But at least I tried my best
Surrounded by questions like, "Why'd you two part ways?"
But if my memory’s right
You're the one that left

I'll be hopeless hopelessly romantic
You, you got me stranded
Ooh, I'm blue, blue, blue

Used to lift me higher
But I guess our time's expired
I'm giving you the match
Set our love on fire

Hopeless hopelessly romantic
You, you got me stranded
Ooh, I'm blue, blue, blue

Now tell me was I ever something that you could regret
I know I wasn't the one for you
But at least I tried my best
Surrounded by questions like, "Why'd you two part ways?"
But if my memory’s right
You're the one that left

I'll be hopeless hopelessly romantic
You, you got me stranded
Ooh, I'm blue, blue, blue
Ooh yeah, I'm blue, blue, blue, oh
Yeah, I'm blue, blue, blueJ'avais jamais vu de nuit aussi calme, hey
J'la r'garde enchaîner les cigarettes, hey
Ses larmes coulent en silence, on entend toujours les cigales
On se blesserait même avec zéro mot, pourtant aucun mur sur cette terre
Ne pourrait étouffer le cri de nos phéromones, on risque pas de tenir longtemps
Tu m'as même comparé à Lucifer, maint'nant, tu bois et tu veux bien de moi
Nan, mais j'hallucine hein, je sais déjà c'que la distance entraîne
Soit c'est la guerre pendant dix ans sans trêve, soit je la quitte en lui disant

Garde le sourire, plus rien n'est grave
Tant qu'il nous reste une seconde de souv'nir dans le crâne
Nos deux corps pourraient mourir, j'ai déjà fait le deuil
Maint'nant pars loin de moi, une larme cachée dans l'œil

Notre histoire n'aurait jamais pu f‌inir dans le calme et la tendresse
Je te déteste comme cette phrase qui dit : "C'était trop beau pour être vrai"
Je n'avouerai jamais que certaines de mes propres émotions m'ef‌fraient
Je te déteste comme cette phrase qui dit : "C'était trop beau pour être vrai"

Bébé, serre-moi fort que j'oublie qu'c'est le chaos, autour, c'est le chaos
Regarde-nous, le destin a pas honte, les dieux ont pas honte
J'ai tout foiré cette année, c'est toujours en chantier, est-c'qu'on peut rev'nir en janvier ?
Son regard me traverse le corps comme une longue aiguille, on dirait bien qu'on est cuits
Nous deux dans la même voiture, on fonce vers la mort, on s'déteste tellement qu'on refait l'amour
Parce que c'est comme de la drogue, on a d'quoi planer, sur son dos, mon torse fait de l'aquaplaning
Le problème, c'est qu'ça m'rappelle pourquoi je l'aime
Je revois le début, les premières semaines, on pourrait repartir à zéro
Et prendre le premier avion comme dans un f‌ilm de merde mais c'est du délire

Garde le sourire, plus rien n'est grave
Tant qu'il nous reste une seconde de souv'nir dans le crâne
Nos deux corps pourraient mourir, j'ai déjà fait le deuil
Maintenant, pars loin de moi, une larme cachée dans l'œil

Notre histoire n'aurait jamais pu f‌inir dans le calme et la tendresse
Je te déteste comme cette phrase qui dit : "C'était trop beau pour être vrai"
Je n'avouerai jamais que certaines de mes propres émotions m'ef‌fraient
Je te déteste comme cette phrase qui dit : "C'était trop beau pour être vrai"Our first kiss in the livin' room
That's a hella way to end the night
A hella way to end the night
We did drugs in the bedroom (Bedroom)
That's a hella way to end the night
A hella way to end the night
But she caught me fuckin' in the bathroom (Bathroom)
Rubbers all over the bathroom
That's a hella way to end the night
Tonight (Tonight)

I left my girl in the south, but this gold in my mouth (Mouth)
Thought I was in over my head, all my niggas is dead

It's a hell of a night for Heaven's sakes
All you see is mountain and clouds, can't hit the brakes (Brakes)
She hit me twice in the face, there goes the base
She like to lift her nylon skirt to show the lace (Lace)
She say she love me but don't know what love is
I lost love 'cause my daddy said it but ain't ever done shit
Pain is love and love is hell (Uh)
I might need some bail if this shit don't sell (Sell)
Hand on my dick while I'm coastin' up the Fiji
Slow motionin' through emotion, tint in case a nigga see me
They'll come and feed you but that felt a little easy
I brought the squeegee case it get a little greasy (Greasy)
After a moment I fell into the mist
She reminisce a nigga style, God damn a nigga rich (Rich)
Wine and cigarettes under a light
Said she lost that angel done turned into a hell of a night (Night)

I left my girl in the south, but this gold in my mouth (Mouth)
Thought I was in over my head, all my niggas is dead

Oh, it's a hell of a night
It's a hell of a nightZaytoven
Yeah, yeah
All my niggas shooters

Got that sniper rifle on the roof, (Where?) shooter (Pew-pew, pew-pew, pew-pew, baw, baw)
There go a nigga in the bushes over there, shooter (Ayy man, go get that nigga, man, rra)
Shooters (I ain't worried 'bout none)
Shooters (I'm a shoot him myself)
Shooters
All my niggas shooters

All my niggas shooters, retarded (Shoot)
I pull up at the party (What?)
Wit' the loaded carbon (Baw)
'xcuse me, pardon me ('Xcuse me)
But this extendo (Extendo)
Longer than extendo (Extendo)
I'm coming through your front door
Pull up in that lambo
Still got tools, like Rambo (Rra)
Will flip you like a sandal (Flip it)
I'll hold you up for ransom
Choppers in the mansion
Yo' bitch in the kitchen dirty dancing
Dinosaur chopper, eat you like Jurassic (T-Rex)
Pull up game scary man, this shit is tragic
Makin' flex moves call me Randy Savage (Macho)
Shooters on the roof itching with the ratchet (Shoot 'em)
And Quavo might just pull up with that automatic

Got that sniper rifle on the roof, (Where?) shooter (Pew-pew, pew-pew, pew-pew, baw, baw)
There go a nigga in the bushes over there, shooter (Ayy man, go get that nigga, man, rra)
Shooters (What, what?)
Shooters (Ayy, ayy Takeoff, load the clip)
Shooters
All my niggas shooters (Offset, Go, go)

Chopper taller than Shaq (Tall)
Hit him with the mac (Rra)
All these guns, like I live in Baghdad
Remix the plug, yeah, we call it recap (Remix)
Rock-A-Bye Baby, make a nigga take a nap (Sleep)
We don't give a fuck (No), We don't knuckle up (No)
Load the clips up
Shoot a nigga like Kobe in the clutch (Baw)
Then pull off in that Lamborghini truck (Skrt)
I wanna see guts, I wanna see flesh (Yes)
Big ass bullet came straight through the vest (Yes)
Send the hallow like I work at FedEx (What else?)
You niggas is pussy, you should wear a dress (Pussy)
You say you go harder then let's place a bet (No)
I don't give a fuck (No)
I kill and forget (Rra, rra, rra)
We taking head shots like Russian Roulette (Baw, baw, baw)
We burning any nigga just like cigarettes (Rra)

Got that sniper rifle on the roof, (Where?) shooter (Pew-pew, pew-pew, pew-pew, baw, baw)
There go a nigga in the bushes over there, shooter (Ayy man, go get that nigga, man, rra)
Shooters (What, what?)
Shooters (Ayy, load up the godamn AK, load up the Chopper, you know what time it is, Takeoff)
Shooters (Rra, baw, baw)
All my niggas shooters
(Go, go)

I'm a mob boss, call me Charles Luciano (Young nigga, young nigga)
Pull up in the Mazi on some brand new Forgiattos (Skrt, skrt, skrt, skrt, skrt)
Shooters at the top floor with AK  at my condo (Baw, baw, baw, baw)
When I be going to Cuba I be meeting up with Eduardo (Eduardo)
I got young shooters, Old shooters, Boston Celtics
I got all types of lethal weapons, Mel Gibson (Rra)
He a shooter, She a shooter, Nigga we some shooters
But I ain't really got to shoot you nigga they'll shoot you (They'll shoot you)
Snatch you out your dream with the ruger, Freddy Kruger
Shooters cold hearted, show up to your mama funeral (Cold hearted)
I got day time shooters, Night time shooters
Simon says shooters, Don't you move they'll shoot you

Got that sniper rifle on the roof, (Where) shooter (Pew-pew, pew-pew, pew-pew, baw, baw)
There go a nigga in the bushes over there, shooter (Ayy man, go get that nigga, man, rra)
Shooters (What, what?)
Shooters (Go, go)
Shooters (Baw, baw, baw)
All my niggas shooters (Go, go)Opportunity knockin', a nigga was out for coffee
Inadequate like my window, the Grammys is way too lofty
And I could stay here forever, I could die here
I don't have to try here; Can I get my two sugars please?
Jesus made an album, I'm still waiting in the line for cream
She dream in techni-color, live black and white
Opportunity knockin', a nigga just got her nails done
Skeletons in my closet gon' open the door when Yale come
They ain't gonna wanna see my silhouette rap
He's fucking cognac, my smile in all black
Mississippi vagabond; Granny gon' turn up in her grave
And say, "My granny really was a slave for this?
All your uncompleted similes and pages ripped
You know they whipped us niggas; How you afraid to rap it?
You went to heaven after so we could free them now
Ain't no ocean floor when you can be a Yeezus now."

Don't fear the light that dwells deep within
You are powerful beyond what you imagine
Just let your light glow

Seventeen moments and cloudy days on my snap
Mysterious aberration, illuminated the trap
My telefone-calications synonymous with the sunrise
Mountains against the foreground forever me coming back
I ain't gonna cry; the last time Ali marched Chicago
Twenty four and a late mojo teaching me how to drive
Whole world inside my rear view
This feeling, me so alive
This feeling, me so alive, enjoy the joyride
Opportunity knockin', it's finally time to answer
The doorbell was only broken cause auntie was fighting cancer
And cigarettes on my mantle keep callin me by my first name
Loving me when I'm lonely, pretending they really Noname

Don't fear the light that dwells deep within
You are powerful beyond what you imagine
Just let your light glow

And when that call comes (You better say hello)
You better say hello, no hesitation
(You better, yeah) No hiding deep down below
No beg your pardon (You better stay and grow)
You better stay and grow your liberation
(You better, yeah) For your lonely soul
Or you’ll be on your ownAh, yeah
Einár, två lax nitton, yeah
Shu katt, baby, fuck och vara singel
Du vet jag svarar, baby, varje gång det ringer
Ey, ah

Jag kommer hålla i dig som jag håller i min slah, ey (Pa)
Och baby, du är jetski och dom andra dom är bäc, ey (De är bäc)
Jag svär på min mamma, baby, du är bara för säh (Säh)
Om någon testar han får krut, vad är gäh? ey (Brr, brr, brr)
Du är one in a mill, du är one in a mill (Ey)
Och det där sexet som vi hade, kan vi ha en gång till, ey (Vi kan)
Och när vi tuggar, hela tiden stå still
Du är chill men i sängen, baby, du är helt vild (Hey)
Jag och grabbarna i bilen, du kan också snurra i den
Men det kommer att gå snabbt när vi trycker vänster filen (Vroom)
Och de kommer bli ett race om vi möter på polisen (Whoo, whoo)
Men det kommer att gå bra för att vi kan den här skiten (De kan jag)
Baby, jag är het men med dig blir jag hetare (Het)
Det bara du och jag som vet
Varför ska dom ens få veta, bre? (Varför?)
Bunten den är fet men den kommer att bli fetare (Yeah)
Det här det ingen lek men med dig jag vill leka, bre (Brr, pow)

Shu katt, baby, fuck och vara singel
Du vet jag svarar, baby, varje gång det ringer, eyo
Boka första klass sen vi försvinner
Till något land där jag kan sätta på dig ringen, eyo
Shu katt, baby, fuck och vara singel
Du vet jag svarar, baby, varje gång det ringer, eyo
Boka första klass sen vi försvinner (Ey, ey)
Till något land där jag kan sätta på dig ringen, eyo

Vi shoppar vad du vill, ey (Vad du vill)
Det bara säga till mig (Det bara säga)
Vi hämtar in en mill, ey (En miljon)
Och sen vi hämtar in en till, ey
Baby, fuck dom andra, det är dig jag tänker på
Du och jag tillsammans, baby, vi gör sängen våt
Och trakten den är samma, hela trakten blänker blå
Vi är hetare än alla, båda vi har länken på (Brr)
Och vi tuggar på nätterna, röker upp cigaretterna
Baby, du gör mig hög så du kan kasta tabletterna (Kasta)
Och du vet vad jag kan, len, och jag är bättre än han, len
Han har aldrig hållt gunnen, han är tönt i programmen (Na'as)
Jag bankar på ladden och han skickar hit gubbar (Gubbar)
Jag står i programmen när dom åker och klubbar (Klubbar)
Dom spräcker para, baby, jag gillar stacka (Stacka)
Och dom alla vet nada, bara vi som är lärda, ey (Lärda, lärda, lärda, lärda)

Shu katt, baby, fuck och vara singel
Du vet jag svarar, baby, varje gång det ringer, eyo
Boka första klass sen vi försvinner
Till något land där jag kan sätta på dig ringen, eyo
Shu katt, baby, fuck och vara singel
Du vet jag svarar, baby, varje gång det ringer, eyo
Boka första klass sen vi försvinner (Ey, ey)
Till något land där jag kan sätta på dig ringen, eyoCalled to the Devil and the Devil did come
I said to the devil, "Devil do you like drums?
Do you like cigarettes, dominoes, rum?"
He said only "sundown, Sundays, Christmas"
Some day's end when I need a few friends
Now and again I could never hope to keep them
Thought to give friends what I thought that they wanted
Never had they needed a good friend as I've been
Don't get me venting on friends who resent you 'cause all you've ever done is been a noose to hang on to
They thought was a necklace and reckless they fell into hell where you both hang with nothing to do but
Scratch, kick, let gravity win like
Fuck this, let gravity win like
You could leave it all behind, even the Devil need time alone sometimes
You could let it all go, you could let it all go
It's Called: Freefall
It's Called: Freefall
Called to the Devil and the Devil said quit
Can't be bothered better handle your shit
Keep about your wits man, keep about your wits
Know yourself and who you came in with
Can I sit down I've been hustling all day
I can't even count how many souls I've made
Off the same deal you on
Remember: The Devil ain't a friend to no one
But FUN, true
You could let it all go, you could let it all go
It's Called: Freefall
It's Called: Freefall
Called to the Devil and the Devil said "Hey! Why you been calling this late? It's like 2 A.M. and the bars all close at 10 in hell, that's a rule I made"
Anyway, you say you're too busy saving everybody else to save yourself
And you don't want no help, oh well
That's the story to tell
You could let it all go, you could let it all go
It's Called: Freefall
It's Called: Freefall
You could let it all go, you could let it all go
Cause ain't shit free but falling out
And that shit's easy let me show you how, it's like...
Ain't shit free but falling out
And that shit's easy let me show you how, it's like...(Park Hill romance) We got the love but they put out the fire
(Park Hill romance) 'Cause they expect us to walk on the wire
(Park Hill romance) We got the love but they put out the fire
(Park Hill romance) 'Cause they expect us to walk on the wire

A kid lifts up a spray can
And never thought it would be famous, what he did
Turned a mess into a dreamland
With a quirky act of romance
A version of Romeo and Juliet
This time with Adidas sneakers and cigarettes
"A couple of kids trying to cut down the safety net"
They twisted the story so they could bring glory to it

I love ya, will you marry me?
Oh, what a shame we gotta pay for reality
Ain't it sad, sad, sad?

(Park Hill romance) We got the love but they put out the fire
(Park Hill romance) 'Cause they expect us to walk on the wire
(Park Hill romance) We got the love but they put out the fire
(Park Hill romance) 'Cause they expect us to walk on the wire

They didn't write her name on the article
That to me just seems pretty farcical
Now coppers, take coppers
Out of his hands from a ban from alcohol
Fundamental narcissist
Tried to make out he didn't exist
When they wrote on the, what?
When they wrote on the
T-shirts, cool merch, postcards
And lighting it up like a piece of art
They kicked him to the side and left him to starve
On the memory that's re-breaking his broken heart

I love ya, will you marry me?
Oh, what a shame we gotta pay for reality
Ain't it sad, sad, sad?
(Hey!) I love ya, will you marry me?
Oh, what a shame we gotta pay for reality (Hey!)
Ain't it sad, sad, sad?

Every day (Every day), day, day (Every single day)
Day, day, day, day, day, day, day
Every day (Every day), day, day (Every single day)
Day, day, day, day, day, day, day

I love ya, will you marry me?
Oh, what a shame we gotta pay for reality
Ain't it sad, sad, sad?
(Hey!) I love ya, will you marry me?
Oh, what a shame we gotta pay for reality
Ain't it sad, sad, sad?

(Park Hill romance) We got the love but they put out the fire
(Park Hill romance) 'Cause they expect us to walk on the wire
(Park Hill romance) We got the love but they put out the fire
(Park Hill romance) 'Cause they expect us to walk on the wire
(Park Hill romance)We met in a parking lot
I was buying coffee and cigarettes
Firewood and bad wine long since gone
But I'm still drunk and hot
Wide awake and breathing hard
Now, in just one year's time
I've become jealous, rail-thin, prone to paranoia when I'm stoned
If this isn't true love, someone oughta put me in a home
Say, do you wanna get married?
And put an end to our endless progressive tendency to scorn
Provincial concepts like your dowry and your Daddy's farm
For love to find us of all people
I never thought it'd be so simple

Let's buy a plantation house
And let the yard grow wild until we don't need the signs that say, "Keep out"
I've got some money left and it's cheaper in the South
I need someone I can trust
To protect me from our seven daughters when my body says "enough"
Don't let me die in a hospital
I'll save the big one for the last time we make love
Insert here:
A sentiment re: our golden years
All cause I went to the store one day
"I've seen you around, what's your name?"Virginia Woolf and poetry
No one seemed to notice me
Being young was getting so old
Cheap beer and cigarettes
Life was like a movie set
And I seemed to be given no role

But in times of trouble
I can turn to my mother
And I know that she gon' understand
So at age 18
I cried to my mother
And she told me, "young man"

"There are moments when you fall to the ground
But you are stronger than you feel you are now
You don't always have to speak so loud, no
Just be as you are
Life is not always a comfortable ride
Everybody's got scars that they hide
And everybody plays the fool sometimes, yeah
Just be as you are"

They played me on the radio
And everything was changing, so
I thought I was all the way grown
But I can still remember in that cold November
When I realized I'm all alone

But in times of trouble
I can turn to my mother
And I know that she gon' understand
So at age 22
I cried to my mother
And she told me, "young man"

"There are moments when you fall to the ground
But you are stronger than you feel you are now
You don't always have to speak so loud, no
Just be as you are
It doesn't matter if you become some star
Life is better when you open your heart
You don't always have to act so hard, no
Just be as you are (Just be as you are)"
Be as you are (Whoa)
Be as, be as you are (Be as you are)
Be as you are
(Be as you are) Be as, be as you are

If I'm speaking truthfully
I'm not who I used to be
And I know some people might laugh
'Cause my music doesn't sound the same
And my head's no longer shaved
I'm worried if I'm on the right path

But in times of trouble
I can turn to my mother
And I know that she gon' understand
So at age 26
I spoke to my mother
And she told me, "young man"

"There are moments when you fall to the ground
But you are stronger than you feel you are now
You don't always have to speak so loud, no
Just be as you are
It doesn't matter if you become some star
Life is better when you open your heart
You don't always have to act so hard, no
Just be as you are (Be as you are)"
Be as you are (Be as you are)
Be as, be as you are (Be as you are)
Be as you are (Be as you are)
Be as, be as you are
Be as you areYou make me feel like a teenager in love
You make me feel like a teenager in love

You call me queen
You're in ripped jeans
And you just pulled up to a love song
Hearts in my eyes
Strawberry skies
Beat up Corvettes smelling of cigarettes
But time keeps on slippin'

You make me feel like a teenager in love
And you make me feel like I'll be forever young
And I don't want no, nobody else
I don't want no, nobody else
You make me feel like a teenager in love
So don't let me down
(You make me feel like a teenager in love)
Don't, don't let me down
(You make me feel like a teenager in love)

Talk of the town
Bought me a gown
Told me you'd swoop me past midnight
I had a dream
You weren't so mean
But I like you better when you get angry
But time keeps on slippin'

You make me feel like a teenager in love
And you make me feel like I'll be forever young
And I don't want no, nobody else
I don't want no, nobody else
You make me feel like a teenager in love
So don't let me down

Don't let me down
Don't let me down
Yeah, don't let me down
Don't let me down
Don't let me down
When you come around
You come around
You come around
I'm always singin'
Time keeps on slippin', oh

You make me feel like a teenager in love
And you make me feel like I'll be forever young
You make me feel like a teenager in love
And you make me feel like I'll be forever young
And I don't want no, nobody else
I don't want no, nobody else
You make me feel like a teenager in love
So don't let me down
(You make me feel like a teenager in love)
Don't, don't let me down
(You make me feel like a teenager in love)
So don't let me downInterview, interlude in the nude with my boo thang
Got the flu with the tea remedy for my boo thang
My baby needs some milk and honey
My baby needs some milk and honey
I swear he love me, my tummy almost got ready
For biddi-baby spaghetti and teddy bear in my window now
Golden child, always smile
Before you leave, don't look down
God will help you spread your wings

My baby needs some milk and honey
My baby needs some milk and honey

Ask me why she said goodbye, why baby dyin' white walls
Cigarettes over skyfall, writing this like it's my song
Ask me why she hesitated, almost waited, waiting room
Play date up in heaven soon, soon I will see the King
He reminds me, some give presents before they're even ready
I could see that she loves me, I know her heart is heavy

Telefone-ication nation, baby help me testify
Oooh you know I hate goodbye
Bye bye blue, somebody let the yellow in
Bye bye blue, I'm gonna fall in love again
On a lonely road where happiness needs us
You my baby, you my baby
I'm your baby, I'm your baby
You my baby, you my baby
I'm your baby, I'm your baby
On a lonely road where happiness needs us
I'm gonna fall in love again
On a lonely road where happiness needs us
Telefone-ication nation, baby help me testify
Oooh you know I hate goodbyes
Bye bye blue, somebody let the yellow in
Bye bye blue, I'm gonna fall in love again
On a lonely road where happiness needs us
You my baby, you my baby
I'm your baby, I'm your baby
You my baby, you my baby
I'm your baby, I'm your baby
On a lonely road where happiness needs us
I'm gonna fall in love again
On a lonely road where happiness needs usLet me tell a story 'bout a boy named Brian
This is not a fairy tale, no, that's not what I'm implyin'
This is really not the type rhyme, writing 'bout flexin'
Got some bitches on the phone but I'm really not replyin' type shit
With the clique, and we going out to get ourselves a drink
To the fast lane, Mike made the pedal fuckin' sink
Bumpin' Lil Wayne, feelin' like we ain't got time to think
Cigarettes, feelin' like we be the kings, got to the party 'bout 11:28
Went up to the bartender askin' for some Bombay
No mixer, straight up, so you know I'm gettin' wasted
Then I realized I ain't even bring my paper
Mike nowhere to be seen, losin' like I'm Charlie Sheen
Lookin' left and right, panickin' 'cause now my glass is clean
Talkin' to the bartender, "Sorry sir, I'm just a teen"
That's when I finally met the girl of my fuckin' dreams

Ain't no game that I play when it comes to
Gettin' that kitty out the cage for my night, go
Drive to store just to buy a fuckin' mattress
If that can mean she gon' end up on my nitrous

Back to the story and now I'm talkin' to this girl
I'ma call her Tracy and she lookin' like dessert
She noticin' that I'm stressin' and she asked me, "What for?"
And I told her everything, and she gave me three fours
She said, "Where you wanna go?" and I told her, "I don't know"
"Do you got a girlfriend? That don't really matter, though"
I'm like, "Oh shit," thinkin' 'bout where this gonna go
So I proceed, man's never did this shit before, aye
Back to her place now, tryna get my thing up
2 AM, whiskey dick, 80% discount
So I had to go down, cruisin' down to poon town
Making sure I put that bitch's frown on upside-down
Gettin' pretty wet, sweat runnin' down her neck
And the kitty so cute, I wanna keep it as a pet
She so clean, man, that pussy smell like honeydew zest
Finally gettin' hard, so you know what's finna happen next

Ain't no game that I play when it comes to
Gettin' that kitty out the cage for my night, go
Drive to store just to buy a fuckin' mattress
If that can mean she gon' end up on my nitrous

Strugglin' to put the Jimmy on, turnin' red, I feel like a chameleon
Then she gettin' on top and your boy just start to feel hysteria
"Bump and Grind" playin' in the stereo when I told her, "It's my first time"
And she told me, "Baby, it's fine, I don't mind"
Then she held my hand and it was intertwined
My god, it was nothin' like what I had in my mind
Now it's time to put it in, baby, now it's primetime
This is where the fun begun
Heard her moan and I'm feeling like I'm 'bout to fuckin' cum
Heard a knock, now your boy's got to go and fuckin' run
Then I made a jump, heard the loudest scream ever
It was from her fuckin' mom, aye
Called Mike on the team, said I need to leave the scene
He done picked me up, told him 'bout the girl that did the deed
Even said her name, then he asked if he could take a peek
Jumped out his fuckin' seat, turns out I fucked his sisSo long ago, I don't remember when
That's when they say I lost my only friend
But since she died easy of a broken heart disease
As I listened through the cemetery trees
I seen the sun coming up at the funeral at dawn
The long broken arm of human law
Now it always seemed such a waste, she always had a pretty face
So I wondered how she hung around this place

Hey

Come on, try a little
Nothing is forever
There's got to be something better than
In the middle
But me and Cinderella
We'll put it all together
We can drive it home
With one headlight

She said, "It's cold, it feels like Independence Day
And I can't break away from this parade"
But there's got to be an opening somewhere, here in front of me
Through this maze of ugliness and greed
And I seen the sun up ahead at the county line bridge
Saying all there's good and nothingness is dead
We'll run until she's out of breath, she ran until there's nothing left
She hit the end, it's just her window ledge

Hey

Come on, try a little
Nothing is forever
There's got to be something better than
In the middle
But me and Cinderella
We put it all together
We can drive it home
With one headlight

Well, this place is old, it feels just like a beat up truck
I turn the engine, but the engine doesn't turn
What smells of cheap wine, cigarettes
This place is always such a mess
Sometimes I think I'd like to watch it burn
I'm so alone, and I feel just like somebody else
Man, I ain't changed, but I know I ain't the same
But somewhere here in between the city walls of dying dreams
I think her death, it must be killing me

Hey, hey, hey

Come on, try a little
Nothing is forever
There's got to be something better than
In the middle
But me and Cinderella
We put it all together
We can drive it home
With one headlightRolling down these desert hills
Rolling up these dollar bills
All the drinks that we've been drinking strong as fuck, girl
I'm not gon' lie, I just wanna fuck, girl
And the waitress is taking too long
Let's hit your spot, mine's too far
Pop another stick, I'm getting bolder
Moncler on, the city's getting colder
You don't need no makeup girl, you're natural
Her friend pissing me off, she just asked for blow
Bitch I gave you some, why you back for more?
She a fiend, nineteen, with a past to show
Tryna take you to the W after show
And play you all my new shit, we could really do shit
Got the Uber on the way, she don't even have to know
Got a French dimepiece, yeah we international

If you want it in L.A, I can do you there
If you want it in the Bay, I can do you there
Everywhere that you be, girl
Everywhere that you stay
Role play, reality, we stay acting up
If you want it in NY, I can do you there
If you want it in the Chi, I can do you there
Everywhere that you be, girl
Everywhere that you stay
Role play, reality, we stay acting up

You holdin' down that sex appeal
This foreplay's to show you how I feel
Giuseppe's on your feet, no you're not playin'
Don't need to run around, girl I'm not chasin'
Girl if you're lonely, I'll be there by your side
Can't stay long, different city every night
But you show me something good after a long day
Got Rosé, we got Dom P, no Andre
Drinking all this Absinthe, it's like I'm here but my body's absent
You're the type to have your cake and eat it
You said he had a record, let me beat it
Your man's a flop, you need you a replacement
I'm that type to just get back to basics
Look at what I'll give you, won't you take it?
In a penthouse, they in the basement

If you want it in L.A, I can do you there
If you want it in the Bay, I can do you there
Everywhere that you be, girl
Everywhere that you stay
Role play, reality, we stay acting up
If you want it in NY, I can do you there
If you want it in the Chi, I can do you there
Everywhere that you be, girl
Everywhere that you stay
Role play, reality, we stay acting up

We throw cigarettes off my terrace for entertainment
She know why she came, yo, there's no explaining
Always text her hours later with no explanation
Baby, I'm a busy man, I was prolly faded
I got this girl in Florida
I smash her friend whenever I get bored of her
And I got this girl out in the Bay
I don't know how many bars she takes
And shout out my girl Eileen
Hooked on drugs in Seattle, I wish I was smashing
And word to Laura, from Atlanta
I know you told your friends, but I still forgive ya
I'm tryna fuck a million girls, tryna fucking change the world
You a lady in the streets, red lipstick and pearls
Don't kiss me in public, bitch I barely know you
But get you in the room, I'mma fuck you like I love you

If you want it in L.A, I can do you there
If you want it in the Bay, I can do you there
Everywhere that you be, girl
Everywhere that you stay
Role play, reality, we stay acting up
If you want it in NY, I can do you there
If you want it in the Chi, I can do you there
Everywhere that you be, girl
Everywhere that you stay
Role play, reality, we stay acting upChildren, Broadripple is burning
And the girls are getting sick
Off huffing glue up in the bathroom
While their boyfriends pick up chicks
And darling, I'm lost
I heard you whispering that night in Fountain Square
The trash-filled streets made me wish
We were headed home

And there was love inside the basement
Where that woman used to lie
In a sleeping bag we shared
Upon the floor most every night
And darling, I'm drunk
And everything that I have loved has turned to stone
So pack your bags
And come back home

And I'm wasted, you can taste it
Don't look at me that way
'Cause I'll be hanging from a rope
I will haunt you like a ghost

And if my woman was a fire
She'd burn out before I wake
And be replaced by pints of whiskey
Cigarettes and outer space
Then somebody moves
And everything you thought you had has gone to shit
But we've got a lot
Don't ever forget that

And I wrote this on an airplane
Where the people looked like eggs
And when a woman that you loved is gone
She's bombing east Japan
Don't fucking move
'Cause everything you think you have will go to shit
But we've got a lot
Don't you dare forget that

And I'm wasted, you can taste it
Don't look at me that way
'Cause I'll be hanging from a rope
I will haunt you like a ghost

And I'm wasted, you can taste it
Don't look at me that way
'Cause I'll be hanging from a rope
I will haunt you like a ghostRunnin round in this new truck
Bank lets me borrow from month to month
I'm runnin out of credit, find a little Cash on the radio
Standin still they're blowin past, numbers on cars goin NASCAR fast
What I wouldn't give for a slow down, don't ya know?
'Cause where I come from, only the horses run
When the day is done, we take it easy

Meanwhile back at Mama's
The porch light's on, come on in if you wanna
Supper's on the stove and beer's in the fridge
Red sun sinkin' out low on the ridge
Game's on the tube and Daddy smokes cigarettes
Whiskey keeps his whistle wet
Funny the things you thought you'd never miss
In a world gone crazy as this

Well I found a girl and we don't fit in here
Talk about how hard it is to breathe here
Even with the windows down can't catch a southern breeze here
One of these days gonna pack it up and leave here
Cause

Meanwhile back at Mama's
The porch light's on, come on in if you wanna
Supper's on the stove and beer's in the fridge
Red sun sinkin' out low on the ridge
Game's on the tube and Daddy smokes cigarettes
Whiskey keeps his whistle wet
Funny the things you thought you'd never miss
In a world gone crazy as this

Oh I miss yeah a little dirt on the road, I miss corn growin in a row
I miss being somebody everybody knows, there everybody knows everybody
I miss those small town routes, walkin around in muddy boots
The sound of rain on an old tin roof
It's time we head on back

Cause meanwhile back at Mama's
The for sale sign's goin up and I'm gonna
Dump this truck and the little I got
On a loan to own and a three-acre lot
Put supper on the stove and beer in the fridge
Goin' for broke and we're gonna be rich
Watch the sun settin on the ridge
Baby tell me what you think about this

Me and you back at Mama's
Yeah me and you back at Mama'sShe says, "You always smell like cigarettes
And there's always whiskey on your breath
But you're the best that I can do
And I, I think I love you."

Now if you want me to slow down
Just tell me to slow down
Now if you want me to slow down
Just tell me to slow down
Because I want to be loved
Because I want to be loved

She says, "You don't love me you just love sex
But I can't wait around for something better than this
Because you're the best that I can do
And I, I wish I could leave you."

Now if you want me to slow down
Just tell me to slow down
Because I want to be loved
Because I want to be loved
Because I want to be loved
Because I want to be lovedYou on that faded love, love
Luh-uh-luh-luh-love
Love
You on that faded love, love
Luh-uh-luh-luh-love
Love
You on that faded love

No, don't give me your name
No, I don't need your number saved in my phone
Just follow me, follow me, follow me
Follow me home
Wanna take off my rings in my California King
Let me get you alone
Just follow me, follow me, follow me
Follow me home

Let's just feel this feelin'
Let's just feel this feelin'
High up as the ceilin'
Let's just, let's just feel this feelin'
Let's just feel this moment
We can make it last
Let's just feel this feelin'
Right now, right now

You on that faded love, love
Luh-uh-luh-luh-love
You on that faded love, love
You on that faded love, love
Luh-uh-luh-luh-love
Love
You on that faded love, love
Luh-uh-luh-luh-love
Love
You on that faded love, love
Luh-uh-luh-luh-love
You on that faded love

I can feel every breath on the edge of my neck
Cigarettes and cologne
Just follow me, follow me, follow me
Follow me home
No, I don't know the time and I don't know what's next
But I know that it's on
Just follow me, follow me, follow me
Follow me home

Let's just feel this feelin'
Let's just feel this feelin'
Try our best to seal it
Let's just, let's just feel this feelin'
Let's just feel this moment
We can make it last
Let's just feel this feelin'
Right now, right now

You on that faded love, love
Luh-uh-luh-luh-love
You on that faded love, love
Luh-uh-luh-luh-love
Love
You on that faded
You on that faded love, love
Luh-uh-luh-luh-love
Love
You on that faded
You on that faded love, love
Luh-uh-luh-luh-love
You on that faded love

Before I give my white cup up
Before I give my white girl up
Before I give my half-Dominican girl up, I need real love
I'm on my fourth stripper of the day
I keep a full thoroughbred Jamaican
I'ma find your G-spot like you dropped your location
Man I'ma give all this shit up one day
Get some love from a video vixen on the runway
You can't hold it against a king, baby
You shoulda made me better, what I need
You shoulda upgraded me already
You shoulda made love to me already
I done spent a million on you already
I done bought diamonds for you already
If you love, you can teach me, wanna learn
Take you farther than Jerusalem when it's my turn
We so spiritually connected
We goin' in the right direction

You on that faded love, love
Luh-uh-luh-luh-love
You on that faded love, love
Luh-uh-luh-luh-love
Love
You on that faded love
You on that faded love, love
Luh-uh-luh-luh-love
Love
You on that faded
You on that faded love, love
Luh-uh-luh-luh-love
You on that faded loveI know
Caught up in the middle
I cry, just a little
When I think of letting go
Oh no
Gave up on the riddle
I cry, just a little
When I think of letting go

I know you wanna get behind the wheel, but only one Rida
Eyes shut, still got me swimming like a diver
Can't let go, I got fans in Okinawa
My heart to Japan, quake losers and surviors
Norway, no, you didn't get my flowers
No way to say it better, but the killer was a Coward
Face just showered, the minute in a hour
Heard about the news, whole day went sour
Lil mama got me feeling like a lemon-head
Put you in the box just as poisonous as cigarettes
Give 'em my regards or regardless I get arrested
Ain't worried about the killers, just the young and restless
Getting mad cause the quarter million on my necklace
DUI never said I was driving reckless
You and I know that jealously is not impressive
Oh no, I can't stop, I was destined

I know
Caught up in the middle
I cry, just a little
When I think of letting go
Oh no
Gave up on the riddle
I cry, just a little
When I think of letting go
I know
Caught up in the middle
I cry, just a little
When I think of letting go
Oh no
Gave up on the riddle
I cry, just a little
When I think of letting go

Champagne buckets still got two tears in it
And I put that on my tattoo of Jimi Hendrix
Get the pressed leather outfit all in it
'Cause the press tell it all get a meal ticket
Clean next, get a call, just a lil visit
Sacrifice just to make a hit still vivid
Reality stressed when you're blessed, just kill critics
Buggatti never meant I'm rich, just God-fearing
Look at me steering, got the bossing staring
Got a good feeling, Mr. Mike Caren
Tell his Billie Jeans, I'm on another planet
Thank E-Class, Big Chuck or Lee Prince Perries
Buy my momma chandeliers on my tears, dammit
Thirty years you had thought these emotions vanish
Tryna live, tryna figure how your sister vanish
No cheers, I know you wouldn't panic

I know
Caught up in the middle
I cry, just a little
When I think of letting go
Oh no
Gave up on the riddle
I cry, just a little
When I think of letting go
I know
Caught up in the middle
I cry, just a little
When I think of letting go
Oh no
Gave up on the riddle
I cry, just a little
When I think of letting go

When I need a healing, I just look up to the ceiling
I see the sun coming down, I know it's all better now
When I need a healing, I just look up to the ceiling
I see the sun coming down, I know it's all better now
When I need a healing, I just look up to the ceiling
I see the sun coming down I know it's all better now
When I need a healing, I just look up to the ceiling
I see the sun coming down, I know it's all better now

I know
I know
I know
I know
I, I, I, I
I think of letting go, go, go

I know
Caught up in the middle
I cry, just a little
When I think of letting go
Oh no
Gave up on the riddle
I cry, just a little
When I think of letting go
I know
Caught up in the middle
I cry, just a little
When I think of letting go
Oh no
Gave up on the riddle
I cry, just a little
When I think of letting goMy love, my love don't come easy, babe
I'm nothing easy to please, and I don't fall easily
Summer came and went, and I seen you in your b-i-k-i-n-i
Sitting pool side with your cigarettes
They ain't never seem sexy at all, oh, oh
I can read you from head to toe, head to pedicure
You're just a distraction babe
Looking for a reaction babe
March was good and the sex was great
But I need someone more official babe
You're just a distraction babe
And you know, know, know
Yes you know
That's why, that's why

My love, my love don't come easy babe
My love, my love don't come easy babe
Don't come easy

What's up with you after many-a-moons girl?
Why do you act like I'm sexist or something, just for calling you sexy
Even though we're not together, I still find you sexy
It's like a wolf hollering at the moon every time that I see ya
Girl you're bad and you break hearts for a living
You don't smile and you say you're in love, but that's why I don't love

My love, my love don't come easy babe
My love, my love don't come easy babe
(It don't come easy)

(What's up with you after many-a-moons girl?
Why do you act like I'm sexist or something, just for calling you sexy
Even though we're not together, I still find you sexy)...I feel her filth in my bones
Wash off my hands til it's gone
The walls they're closing in
With velvet curtains

Some love was made for the lights
Some kiss your cheek and goodnight
Lift up a red high heel
Lock up your doors with steel

They're makin' noise in my street
My blinds are drawn I can't see
Smashed in my car window
Didn't touch the stereo

Slow it down, Angie come back to bed
Rest your arms, and rest your legs

Act like you've been here before
Smile less and dress up some more
Tie up your scarf real tight
These boys are out for blood tonight

Slow it down, Angie come back to bed
Rest your arms, and rest your legs

And when she stood she stood tall
She'll make a fool of you all
Don't ask for cigarettes
She ain't got nothing left for you

I never, she never, we never looked back
That wasn't what we were good at
And when it came to love
We were not good enough on

Slow it down, Angie come back to bed
Rest your arms, and rest your legs
Don't you frown when you're feelin like that
Only love can dig you out of thisBe my woman tonight
Just ain't feelin' right
Be my woman tonight
Just ain't feelin' right

Hey lady, I don't mean to be so forward
But I got no other choice, soon I'll be across the border
Tourmode, I'm leavin' in the AM
But I wanna spend this evening breathing in ya fragrance
Too long since I've seen my better half
Sometimes you gotta let go, close your eyes and let it crash
Road to life is the only one I have to give
Lonely isn't a strong enough adjective
To describe all those nights that I've tried to grip tight
I lack the necessary tools to help me get right
So take your place as the temporary savior
While I'm looking at your face like I'll be tested on it later
I bet you like to fuck, but you love to argue
Poke a hole into my chest and pull my heart through
Up to my room for cigarettes and cartoons
Or we could sit right here and try to guard these barstools
I'll take you anyway that I can have you
Bring along your ethics and your issues and your taboos
It's not the standard "Free Bird' situation
But you're talking to these pieces of a man whose trying to make it
Through the puzzles, travels, struggles, battles
The body pillow pimp trying to snuggle with my shadow
We could stay proper keep the clothes on, no pressure
Just hold me and pretend like you've known me forever
Won't ya..

Be my woman tonight
Just ain't feelin' right
Be my woman tonight
Just ain't feelin' right

Damn, why'd she have to leave right after the show
All that eye contact made from the front row
Them vibes I was getting man I thought it was a go
Could used that type of company, you just don't know
I been on the road for like six months straight
Only two days off between all of them dates
The hardest working man in the underground game
Most times I'm too tired to hang around and spit game
Most nights are the same, shows is just like work
Leave the stage, stand around, selling merchs and shirts
Then I peeked her pink skirt out the corner of my eye
By the exit posted up like a tack, looking fly
I tried to play it cool, but I coudn't pretend
So I approached hella anxious with a silly ass grin
She said she dropped off her friends, so we could be alone
Gave her undivided attention, turned off her phone
Took me out for pancakes, paid for the dinner
Then took me to my room, let me watch sports center
And then we made out, and then we made love
And then I passed out while I got a backrub
But in the middle of the night I reached for a second helpin'
Got a hand full of sheets, I was all by myself an'
Before you could say: 'Goddamn that sucks'
JayBird called: "cats, van, bags” … FUCK!

Be my woman tonight
Just ain't feelin' right
Be my woman tonight
Just ain't feelin' rightJust one fight and just one anniversary
So I never thought you'd be the one to up and leave
You said our love was written in the stars
But I never paid attention to my charts
But now I see how quick you must want to forget
'Cause you left the ring I bought you with your cigarettes
Well, I can finish up if you don't want them
And I can take the ring back where I got it from

I can love it or I can leave it
You said, "Honey, I best be leaving
'Cause you're a novice, and I'm a Taurus"
And I'm not gonna say, I'm not gonna do
I can love it or I can leave it
You said, "Honey, I best be leaving"
'Cause you're a Taurus and I'm Aquarius
And I'm not gonna say, I'm not gonna do

Never thought about it sentimentally
Never saw just how much you thought I meant to me
Never learned about it at university
Never thought about it 'cause you're the first, you see
And I'm aware of the procedure
But normally it's me that leaves her
I guess I'm finished up, it's time to move on
I'm taking the ring back to where I got it from

I can love it or I can leave it
You said, "Honey, I best be leaving
'Cause you're a novice and I'm a Taurus
And I'm not gonna say, I'm not gonna do"
I can love it or I can leave it
You said, "Honey, I best be leaving
'Cause you're a novice and I'm a Taurus
And we've had problems, we're notorious for them"
It's what your friends said now, you're inside there now
I've seen our stars and there's nothing aligning
That's 'cause I'm Aquarius, yeah, I'm Aquarius

I'm Aquarius, I'm Aquarius
I'm Aquarius, I'm Aquarius
I'm Aquarius, I'm Aquarius
I'm Aquarius, I'm Aquarius
I'm Aquarius, I'm Aquarius
I'm Aquarius, I'm Aquarius
I'm Aquarius, I'm Aquarius
I'm Aquarius, I'm AquariusOh, I'm different now
Pill poppin' got me feelin' visceral
Melancholy girl, tell me where you're from
Why the fuck should I smile? I'm barely on

(Ooh get me high)
Do this till you're fucking numb
(Like damn betchu riding)
Do this till you're fucking gone
(Ooh then I'm riding)
Do this till you're fucking numb
(Like damn let me ride out)
Do this till you're fucking gone
(Ooh get me high)
Do this till you're fucking numb
(Like damn betchu riding)
Do this till you're fucking gone
(Ooh then I'm riding)
Do this till you're fucking numb
(Like damn let me ride out)
Do this till you're fucking gone

(Ooh get me high)
Do this 'till you're fucking on with me
Leave it behind, it's all gone
If you really wanna let it go
Let it
You wanna feel something and that's fine
You gon' let him swallow up your pride?
You can come with me and just ride
We can do this till the night end
Cigarettes and pills burn your eyes
You can take off your disguises
He ain't worth the tears that you cry
All you wanna do is get high
That's okay, lets get high

(Ooh get me high)
Do this till you're fucking numb
(Like damn betchu riding)
Do this till you're fucking gone
(Ooh then I'm riding)
Do this till you're fucking numb
(Like damn let me ride out)
Do this till you're fucking gone
(Ooh get me high)
Do this till you're fucking numb
(Like damn betchu riding)
Do this till you're fucking gone
(Ooh then I'm riding)
Do this till you're fucking numb
(Like damn let me ride out)
Do this till you're fucking gone

Ooh get me high
Like damn betchu riding
Ooh then I'm riding
Like damn let me ride out


Same kick with a new bass
Same bitch with a new face
Same dish with a new plate
Cookie cutter that's the new way
New friends think they knew me
Old friends act a new way
I've been getting it the hard way
They gon' find out the hard way
When she call me baby hit her with the Plan B, and that's plan a
Car straight from Japan, hands-free but ignore when she call me
I can't depend on nobody and everything that I've been doing, it's all me
Who the fuck gonna stall me
Who the fuck gonna stop me

I've been numb, I've been numb, I've been
I've been on, I've been on, I've beenDoor is locked, my gums are bleeding
Outside she reads, outside she is reading
The evacuation procedure
Out loud
Clothes are off, my health receding
Somewhere she dreams, somewhere she is dreaming
Of Caribbean Nica Libres
At dusk

While the faithful dispose of a generation
And all of the mountains whisper knowingly
I order a colada and sit to count my dollars
And watch eagles soar in circles
Perpetually

Door is locked, my gums are bleeding
Outside she reads, outside she is reading
The evacuation procedure
Out loud
Clothes are off, my health receding
Somewhere she dreams, somewhere she of is dreaming
The Caribbean Nica Libres
At dusk

While the faithful dispose of a generation
And all of the mountains rumble knowingly
I order a colada and sit to count my dollars
And watch eagles soar in circles
Perpetually

Forever, forever
Such a beautiful thing

Now I am older, I don't look over my shoulder
I know what is there in front of me
Ten Marlboro cigarettes I've rolled the butts into the bottle tops
Today I will stare at the sea
Till my eyes have had enough

Enough, enough
Is that enough?Got a head full of spiders
And a heart that isn't here
In a room full of liars
All my demons reappear

Broken cigarettes and bullet holes
One more to the chest and I'm alone
Nothing gets me any higher
And nothing ever will

Tried to stay sober, tried to stay clean
Wake me when it's over, like a bad dream
Mama doesn't call, sister never writes
Bet ya they would laugh if I called to say goodbye
No ones gonna worry, notice when I'm gone
They wouldn't know I'm missing
Til' they pull me out The Mystic

I bet nobody can remember
What color eyes are on my face
I'm a freak I'm a pretender
I never really had a place

Broken cigarettes and bullet holes
One more to the chest and I'm alone
Nothing gets me any higher
And nothing ever will

Tried to stay sober, tried to stay clean
Wake me when it's over, like a bad dream
Mama doesn't call, sister never writes
Bet ya they would laugh if I called to say goodbye
No ones gonna worry, notice when I'm gone
They wouldn't know I'm missing
Til' they pull me out The Mystic

Tell the preacher not to pray
There's no angels where I go
Only pieces that I broke and
Scattered dreams across the globe
I'm home

Tried to stay sober, tried to stay clean
Wake me when it's over, like a bad dream
Mama doesn't call, sister never writes
Bet ya they would laugh if I called to say goodbye
No ones gonna worry, notice when I'm gone
They wouldn't know I'm missing
Til' they pull me out The MysticTo all my killers and my hundred dollar billers
To emo kids that got too many feelings
He held the register open while he counted her change
I was next in line which meant I was invisible
From where I stood I could see that the till was full
He didn't look the type to play superhero
So I stepped forth and paid for my cigarettes
Crept out the store's front door to chase a little breath
Bangles in my head, shake the song off
Another manic Monday night, its gonna be a long walk
A car pulled up, a fixed up Cutlass
A woman and a child climbed out and left it running
They went inside of the deli, placed an order
With the extra dollar fifty bottled water cause the daughter's picky
When they came out mommy gave me a glance
That said man can love an angel but he's got to take the chance
Already knew the deal, I lit one up and walked
So they got back in they Oldsmobile, belted up, and took off
Thug love on the corner by the Walgreens
Looking at me like I'm just another square Saltine
As I get closer I notice they showing each other sketches
Out of their notebooks, reminded me of my old roots
I walk past with a nod and a reminisce
Swear to god hip hop and comic books was my genesis
Respect the life and the fashions of the children
It's the only culture I've got, exactly what we've been building
All of a sudden I'm in front of some man
No, he's a young'un, but he's got a gun in his hand
He looks fifteen, he looks frantic, no, he looks afraid
Immediately apprehensive 'til I heard him say
"Do you want this? It's not mine, I promise
I found it on my block in between a couple garages
Didn't want to leave it for a child to stumble over
I don't even know how to hold it"
It was a thirty eight, the poor man's machete
Held it in my hand, thinking damn man it's heavier than expected
Wedged it behind my belt buckle
Knowing that it's evil, even thought that I could smell trouble
The extra strength felt weak
But over there on the corner saw what I needed
And proceeded to cross the street
Put the heat in the mail box to lose it
Figured that the post office knows what's best to do with it
Mosey down the road, thinking about the old
I used to roam this zone through two feet of snow
Right here, this used to be a record shop
I've gotten love, I've gotten drunk, I've gotten beat up in that parking lot
I've had my Lake Street pride for 3 decades
These alleyways, and these streetlights have seen my best days
Before I was a germ learning how to misbehave
All the way to the grave, south side is my resting place
Took a right on Lyndale I'm getting near
But then the road became empty and the people disappeared
The clouds ran away, opened up the sky
And one by one I watched every constellation die
And there I was frozen, standing in my backyard
Face to face, eye to eye, staring at the last star
I should've known, walked all the way home
To find that she wasn't here, I was still all alone
No matter where I am, no matter what I do
I'm always coming back home to you
They can leave me for dead they can take away my true
I'm always coming back home to you
Through the lies and the sins that ride the wind that blew
I'm always coming back home to you
As sure as the life in the garden that you grew
I'm always coming back home to you
No matter where I am, no matter what I do
I'm always coming back home to you
If only I had known what you already knew
I'm always coming back home to you
From the heaven I've had to the hell I been through
I'm always coming back home to you
I'm always coming back home to youI'm sitting by the door and ready to explore
The feelings I have when you passed that store
Watch you look older
Sitting down with cigarettes of ours
Why'd you given all your money?
For such a precious story
My life is treated usual good then goodbye
To our memories
Sitting down with cigarettes of ours

Take it easy for a little while
You know he did everything good so far
Our fragmented love and cry
We suddenly turn into dust and die
I said it oooh...

If you're my only friend
Can you stay up on my pain?
The memories and the smell of she remains in my memories
Sitting down with cigarettes of ours...

Take it easy for a little while
You know he did everything good so far
Our fragmented love and cry
We suddenly turn into dust and die
I said it oooh...
Don't make it rains it's might for a little while
I said it oooh...


Take it easy for a little while
You know he did everything good so far
Our fragmented love and cry
We suddenly turn into dust and die
I said it oooh...
Don't make it rains it's might for a little while
I said it oooh...Blue sky lights up the night, it's the morning
I can't get through to you
I wish that this floor would come to life and tell the story
'Cause no one knows where I missed my move

How am I supposed to move on if
You don't even know what's really wrong? But

Let me know if there's something I can do to fix it
Let me know if you ever change, if you ever change your mind
I can't promise you that I'll be waiting
But for you, I'll leave anything behind

Back and forth, cigarettes and fast talking
I feel you slip away
I can't understand the reasons why you say you're leaving
'Cause you were so in love with me yesterday

How am I supposed to move on if
You don't even know what's really wrong? But

Let me know if there's something I can do to fix it
Let me know if you ever change, if you ever change your mind
I can't promise you that I'll be waiting
But for you, I'll leave anything behind
Let me know if there's something I can do to fix it
Let me know if you ever change, if you ever change your mind
I can't promise you that I'll be waiting
But for you, I'll leave anything behind


Let me know if there's something I can do to fix it
Let me know if you ever change, if you ever change your mind
I can't promise you that I'll be waiting
But for you, I'll leave anything behind
Let me know if there's something I can do to fix it
(I still love you, let me know)
Let me know if you ever change, if you ever change your mind
(I still love you, let me know)
I can't promise you that I'll be waiting
(I still love you, let me know)
But for you, I'll leave anything behind
(I still love you, let me know)

I still love, I still love, I still love
I still love, I still love you, mhm
I still love, I still love you, mhm
I still love you, I still love you
I still love you, I still love youTous les jours j'te tchat sur Snap
Un d'ces quatre faudra qu'on s'capte
Marre de te courir après sur Twitter
Donne un RDV, je serai à l'heure
J'mets la clé dans le contact
J'mets la clé dans le contact
J'mets la clé pour démarrer les moteurs
J'cherche la clé pour démarrer ton cœur
Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah (yeah yeah)
Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah (yeah yeah)

Baby girl Zongo est le Dozo
Je peux tout supporter j'ai un gros dos
N'ai pas peur, je suis créditeur
Pour t'avoir ils vont t'mentir, qu'ils sont producteurs
Je veux juste qu'on fasse, un tour du tiekar
Mes quatre vitres sont teintées parce que je suis tricard
Les baceux courent comme des poulets fermiers
C'est p't'être le futur père de tes enfants qu'ils veulent enfermer
J's'rai dans l'VIP, tu vas m'reconnaître
Mon gamos est c'lui qui passe dans l'ciel comme une comète
Pas d'temps à perdre, avec les commères
Laissez-nous vivre comme on veut, et niquez vos mères
J'te récupère à la sortie de ton djoci
Faudra qu'tu t'assois à l'arrière avec le cosy
Chacun de mes mouvements les atrophie
J'rêve de mettre ton boule en i comme Valentino Rossi

Tous les jours j'te tchat sur Snap'
Un d'ces quatre faudra qu'on s'capte
Marre de te courir après sur Twitter
Donne un RDV, je serai à l'heure
J'mets la clé dans le contact
J'mets la clé dans le contact
J'mets la clé pour démarrer les moteurs
J'cherche la clé pour démarrer ton cœur
Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah (yeah yeah)
Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah (yeah yeah)

J'ai la dalle, j'ai les crocs crocs crocs
J'bouffe une schnek, j'fais mon rototo
J'suis en planque comme à Misrata
Cherche moi et tu trouves mon ratata
Jeune, j'suis un mec de tess
Obligé de sortir de la hess hess hess
J'ai c'qui t'faut pas de stress stress stress
Si t'es contente t'applaudis des fesses, fesses, fesses
On dîne ensemble, le dozo et zango
Je ne sors jamais sans ma conso
On va faire un arrêt à la supérette
J'prends des bonbons, des feuilles et des cigarettes
Dans la caisse, j'me gare dans un coin
J'allume la radio, mon son passe et j'gagne des points
Tu connais, donne moi ton numéro
Mais ne me mets pas sur "Petit vélo"

Tous les jours j'te tchat sur Snap'
Un d'ces quatre faudra qu'on s'capte
Marre de te courir après sur Twitter
Donne un RDV, je serai à l'heure
J'mets la clé dans le contact
J'mets la clé dans le contact
J'mets la clé pour démarrer les moteurs
J'cherche la clé pour démarrer ton cœur
Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah (yeah yeah)
Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah (yeah yeah)Twice a week I pass by the church that held your funeral
And the pastor's words come pouring down like rain
How he called you a sinner and said now you walk with Jesus
So the drugs that took your life aren't gonna cause you any pain
I don't think he even knew your name
And I refuse to kneel and pray
I won't remember you that way
I lit you a candle in every cathedral across Europe
And I hope you know you're still my patron saint
I tried to forgive, but I can't forget the cigar in his fist
I know that they were heartsick, but I need someone to blame
And I know how they blamed me
I know what you'd say
You'd tell me it was your fault
I should put all my arrows away
I'm sure there ain't a heaven
But that don't mean I don't like to picture you there
I'll bet you're bumming cigarettes off saints
And I'm sure you're still singing
But I'll bet that you're still just a bit out of key
That crooked smile pushing words across your teeth
Cause you were heat lightning
Yeah, you were a storm that never rolled in
You were the northern lights in a southern town
A caustic fleeting thing
I'll bury your memories in the garden
And watch them grow with the flowers in spring
I'll keep you with me
These wolves in their suits and ties
Saying, "Kid, you can trust me"
Charming southern drawl, sunken eyes
Buying good will in hotel lobbies
Buy fistfuls of pills to make sure you don't hurt no more
You don't gotta feel anything
Got their fangs in our veins
Got their voice in our head
Got our arms in their grips
No, we can't shake free
This goddamn machine, hungry and heartless
My whole generation got lost in the margin
We put our faith in you and you turned a profit
Now we're drowning here under the waves
(We're no saviors if we can't save our brothers)
Drowning out under the waves
(We're no saviors if we can't save our brothers)
Drowning out, drowning out
You can't have my friends
You can't have my brothers
You can't have my friends
You can't have my brothers
You can't have my friends
You can't have my brothers
You can't have me
No, you can't have meOh what a time to be alive!
Wake up and smell the dynamite
And keep your eyes locked tight to that screen
And don't believe everything that you see
And you'll find modern life's a catastrophe

Is it just me or does anyone else feel like this could be farewell?
Oh, we almost had it then we pissed it all away
Building walls and dropping bombs
Stop the world, I'm getting off
Oh, we almost had it
Never thought I'd see the day
When the world went up in flames
When the world went up in flames

We all worship celebrities, desperate for an identity
But cigarettes and MDMA don't give you substance
You don't think about what you say
'Cause your mouth is bigger than your brain
It's a shame, so fake and you’re all the same

Is it just me or does anyone else feel like this could be farewell?
Oh, we almost had it then we pissed it all away
Building walls and dropping bombs
Stop the world, I'm getting off
Oh, we almost had it
Never thought I'd see the day
When the world went up in flames
When the world went up in flames

There's a black cat in the windows of Parliament
There's a man in the back of a black cab, talking about the good days
When it all went up in flames (Happy judgement day)
It all went up in flames (Happy judgement day)
C'mon!

Is it just me or does anyone else feel like this could be farewell?
Oh, we almost had it then we pissed it all away
Building walls and dropping bombs
Stop the world, I'm getting off
It's been a long time coming
Never thought I'd see the day (No way!)
It's been a long time coming
Never thought I'd see the day
When the world went up in flames
The world went up in flamesFortune, fame
Mirror vain
Gone insane
But the memory remains

Heavy rings on fingers wave
Another star denies the grave
See the nowhere crowd, cry the nowhere tears of honor
Like twisted vines that grow
Hide and swallow mansions whole
Dim the light of an already faded primadonna

Fortune, fame
Mirror vain
Gone insane
Fortune, fame
Mirror vain
Gone insane
But the memory remains

Heavy rings hold cigarettes
Up to lips that time forgets
While the Hollywood sun sets behind your back
And can't the band play on?
Just listen, they play my song
Ash to ash
Dust to dust
Fade to black

Fortune, fame
Mirror vain
Gone insane
Fortune, fame
Mirror vain
Gone insane
Dance little tin goddess

Drift away
Fade away
Little tin goddess
Ash to ash
Dust to dust
Fade to black

Fortune, fame
Mirror vain
Gone insane
Fortune, fame
Mirror vain
Gone insane
But the memory remains

Ash to ash (ash to ash)
Dust to dust (dust to dust)
Fade to black (fade to black)
The memory remains

Yeah
To this faded primadonna, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Dance little tin goddess dance
Da da da da da da da, da da da da da
(Say yes... or at least say hello (la da da....)
Say yes... or at least say hello (la da da....))
(Da da da)
(Da da da da)
(Da da da da)
(Da da)
(Na da da da da)
(La da da da)
(Da da da)
(Da da da da)
(Da da da da)
(Da da)
(Na da da da da)
(La da da da)
(Da da da)
(Da da da da)
(Da da da da)
(Da da)
(Da da da da)
(Da da da da)
(Da da da)
(Da da da da)
(Da da da da (Say yes))
(Da da da (Or at least say hello))
(Na da da da da)
(Da da da da (Say yes))
(Da da da (Or at least say hello))
(Da da da da da)
(Da da da da)
(Da da da)Sitting at a bar with some friends
Telling them the things that you said
Left me with my heart in no hands
Told me we'd be better just friends
Staring at a television
Something 'bout the world's gonna end

I think about you
You think about me too

If we're losing our minds
I'd get lost with you
If we're all gonna die
I wanna die with you

I wanna die with you
I wanna die with you

I've been seeing tears all morning
Feel like my apartment's flooding
I don't even know where we left it
Maybe I just need to take a shower
Washing off the last ten hours
All I smell is coffee and cigarettes and you

I'm thinking about you
You think about me too

If we're losing our minds
I'd get lost with you
If we're all gonna die
I wanna die with you

I wanna die with you
I wanna die with you

Thinking about you

If we're losing in my minds
I'd get lost with you
If we're all gonna die
I wanna die with you

I wanna die with you
I wanna die with youI've been waiting, long for you
And now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong
And now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong
When I’ve been waitin' (I've been waitin’)
Long for you, long for you (Long for you, oh)
And now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong (Now the time is right)
And now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong (Now the time is right, yeah)

Break my heart, but don't tell me I'm not doin' fine
'Cause I'm doin' fine
Let me go, I'm spendin’ time
Not doin’ fine, but I'm doin’ fine

I wanna drink my wine, I wanna pass that by
I wanna make her cry, she wanna make me die
Apple pie, six cigarettes
And I'll catch the vibe that we can't forget

I've been waiting (I’ve been waiting)
Long for you, waiting long for you (Long for you)
And now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong (Now the time is right, you wanna do me so)
Now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong
When I've been waitin' (I've been waitin')
Long for you (Long for you, oh)
And now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong (Now the time is right)
Now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong (Now the time is right, yeah)

I coulda told ya (I coulda told ya)
Way back then (Way back then)
That I had plans for us to be more than friends, uh (More than friends, yeah)
Chasing you around (Chasing you 'round)
The world ('Round the world) (World, yeah)
Tryna show you the one, my girl (My girl)
But
Now you getting colder since I'm getting a little closer (Little closer)
We ain't doing nothing but getting little older (Little older)
I wanna get a hug but you shoved me away (Away)
So I'm staying here in USA (Woah)

I've been waiting (I've been waiting)
Long for you (Long for you, yeah)
But now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong (Now the time is right, you wanna do me so)
And now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong
When I've been waitin'
Long for you (Long for you)
Now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong
Now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong

Break my heart but don't tell me I'm not doin' fine
'Cause I'm doin' fine
Let me go, I'm spendin' time
Not doin' fine but I'm doin' fine

You coulda told me (You coulda told me)
Way last winter (Way last winter)
That, that I was sticking you in the hand (You in the hand)
Like a splinter (Like a splinter, uh, uh)
You're not passin' my way (Passin' my way)
You're waving goodbye (Waving goodbye)
I'm just trying to be your only guy (Your only guy)
So

I'll be waiting (I'll be waiting)
Long for you (Long for you)
And now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong (And now the time is right, you wanna do me so)
And now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong
When I've been waitin' (I've been waitin')
Long for you, uh (Long for you, oh)
And now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong (Now the time is right, now the time is right)
Now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong

I'll be waiting (I'll be waiting)
Long for you, ooh (Long for you)
And now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong
Now the time is right, you wanna do me so wrong"I never wanna be a distraction"
You say as
You're unashamed and naked
I feel okay all over
Void of all composure
And I know this may sound narcissistic
I like the lips you kiss with
But I want to wear your lipstick
'Cause it means I got to kiss them

You say you like the sound of cigarettes after sex
And I say, “Yeah, yeah, yeah”

One, two hits
Her lips and bad behavior
I'm in danger
Three, four a.m
The feeling's getting stranger
I'm in danger
Bad behavior

And I don't have time for your feelings
You told me
You're insecure, but don't be
Stay soft, but don't be gentle
It's altogether mental
Let's go to a place where we can forget
We haven't left the room yet
You eloquently stated
Leaving's overrated

You say, you say you like the sound of cigarettes after sex
And I say, “Yeah, yeah, yeah”

One, two hits
Her lips and bad behavior
I'm in danger
Three, four a.m
The feeling's getting stranger
I'm in danger

Oh, I inhale you in small doses
But adore you like the roses
You're bad for me, yeah
But you're bad for me, yeah
You medicate me with your poses
I'm a lush, I know you notice
You're bad for me, yeah
But you're bad for me, yeah
You're bad for me, yeah
Ohhh, and I say, “Yeah, yeah, yeah”

One, two hits
Her lips and bad behavior
I'm in danger yeah, yeah
Oh, here we go again
Hope it don't lose its flavor
And I'm in danger
Yeah, I'm in danger
I think I know that you're bad for me
Oh, I know you're bad for me, yeahThe dining room of a fairly large suburban house, belonging to a prosperous manufacturer. It has good solid furniture of the period. The general effect is substantial and heavily comfortable, but not cosy and homelike. (If a realistic set is used, then it should be swung back, as it was in the production at the New Theatre. By doing this, you can have the dining-table centre downstage during Act One, when it is needed there, and then, swinging back, can reveal the fireplace for Act Two, and then for Act Three can show a small table with telephone on it, downstage of fireplace.. By this time the dining-table and its chairs have moved well upstage. Producers who wish to avoid this tricky business, which involves two re-settings of the scene and some very accurate adjustments of the extra flats necessary would be well advised to dispense of an ordinary realistic set, if only because the dining table becomes a nuisance. The lighting should be pink and intimate until the INSPECTOR arrives, and then it should be brighter and harder.)
At rise of curtain, the four BIRLINGS and GERALD are seated at the table, with ARTHUR BIRLING at one end, his wife at the other, ERIC downstage, and SHEILA and GERALD seated upstage. EDNA, the parlourmaid, is just clearing the table, which has no cloth, of dessert plates and champagne glasses, etc., and replacing them with decanter of port, cigar box and cigarettes. Port glasses are already on the table. All five are in the evening dress of the period, the men in tails and white ties, not dinner jackets. ARTHUR BIRLING is a heavy looking, rather portentous looking man in his middle fifties but rather provincial in his speech. His wife is about fifty, a rather cold woman and her husband's social superior. SHEILA is a pretty girl in her early twenties, very pleased with life and rather excited. GERALD CROFT is an attractive chap about thirty, rather too manly to be a dandy but very much the easy well-bred man about town. ERIC is in his early twenties, not quite at ease, half shy, half assertive. At the moment they have all had a good dinner, are celebrating a special occasion, and are pleased with themselves.And honestly I have been begging for answers
That you and only you can give to me
My voice crying loud
I've been crying for days now
And as I start to run, I stop to breathe

(And I was nearly scared to death)
And I was nearly scared to death
(Of why you left in paragraphs)
Of why you left in paragraphs
(The words were nearly over us)
The words were nearly over us
You stop and turn and grab your bags

And I'll be here by the ocean
Just waiting for proof that there's sunsets and silhouette dreams
All my sandcastles fall like the ashes of cigarettes
And every wave drags me to sea
I could stand here for hours
Just to ask God the question, "Is everyone here make-believe?"
With a tear in His voice, He says, "Son, that's the question."
Does this deafening silence mean nothing to no one but me?

As hours move to minutes
And minutes take longer to break
I will be desperately awaiting
When my tongue won't fall apart
And we've been sitting here for hours
All alone and in the dark

So let me think of how to word it
Is it too soon to say 'perfect'?
If I could find another thirty minutes somewhere
I'm sure everything would find me
All that's left is just to sing

And I'll be here by the ocean
Just waiting for proof that there's sunsets and silhouette dreams
All my sandcastles fall like the ashes of cigarettes
And every wave drags me to sea
I could stand here for hours
Just to ask God the question, "Is everyone here make-believe?"
With a tear in His voice, He says, "Son, that's the question."
Does this deafening silence mean nothing to no one but me?

And if you sing to me sweet until then
I may never sail Virginia again
And as this current moves slow for me
This much you must know: we'll meet again
And El, I'll have you know I'm scared to death
Tell me once again
That you'll love me to the death
And should I die, you swear that you will come for me
As I fade away, you reach out your hand

(And please don't let me go)
And please don't let me go
(And please don't let me go)
And please don't let me go

And I'll be here by the ocean
Just waiting for proof that there's sunsets and silhouette dreams
All my sandcastles fall like the ashes of cigarettes
And every wave drags me to sea
I could stand here for hours
Just to ask God the question, "Is everyone here make-believe?"
With a tear in His voice, He says, "Son, that's the question."
Does this deafening silence mean nothing to no one but me?I went looking for trouble
And boy, I found her
She's in love with herself
She likes the dark
On her milk-white neck
The Devil's mark
Now it's All Hallows Eve
The moon is full
But will she trick or treat?
I bet she will
She will
(Happy Halloween, baby)
She's got a date at midnight
With Nosferatu
Oh baby, Lily Munster
Ain't got nothing on you
Well, when I called her evil
She just laughed
Well, cast that spell on me
Boo bitch-craft
Yeah, you wanna go out cause it's raining and blowing
You can't go out cause your roots are showing
Dye 'em black
Ooh, dye 'em black
Black, black, black, black number one
Black, black, black, black number one
Little wolf-skin boots
And clove cigarettes
An erotic funeral
For which she's dressed
Her perfume smells like
Burning leaves
Every day
Is Halloween
Yeah, you wanna go out cause it's raining and blowing
You can't go out cause your roots are showing
Dye 'em black
Ooh, dye 'em black
Black, black, black, black number one
(She dyes 'em black)
Black, black, black, black number one
(Black number one)
Loving you
Loving you
Long, loving you
Was like loving the dead
Loving you
Loving you
Love, loving you
Was like loving the dead
Loving you was like loving the dead
Loving you was like loving the dead
Loving you was like loving the dead
Was like loving the dead
Was like loving the dead
Was like loving the dead
Sacre bleu
Loving you
Loving you
Love, loving you
Was like loving the dead
(It was like fucking the dead)
Loving you was like loving the dead
Loving you was like loving the dead
Loving you was like loving the dead
Was like loving the dead
Loving you, loving you
Loving you, loving you
Loving you, loving you
Was like loving the dead
Was like loving the dead
Was like loving the dead
Black, black, black, black number one
(She dyes 'em black)
Black, black, black, black number one
(Black number one, ooh yeah)
Black, black, black, black number one
Black, black, black, black number oneI remember when you slipped away
Like, sand inside the pocket,  couldn't stop it once it started
Babe, sex went from a blessing to a phase
A formless expressive, plastic
Slanted, broken, bent and fitted wrong
A slo-mo incision, you're vicious
I miss when you were my favorite song
Now I don't know the lyrics anymore

And I know we're both better off
Even though it doesn't feel that way at all
When a new one does come along
I'm just hoping I'll be ready for the fall
I'm just hoping I'll be ready for the fall

Wicker from the candles you would burn
I still smell your cigarettes in all my favorite shirts
But, just another lesson I should learn
A game for the reckless, Tetris
Battleship is sunk, I'm drunk and high
My head's desecrated
My heart is still alive
I wore out all my welcomes
I'm done with being selfish

And I know we're both better off
Even though it doesn't feel that way at all
When a new one does come along
I'm just hoping I'll be ready for the fall
I'm just hoping I'll be ready for the fall


And I know we're both better off
Even though it doesn't feel that way at all
When a new one does come along
I'm just hoping I'll be ready for the fall
I'm just hoping I'll be ready for the fallYou start it out that way
You'd do anything to stay
And keep your money, boys
Made of silver and gold
And keep your Pekingese
Turkish cigarettes
And your lighter that looks just like a gun
So you married your daddy
With a different name

Sex and dying in high society
Sex and dying in high society
Sex and dying in high society
Sex and dying in high society
That pretty man of yours
Hiding inside the director's clothes
The one who calls you dear
After banging away at you in the night
That one's just got to go
Every time you look at him
You could almost fall asleep
And there's a masturbating
Getting underneath your belt

Sex and dying in high society
Sex and dying in high society
Sex and dying in high society
Sex and dying in high society
And now you tell the maid
To burn you on your virgin back
With a curling iron
Hotter than hot!
You say it's good enough
You say it's good enough
You say it's good enough
You say your pain is better
Than any kind of love

That's sex and dying in high society
Sex and dying in high society
Sex and dying in high society
Sex and dying in high societyIt's a raid
Oh, no
Hide everything

I hear them breathing on my telephone
I know I'm never alone
I been to places you should never go
God's really Satan and he's waiting for you out there

Hideaway, I've been locked up for seven days
I'm never coming out (Woo, woo)
Wide awake, I feel my heart accelerate
I'm never coming down (Woo, woo)
Mama said, "You can't kill what's already dead"
And all the feds are waiting for me somewhere
Hideaway, I've been locked up for seven days
I'm never coming out (Woo, woo)
Everybody wants me, everybody wants me

Outside my window, there's a silhouette
My rifle's right beside my bed
Hold on, I'm runnin' out of cigarettes
Fuck

Hideaway, I've been locked up for seven days
I'm never coming out (Woo, woo) (Woah)
Wide awake, I feel my heart accelerate
I'm never coming down (Woo, woo) (Down)
Mama said, "You can't kill what's already dead"
And all the feds are waiting for me somewhere
Hideaway, I've been locked up for seven days
I'm never coming out (Woo, woo)
Everybody wants me, everybody wants me

(I've been locked)
You're missing your fucking head (Yeah)
Everything I am (Everything I am)
Everything I want to be (Louder)
Everything I am (Get louder)
Won't you come along with me? (Come along with me)
Attack
(Yeah)
I want to see you go fucking animal (Like a grade-A psycho)
Go fucking crazy, hahaha (Woah)
Woah, who fuckin' is this?
Knew it was fuckin' motherfuckers
It's a raid

Hideaway, I've been locked up for seven days
I'm never coming out (Woo, woo)
Wide awake, I feel my heart accelerate
I'm never coming down (Woo, woo)
Mama said, "You can't kill what's already dead"
And all the feds are waiting for me somewhere
Hideaway, I've been locked up for seven days (Seven days)
I'm never coming out (Shit)

I see the police, shit
Don't pull that fifty fuckin' round, fuckin' dodge
Get out and fuckin' run
Run, run, run, run, run, run
Attack
It's a raid, everybody out
Fire (Woah)
Fuck you allOnce I throw on this, once I throw on this, it's over, girl
Once I throw on this, once I throw on this, it's over, girl

I hear you knock knock knock, baby, come on up
I hope you got got got something in yo' cup
'Cause I'm three shots deep and I ain't tryna sleep
Get your Redbull on 'cause I'm ready
You've been playin' hard to get with me all night
And we both know exactly what you want, right?
Don't tell me what you wanna do
Tell me what you gon' do
Whatchu gon' do?

Once I throw on this bow chicka wow wow
Whatchu gonna say?
Act like you gon' leave, when I know that you gon' stay
Break it down, dicky down down
Girl, don't even play
Once I set the mood right, I'mma make it sound like
I'mma make it sound like

Are you tryna make me wait wait wait 'til the second day?
But I can't can't can't even contemplate
Waiting one more minute, lemme jump in it
I brought you flowers and a teddy
You've been playin' hard to get with me all night
And we both know exactly what you want, right?
Don't tell me what you wanna do
Tell me what you gon' do
Whatchu gon' do?

Once I throw on this bow chicka wow wow
Whatchu gonna say?
Act like you gon' leave, when I know that you gon' stay
Break it down, dicky down down
Girl, don't even play
Once I set the mood right, I'mma make it sound like
I'mma make it sound like
Yeah, I can make it sound like

I got a leather couch and a black mic
And we all alone, what it sound like?
The night was dead, we found life
I know I talk shit, but it sound right
You say you can't but that's unfair
Gotta give something, something gotta give
I bet you love it, I win the bet
Now we laying up, cigarettes

Now, I ain't even gotta say shit
To make you feel alive, girl, you know you like that
Say, I ain't even gotta say shit
To make you feel alive, girl, you know you like that

Once I throw on this bow chicka wow wow
Whatchu gonna say?
Act like you gon' leave, when I know that you gon' stay
Break it down, dicky down down
Girl, don't even play
Once I set the mood right, I'mma make it sound like
Yeah, I'mma, yeah, I'mma make it

Once I throw on this, once I throw on this, it's over, girl
Once I throw on this, once I throw on this, it's over, girl
Once I throw on this, once I throw on this, it's over, girlI can get ridiculous
When I don't have you and I need my fix
Your perfume smells like licorice
Wanna pull your hair every time we kiss
I like your sweet lipstick
Your eyeliner (damn)
You got me addicted and I'm a first timer
You got me good

Because love is like a drug
And you must be the plug
I can't get away, want you everyday
When you medicate, all the pain goes away
Because love is like a drug, yeah

And you must be the plug, yeah

Ain't nobody (no) envision this
If I'm hooked on you, you keep coming back
Like nicotine and cigarettes, got nothing on you, you help me relax
It's unbelievable
How good you make me feel (damn)
You should be illegal
Baby, my lips are sealed, I know it's real, I  know the deal

Because love is like a drug
And you must be the plug
I can't get away, want you everyday
When you medicate, all the pain goes away
Because love is like a drug

And you must be the plug
'Cause I can't get enough
'Cause I can't get enoughYour world is an ashtray, we burn and coil like cigarettes
The more you cry, your ashes turn to mud
The nature of the leeches, the virgin's feeling cheated
You've only spent a second of your life

My world is unaffected
There is an exit here, I say it is and it's true
There is a dream inside a dream
I'm wide awake the more I sleep
You'll understand when I'm dead
I went to God just to see
And I was looking at me
Saw Heaven and Hell were lies
When I'm God, everyone dies

Scar, can you feel my power?
Shoot here and the world gets smaller
Scar, scar, can you feel my power?
One shot and the world gets smaller

Let's jump upon the sharp swords
And cut away our smiles
Without the threat of death
There's no reason to live, at all

My world is unaffected
There is an exit here, I say it is and it's true
There is a dream inside a dream
I'm wide awake the more I sleep
You'll understand when I'm dead
I went to God just to see
And I was looking at me
Saw Heaven and Hell were lies
When I'm God, everyone dies

Scar, can you feel my power?
Shoot here and the world gets smaller
Scar, scar, can you feel my power?
One shot and the world gets smaller
Scar, scar, can you feel my power?
Shoot here and the world gets smaller
Shoot, shoot, shoot motherfucker
Shoot, shoot, shoot motherfucker

Each thing I show you is a piece of my death
No salvation, no forgiveness
No salvation, no forgiveness
No salvation, no forgiveness
No salvation, no forgiveness
This is beyond your experience
Forgiveness
Forgiveness
Forgiveness
Forgiveness

I went to God just to see
And I was looking at me
Saw Heaven and Hell were lies
When I'm God, everyone dies

Scar, can you feel my power?
Shoot here and the world gets smaller
Scar, scar, can you feel my power?
Shoot here and the world gets smaller
Scar, scar, can you feel my power?
Shoot here and the world gets smaller
Scar, scar, can you feel my power?
One shot and the world gets smaller
Shoot, shoot, shoot motherfucker
Shoot, shoot, shoot motherfucker
Shoot, shoot, shoot motherfucker
Shoot, shoot, shoot motherfuckerThe year of skinny pop and sugar-free jello cups,
we guzzled vitamin water and vodka.
Toasting to high school and survival,
complimenting each others thigh gaps.
Trying diets we found on the internet:
menthol cigarettes, eating in front of a mirror, donating blood.
Replacing meals with other practical hobbies
like making flower crowns, or fainting.
Wondering why I hadn't had my period in months, or why breakfast tastes like giving up.
Or how many more productive ways I could've spent my time today besides googling the calories in the glue of a U.S envelope.
Watching Americas Next Topmodel like the gospel,
hunching naked over a bathroom scale shrine,
crying into an empty bowl of cocoa puffs
because I only feel pretty when I'm hungry.
If you are not recovering, you are dying.
By the time I was sixteen, I had already experienced being clinically overweight, underweight and obese.
As a child fat was the first word people used to describe me,
which didn't offend me, until I found out it was supposed to.
When I lost weight, my dad was so proud, he started carrying my before-and-after photo in his wallet.
So relieved he could stop worrying about me getting diabetes.
He saw a program on the news about the epidemic with obesity, said he's just so glad to finally see me taking care of myself.
If you develop an eating disorder when you are already thin to begin with, you go to the hospital.
If you develop an eating disorder when you are not thin to begin with, you are a success story.
So when I evaporated, of course everyone congratulated me on getting healthy.
Girls at school who never spoke to me before, stopped me in the hallway to ask how I did it.
I say "I am sick". They say "No, you're an inspiration!"
How could I not fall in love with my illness?
With becoming the kind of silhouette people are supposed to fall in love with?
Why would I ever want to stop being hungry, when anorexia was the most interesting thing about me?
So how lucky it is now, to be boring.
The way not going to the hospital is boring.
The way looking at an apple and seeing only an apple, not sixty, or half an hour sit-ups is boring.
My story may not be as exciting as it used to,
but at least there is nothing left to count.
The calculator in my head finally stopped.
I used to love the feeling of drinking water on an empty stomach, waiting for the coolness to slip all the way down and land in the well.
Not obsessed with being empty but afraid of being full.
I used to be proud when I was cold in a warm room.
Now, I am proud. I have stopped seeking revenge on this body.
This was the year of eating when I was hungry without punishing myself and I know it sound ridiculous, but that shit is hard.
When I was little, someone asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up and I said.. "small".Carry me up them stairs
Put my white socks on
And my pretty song
You like my blue nail polish?
"What is all this?", you said
"The mess upstairs
Don't be scared"

Daddy dearest, you know
How I like to take trips
Pops, first stop at the K-Mart
Buy me my peach lip gloss
Cigarettes and lollipops
Mad magazines, and white socks
All in your car for
Our trip across the U.S.A

We going to party
Like it's 1949
We in the Pontiac
From July to July
It's a flower motel nation
Day and night on our last vacation
We going to see it all
Before we say goodbye

Daddy likes Blackpool
Pleasure Beach and road stops
Baby likes some Swiss Alps
Souvenir gift shops
Late night, midnight
Radio show talks
Daddy, baby
Big jail break

Ponytail and lollipops
Dinerettes and soda pops
New blue bathing suit
Ruched tops and Cadillacs
Blue lake car to Dunks
Hopscotch, shit talk
Alabama hard knocks
Motel brass locks

We going to party
Like it's 1949
We in the Pontiac
From July to July
It's a motel flower nation
Day and night on our last vacation
We going to see it all
Before we say goodbyeGot this feeling going higher
Higher, higher, higher
Got this feeling going higher
Higher
Higher Higher Higher Higher
Higher Higher Higher Higher
Higher Higher

I've been waiting, I've been sitting thinking 'bout this situation
Like I'm MLK, I'm speaking out against the segregation
I can make it through the gate and open it for all my brethren
I don't mean to ruffle feathers, niggas talkin', bitches hatin'
Contemplatin' every single move you make and study you
Muddy boot, niggas go through Earth and Hell and Heaven for a story based on Raury
Far important tryin' to force me to a category or a genre like an ogoyogopolo
Holy Motorolas in my phone, I'm gon' call your motherfucker
I'm ruin you by twelve o'clock tomorrow
Not a staller of my vengeance, I'm as spiteful as my father
I forgot his birthday back when I was ten, he doesn't bother me at all now
And if that nigga would call now
I'd rub it in his face like mothafucka, you missed out
Would always go to work but wouldn't bother to call out
You wanted me to hoop but mothafucka I ball now

The devil is alive in Atlanta
He was ridin' on the MARTA
He was lookin' for directions
Had to swerve that nigga
Say bitch I'm on the move, and all these niggas stuck
I could live my life alone and I wouldn't give a fuck
Ride with me, ride with me, I don't really give a damn
Jesus piece above my head, nigga you know who I am

Higher Higher, higher, higher
Got this feeling going higher
Higher Higher Higher Higher
Higher Higher Higher Higher
Higher Higher Higher Higher

Walkin' with a limp around the city of Decatur
Used a fake ID to buy some cigarettes from the bodega
Ate a pack of bad karma, didn't pay for Now & Laters
But my life is full of sufferings that happen now or later
How a hater, gon debate about design with the creator
Niggas talk about your swag but all the bitches double takers
88 a understater for the stallions in my stable
Women all around the world so I got flavors of the flavor
Flavor Flav cannot compete with me and please believe the leader sees
The weakening and strengths between the thoughts of the elitist
He can weave the streets as people sleep within their beds so peacefully
Defeat the king, be it right or wrong, I don't think I'm clean
I think I'm addicted to the pussy and the nicotine
Stussy bucket hats and yellow teeth because of Listerine
What's a better substitute, tell me who the fuck are you?
Now tell me what to do, you fuck with me I fuck with you

Higher higher, higher, higher
I got this feeling going higher
Higher Higher Higher Higher
Higher Higher Higher Higher
Higher
I got this feeling going higher
Higher Higher Higher Higher
Higher Higher Higher Higher
Higher

Bitch I'm Rauricusorai
I'm Raurington the high
In the sky ride high
Bitch you gon' ride high
Got these hoes mesmerized
Got these hoes mesmerized
Got these hoes mesmerized
Got these hoes mesmerized...Is it my imagination
Or have I finally found something worth living for?
I was looking for some action
But all I found was cigarettes and alcohol

You could wait for a lifetime
To spend your days in the sunshine
You might as well do the white line
'Cause when it comes on top
You gotta make it happen
You gotta make it happen
You gotta make it happen
You gotta make it happen

Is it worth the aggravation
To find yourself a job when there's nothing worth working for?
It's a crazy situation
But all I need are cigarettes and alcohol

You could wait for a lifetime
To spend your days in the sunshine
You might as well do the white line
'Cause when it comes on top
You gotta make it happen!
You gotta make it happen!
You gotta make it happen!
You gotta make it happen!

You gotta, you gotta, you gotta make it
You gotta, you gotta, you gotta fake it
You gotta, you gotta, you gotta make it
You gotta, you gotta, you gotta fake itAnd I know it's bad
But I just can't wait
Till you feel in love
When you see my face
Well, I go to bed
But I'm still awake
When you go to bed
Do you sleep like a babe?

I just want coffee for breakfast
I just want warm cups of tea
I just might love you forever
I hope you warm up to me
I hope your dreams are amazing
I hope your dreams are amazing

My dad, he worked out west
And he worked so hard
My mum she smells like cigarettes
And they broke each other's hearts
She says that love is like a chess game
And boys gotta do the chasing
But when did I start taking her advice?
I raised myself and that's alright

I want coffee for breakfast
I want warm cups of tea
I'm gonna love you forever
I hope you warm up to me
I hope your dreams are amazing
I hope your dreams are amazing
Hope your dreams are amazing
I hope I maybe sneak my way in, I'd like that

Oh, I was really feeling nothing
But you got me feeling something
And it's heartfelt like ice melts when winter turns to spring
And I keep your pictures like a hoarder
I think about you when I sing
Said you can lead a horse to water but you can't always make it drink

So I drink coffee for breakfast
I want warm cups of tea
I just might love you forever
I hope you warm up to me
I think you might be my angel
Think you might be an angel
I think you might be an angel
I think you might be

All you gotta do is wait for me to get home
Like Charlie in the rain outside
All I wanna do is see you when I get home
Like Charlie in the rain outside
All you gotta do is wait for me to get home
Like Charlie in the rain outside
All I wanna do is see you when I get home
Like Charlie in the rain outside

I want coffee for breakfast
I just want warm cups of tea
I just might love you forever
I hope you warm up to me
I think you might be my angel
I think you might be my angel
I think you might be my angel
I think you might beThese things just took over me
Just took over my whole body
So I can't even see no more
I'm calling my Black woman a bitch
I'm calling my peoples all kinds of thing that they not
I'm lost brother, can you help me
Can you help me brother, please

You see what we did, we lost the love
I'm talking bout the love, the love of your own

But brother, but brother, but brother, check this out
I still don't understand man, I'm all high off this shit man

Well, what I'm trying to say my brother
Why, why do we kill each other
Look at our children, what kind of a future

This is the training that's gonna be given to you by the Wu
Brothers and sisters
The revolution, the revolution will be televised, televised, televised
It's time to rise, and take our place so we can inherit the universe
The planet Earth belongs to God
This is nineteen-ninety-seven
Every square inch of it that he chose for himself, is the best part
Behind every strong woman you'll find a strong man
And behind every strong man you'll find a strong woman
The universe is not completed without the sun, moon and stars
(Want to be free)
That's man, woman and child
To all you fake-ass niggas who think you gonna survive out here
Without your Black woman, you're wrong
They have attraction powers on the planet
We are original man, the Asiatic Black man
The maker, the author, the cream of the planet Earth
Father of civilization and daughter of the universe
The population was seventeen million, with the two million Indians
Making a total of nineteen million, four billion, four hundred million
All over the planet earth
(Mandela, Mandela)
Arise you Gods, it's the time for the revolutional war
(Malcolm X, Malcolm X)
That's the mental war
That's the battle between God and devil
Take the devil off your plane
Take him off your mental mentality, take him off your brain
Leave all the cigarettes and guns, the alcohol and everything
Thats the mental devil that exists within your body
That's destroying and decaying your mind
The mind controls the body
Everything within must come out
Don't look towards the sky cause there's no heaven above
Don't look down beneath your feet, there's no hell below
But heaven and hell exist within
Heaven is what you make it and hell is what you go through

There is only one God
There is a whole new one, faith
There is a only one
One revolution yeah

At one time it was told to me
That man came from monkeys
That we were swinging from trees
I hardly can believe that unless I'm dumb, deaf and blind
You ever heard about, the ape man and the ape woman
You have a mankind, that has a beginning to him
And his ending, is about to come

If you take one step, I will take one with you
Through the storm and pain, swim the deepest sea, with you my brother
I know you got to be strong, gotta hold on

Now the story is about to close
It was a hundred percent of us
That came on the slave ships
Eighty five percent of our people was uncivilized
Poison animal eaters
They're slaves of the mental powers
They don't know who the true and living God is
And their origins in the world
So they worship what they know not
And they're easily lead in the wrong direction
Ought to be lead in the right
And now you got the ten percent who are rich slave makers of the poor
Who teach the poor lies that make the people believe
That the all mighty true and living God is a spook in the sky
And you can't see him with the physical eyes
They're also known as blood suckers of the poor
And then you got the five percent
Who are the poor righteous teachers
Who do not believe in the teachings of the ten percent
Who is all wise and know who the true and living god is
And teach that the true and living god is a supreme being black man from Asia
Otherwise known as civilized people
Also Muslims, and Muslim's sons
Peace we out

I have given it much thought
It seems, disaster must come
At best, only postponed
Shaolin Kung-Fu
To survive must now be taught, to more young men
We must expand, get more pupils
So that the knowledge will spreadDaytrip took it to ten (Hey)

Oh, here we go, please let me know
Off we go, don't leave me in the cold

If I took you everywhere, then well, you wouldn't know how to walk
If I spoke on your behalf, then well, you wouldn't know how to talk
If I gave you everything and everything is what I bought
I can take it all back, I never cared 'bout what you thought
I didn't mean to make you mad, I don't like when you upset
I'ma call you later on, baby girl, don't you forget
I'ma take you from this party, we might go and have some sex
Or we do that later on, now we lit like cigarettes

I thought you would stay with me
I'm yours and you're mine, I envy
So what I'm gon' do?
I don't have no clue, ain't no me without you

Oh, here we go, please let me know
Off we go, don't leave me in the cold

If I took you everywhere, then well, you wouldn't know how to walk
If I spoke on your behalf, then well, you wouldn't know how to talk
If I gave you everything and everything is what I bought
I can take it all back, I never cared 'bout what you thought

I might spin the block on twelve horses
Buy the block and get a boss bitch
Grown man, but when the Henny hit
I might Milly Rock, then get up off it
In the new days with my old ways
Game change, but the name don't
My whore-shays is they main hoes
Got a lot of them, a whole stable
I don't lie to them, it's no fables
Rap don, country flavor
Now we worldwide, we made a big brand
Now our catalog is so major
Rodeo or Rodeo
Ho-folio is so player
Tomato or tomato
Nas X or Big Nas, this shit ride

Oh, here we go (Nas and Nas X), please let me know (Yeah)
Off we go (Big Nas and Lil Nas, yeah), don't leave me in the cold

I thought you would stay with me
I'm yours and you're mine, I envy
So what I'm gon' do?
I don't have no clue, ain't no me without youAround the corner and down the hall
You're the only one I see
A little over five-feet tall
Just under five 'til the next bell rings
Sneak a note, and sneak a touch
Do you think they saw?
Can't keep my hands to myself, when you're in
In that push-up bra

Too young for love
Not old enough to buy some cigarettes
But we got both, we got it all
Smokey scenes and kissing necks
This is it, we are gold, you are fire
Don't wanna learn, I'm scared to burn
Pray to God you're not a liar

Half days and Fridays and any days
Any days without school
Means more days and more ways
Of running around and fooling around with you
Man screw the rules, life is short
Can't tell me how to live
Don't wanna look like mom and dad anyways
Yelling words and throwing fists

Too young for love
Not old enough to buy some cigarettes
But we got both, we got it all
Smokey scenes and kissing necks
This is it, we are gold, you are fire
Don't wanna learn, I'm scared to burn
Pray to God you're not a liar
Too young for love
Not old enough to buy some cigarettes
But we got both, we got it all
Smokey scenes and kissing necks
This is it, we are gold, you are fireA tornado flew around my room before you came
Excuse the mess it made, it usually doesn't rain
In Southern California, much like Arizona
My eyes don't shed tears, but, boy, they bawl
When I'm thinkin' 'bout you
(You, know, know, know)
I've been thinkin' 'bout you
(You know, know, know)
I've been thinkin' 'bout you
Do you think about me still?
She's workin' at the Pyramid tonight
She's workin' at the Pyramid tonight
Pimpin' in my convo's
Bubbles in my champagne
Let it be some jazz playin'
Top floor motel suite, twistin' my cigars
Floor model TV with the VCR
Got rubies in my damn chain
Whip ain't got no gas tank
But it still got woodgrain
Got your girl working for me
Hit the strip and my bills paid
That keep my bills paid
But it's a bad religion, for her to love someone who will never love her
Fuck me good, fuck me long, fuck me numb
Love me now, when I'm gone, love me none
Love me none, love me none, numb, numb, numb, numb
I'm about to drive to the ocean
I'm about to swim from something
Bigger than me
Kick off my shoes
And swim good
Swim good
Take off this suit
And swim good
Swim good
Good
I'm goin' numb
I've been thinkin' 'bout you
(You, know, know, know)
I've been thinkin' 'bout you
(You know, know, know)
I've been thinkin' 'bout you
Do you think about me still?
Do ya? Do ya?
My fingertips, and my lips, they burn
From the cigarettes
Forrest Gump, you run my mind boy
Running on my mind boy
Forrest Gump
I know you Forrest
I know you wouldn't hurt a beetle
But you're so buff, and so strong
I'm nervous Forrest
PAUSE
I believe that marriage isn't
Between a man & woman
But between love and love
And I believe you when you say that
You've lost all faith
But you must believe in something
Something something
You gotta believe in something
Something something
I still believe in man
A wise one asked me why
Cause I just don't believe we're wicked
I know that we sin but I do believe we try
We all try
The girls try
The boys try
Women try
Men try
You and I
Try try we all tryI can get ridiculous
When I don't have you and I need my fix
You make me feel magnificent
Over your supply and I can't resist
You got me all messed up (messed up)
You make my heartbeat race (damn)
It's uncontrollable (uncontrollable)
I want you everyday, what did you do to me?

Because love is like a drug
And you must be the plug
I can't get away, want you everyday
When you medicate, all the pain goes away
Because love is like a drug, yeah
And you must be the plug, oh

Ain't nobody (no) envision this
If I'm hooked on you and keep coming back (no)
No nicotine and cigarettes
Ain't got nothing on you, you help me relax
It's unbelievable, how good you make me feel (damn)
You should be illegal
Baby, my lips are sealed (I know it's real)
I know the deal

Because love is like a drug
And you must be the plug
I can't geta way, want you everyday
When you medicate all the pain goes away
Because love is like a drug, yeah

And you must be the plug
'Cause I can't get enough
'Cause I can't get enoughIf I could make a wish
I think I'd pass
Can't think of anythin' I need
No cigarettes, no sleep, no light, no sound
Nothing to eat, no books to read

Making love with you
Has left me peaceful, warm, and tired
What more could I ask
There's nothing left to be desired
Peace came upon me and it leaves me weak
So sleep, silent angel
Go to sleep

Sometimes, all I need is the air that I breathe
And to love you
All I need is the air that I breathe
Yes, to love you
All I need is the air that I breathe


Peace came upon me
And it leaves me weak
So sleep, silent angel
Go to sleep

Sometimes, all I need is the air that I breathe
And to love you
All I need is the air that I breathe
Yes, to love you
All I need is the air that I breathe

Sometimes, all I need is the air that I breathe
And to love you
All I need is the air that I breathe
Yes, to love you
All I need is the air that I breathe
And to love you
All I need is the air that I breathe
Yes, to love youAnd this is just a mixtape, damn
Well, it's a little more than that
It's more like a message
More like a change for the better
And this is just a mixtape, damn
It's more of a dedication
D3!
And this is just a mixtape, damn
This what y'all was waiting for?
DJ Drama!

And I'ma keep fucking this world
'Til you mothafuckas come for me, yah (Ill!)
Don't worry if me gotta gun
You should have a gun for me, yah (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
And all these niggas is killers
And all these killers with me, yeah
But you should be more afraid of the killer in me (Ohh!)
'Cause I'm about to kill 'em, I'm about to kill 'em
'Cause I'm about to kill 'em, I'm about to kill 'em
So fuck it, I'ma kill 'em, so fuck it, I'ma kill 'em (Gangsta!)
So fuck it, I'ma kill 'em, so fuck it, I'ma kill 'em
So fuck it, I'ma kill 'em, yeah!
And I'ma keep fucking this world
'Til you mothafuckas come for me, yah
Don't worry if me gotta gun
You should have a gun for me, yah (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
And all these niggas is killers
And all these killers with me, yah (Gangsta!)
But you should be afraid of me (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)

Young veteran, soon to be OG
Plus I spit like a crackhead with no teeth
I hear you little niggas barking, want more beef
You like a nigga with no guns, you gets no peace
And when it comes to money my shit is obese
Like Della Reese, I need celery
More money, what the fuck these niggas telling me?
I'm young Lucifer, take em all to hell with me, yeah
Drop 'em off in a fire storm, YM riot squad, get our riot on
If he testify like Common, see the fire bomb
If you know what's best, mothafucka, get your quiet on
These niggas starving out here getting they diet on
While I'm eating, nigga, gripping on my styrofoam
One man game, nigga, I'ma die alone
For now, I'm with your girl, getting my Rowdy Roddy Piper on

Willie the Kid, pull guns like a hamstring
No bull, I push Pro-Vs like Pantene
Blow like a trombone, funny niggas, tambourine
Players get jumped like a trampoline, tangerine
Gators day, nay-sayers, mascara wearers
And my niggas on paper, getting paper like ballplayers
No blood no foul, yeah, my heart cold as Moscow
We nap ya kin like a hot towel (Gangsta!)
All my hoes hostile, not me, never tell me "not now"
Rap niggas, forty-cal. to your brow (Ugh, ugh)
Roof-remover, we leave your brain with more air
Maneuver, I leave your bitch with a moist chair (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
Seduce her, yeah, you rappers should be tired of lyin'
But I know it's hard like a tire iron
But yet it's complex, like it's Mayan science
Or Aztec math, I'm crazy as a mesc' tab
I feed niggas like a mess hall
And yes, y'all, It's Willie, how I address y'all
Or like a stylist, nobody's fly as this
You crazy? I'm getting brain like a psychiatrist

And I'ma keep fucking this world
'Til you mothafuckas come for me, yah (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
Don't worry if me gotta gun
You should have a gun for me, yah
And all these niggas is killers (killers with you)
And all these killers with me, yeah (Gangsta!)
But you should be afraid of me (Gangsta!)
'Cause I'ma kill 'em, I'ma kill 'em
Yeah, I'ma kill 'em, yes, I'ma kill 'em
And I'ma kill 'em, I'ma kill 'em
I'ma kill 'em

They say powder makes you hyper, reefer makes you calm
Cigarettes give you cancer, woo-woos make you dull
While I sip the purple harlot, thick as my Southern drawl
Put me on the ocean floor wit a mermaid wit no draws
They got bats up in the cave, upside-down
Blood rushing to they head, they reacting off sound
As I stand on the mound, pitching for the crown
Uptown-bound, face painted like a clown
Reciting scriptures from the chapters, Proverbs, Leviticus
Old-ass rappers complaining what the business is
'Bout the state of hip, soundin like some bitches
Hop your ass up off a rich nigga dick, it's ridiculous
The new school nigga, what you need to do is become a resident
Under conditions, get your ass up off your ass
And get your ass up on a mission, become some competition
Like Federer and Nadal, Young Money, nigga, we ball
Like Kobe or Chris Paul, forgiving a wack cracker
Still sipping Cristal, waving the lifeline
Since life's a bitch, y'all, raising up the skirts of Jezebels
For no cash, like, "Bitch, gimme that ass"
Or pulling up to the lot like, "Gimme that Jag'"
No, pulling up to the lot like, "Gimme that Lam'"
They study me, yeah, they cram, like I'm a final exam
If I hit you in your back, tou'll need a spinal exam
I'm something like a rhino or ram, animal, beast
Irritating you pussies like chlamydia, yeast
YM militia, you niggas better retreat
Or be like this beat, R.I.P., deceased

'Cause I'ma kill 'em, I'ma kill 'em
Yeah, I'ma kill 'em, yes, I'm kill 'em
And I'ma kill 'em, I'ma kill 'em
I'ma kill 'em (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)

Yeah, already, you better call every pallbear-ier in y'all area
The ball carrier gon' get popped, if I'm coming around the block The in-swing drive gets stopped, he gon' drop like a flop
On the court, I love sports, that's why I play my bitches
'Cause I got game, that's why you pay my bitches, yeah
Same hustle, new money
I'm just hip-hopping like two bunnies (Gangsta!)
Who run it? Bitch nigga, moi
That was French, nigga, not a kiss, nigga, nah
Ha, no homo, rappers get ate like four and four
They say I fucked so-and-so
And I be like "So, so and so"
Nikes on they neck, they like, "Let me breathe"
I'm sorry, but I can't, this is how we feed (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
This is why we hot, this is how we freeze
Too fast to follow, this is why we lead
And the money in the pocket isn't why we Gs, see
This is how we shoot and this is how we leave (Gangsta!)
You know we tote steel, this is how we ease
You can get the steel if you try these thieves, now
Pass me the Swisher, let me climb these trees
And them haters say we couldn't, this is why we bes
This shit like pudding, putting it down
Like gravity's pulling, putting it down
Like gravity's pulling, putting it down
Like gravity's pulling me to the ground (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)

Young
Young, Young
Dedication 3
Young
Y'all ready?!
Young Mula, crazyMe and my mother drivin' to the grocery store
Me ridin' shotgun with my window rolled down
She smoked cigarettes and gets what she gets by
Hustlin' harder, rollers and a nightgown

Me and my father driving to the football game
Me ridin' shotgun, my window rolled down
He sipped Cognac and kept us all laughin'
I was much happier when he was around

When he was around
Sayin', he was around
Around


Around
Around
Around
Me and my mother
Me and my father
Me and my—
Me and my—
Me and—
Me and—
Me and–You're goth and glam
I hope it's not a one night stand
But I'm so cold and you keep me warm, yeah
Ativan, cigarettes and gin in hand
It's just you're so cool and I wanna steal this moment with you

Well I miss your kicks, I miss your lips
I miss your kiss, already
I miss your pain, I miss your brain
I miss your kiss, already
Alright

Well I'll hold you dear
I hope that you don't think I'm weird
Pretend it never happened and just go back to Manhattan
'Cause you made a pact
And I try my best not to get attached
But you're so cool and I'm such a fool for you

Well I missed your text, I miss your sex
I miss your kiss, already
I miss your pain, I miss your brain
I miss your kiss, already
Alright
Well I miss your lips, I miss your tits
I miss your kiss, already
I miss your pain, I miss your brain
I miss your kiss, already

So just miss your plane
Stay at my place
'Cause I miss your kiss, already
And I miss your pain, I miss your brain
I miss your kiss, already
AlrightThe first born got his love torn
I came out of the ice storm
This blood sword is my light source
At the white shores when the night falls
Was my life form worth to cry for?
Off like 10 pills, now I'm stillborn
Gotta stay pure just to make sure
Gotta watch out who you fall for

Smelling like an orchid, I got sources, it's imported
It's another morning, there's no ending to my story
Got the blood veil, I just almost met the reaper
In the shadows and I breathe them
In the ghost house with my people, it's the Shield Gang
I got all these shields and you can't breach them
On a plane, I'm switching seasons
Wait for God to give a reason to me
Daytime creeping, I can't fuck with human beings
I'm not sure what to believe in, I catch commas, not no feelings
You know Drain Gang, I got vampires in my city
Hit the party, take 'em with me, hit me up when I'm not busy
Feel like Casper, feel like you can't see me when I'm friendly
You can see me wearing Fendi as soon as I made my entry

The first born got his love torn
I came out of the ice storm
This blood sword is my light source
At the white shores when the night falls
Was my life form worth to cry for?
Off like 10 pills, now I'm stillborn
Gotta stay pure just to make sure
Gotta watch out who you fall for

Off some pink flats, trying to get my feelings back
Breathing in the ash, X should mark the hidden past
A thousand bits of glass on me, I got glitter hands
Turning into sand, vacuum seal like plastic bags
Sleeping with a chain on me, feel like 50 Shades
Issey Miyake, CDG my aftershave
It feels like acid rain, every day I feel the same
Maybe in a way I will never feel again
I gotta disconnect when they get too intimate
Black Afgan, breaking open cigarettes
I'm so innocent, but I got some evil friends
I just wanna spend, never fall in love againThe price seemed reasonable, location
Indifferent. The landlady swore she lived
Off premises. Nothing remained
But self-confession. "Madam", I warned,
"I hate a wasted journey - I am African."
Silence. Silenced transmission of
Pressurized good-breeding. Voice, when it came,
Lipstick coated, long gold rolled
Cigarette-holder pipped. Caught I was, foully.
"HOW DARK?"...I had not misheard. ..."ARE YOU LIGHT
OR VERY DARK?" Button B. Button A. Stench
Of rancid breath of public hide-and-speak.
Red booth. Red pillar-box. Red double-tiered
Omnibus squelching tar. It was real! Shamed
By ill-mannered silence, surrender
Pushed dumbfoundment to beg simplification.
Considerate she was, varying the emphasis-
"ARE YOU DARK? OR VERY LIGHT?" Revelation came.
"You mean - like plain or milk chocolate?"
Her accent was clinical, crushing in its light
Impersonality. Rapidly, wave-length adjusted,
I chose. "West African sepia" - and as afterthought,
"Down in my passport." Silence for spectroscopic
Flight of fancy, till truthfulness changed her accent
Hard on the mouthpiece. "WHAT'S THAT?" conceding
"DON'T KNOW WHAT THAT IS." "Like brunette."
"THAT'S DARK, ISN'T IT?" "Not altogether.
Facially, I am brunette, but madam, you should see
The rest of me. Palm of my hand, soles of my feet
Are a peroxide blond. Friction, caused-
Foolishly madam - by sitting down, has turned
My bottom raven black - One moment madam! - sensing
Her receiver rearing on the thunderclap
About my ears -"Madam," I pleaded, "wouldn't you rather
See for yourself?"Isn't it a little late?
Shouldn't you fly away?
Little dove with cigarettes
Show 'em that you can hold your breath

I heard about a girl
Buried her dolls and lost her curls
Painted on lipstick red
Grew herself up and then she'd

Walk into a smoke-filled room
Oh, no one could keep their eyes off you
Have a little drink or two
Oh, oh, how could you be that girl I knew?
Walk into a smoke-filled room
Little black dress and mama's shoes
Isn't it a bit too soon
Oh, how could you be that girl I knew?
Oh, how could you be that girl I knew?
Oh, how could you be that girl I knew?
Walk into a smoke-filled room
Oh, I believe love will follow you
Isn't it a bit too soon?
Oh, oh, how could you be that girl I knew?

Take a step around the room
And every head keeps turning too
Little dove, you fight 'em back
Show 'em you're so much more than that

I heard about a girl
Buried her dolls and lost her curls
Painted on lipstick red
Grew herself up and then she'd

Walk into a smoke-filled room
Oh, no one could keep their eyes off you
Have a little drink or two
Oh, how could you be that girl I knew?
Walk into a smoke-filled room
Little black dress and mama's shoes
Isn't it a bit too soon?
Oh, how could you be that girl I knew?
How could you be that girl I knew?
Oh, how could you be that girl I knew?
Walk into a smoke-filled room
Oh, I believe love will follow you
Isn't it a bit too soon?
Oh, oh, how could you be that girl I knew?
Oh, how could you be that girl I knew?
Oh, how could you be that girl I knew?She's a Killer Queen
Gunpowder, gelatine
Dynamite with a laser beam

She keeps a Moët et Chandon
In her pretty cabinet
'Let them eat cake', she says
Just like Marie Antoinette
A built-in remedy
For Khrushchev and Kennedy
At anytime an invitation
You can't decline
Caviar and cigarettes
Well versed in etiquette
Extraordinarily nice

She's a Killer Queen
Gunpowder, gelatine
Dynamite with a laser beam
Guaranteed to blow your mind
Anytime

Recommended at the price
Insatiable an appetite
Wanna try?

To avoid complications
She never kept the same address
In conversation
She spoke just like a baroness
Met a man from China
Went down to Geisha Minah
Then again incidentally
If you're that way inclined
Perfume came naturally from Paris (naturally)
For cars she couldn't care less
Fastidious and precise

She's a Killer Queen
Gunpowder, gelatine
Dynamite with a laser beam
Guaranteed to blow your mind
Anytime


Drop of a hat she's as willing as
Playful as a pussy cat
Then momentarily out of action
Temporarily out of gas
To absolutely drive you wild, wild
She's all out to get you

She's a Killer Queen
Gunpowder, gelatine
Dynamite with a laser beam
Guaranteed to blow your mind
Anytime

Recommended at the price
Insatiable an appetite
Wanna try?
You wanna tryYeah, yeah, hey
It's goin', goin', goin' down
Tennessee, Justin Timberlake (Boy)
Timbaland (Boy)
Three 6 M-M-Mafia
Tennessee
V.A. dirty south, dirty south
This how we do what we do, man
When we do what we do
What, what
Project shit, what?

I know you see me lookin', girl, go on and act right
A little closer, let me see you in the spotlight
Now turn around and let me see just what you curve like
Go grab your friends and y'all can come to the back, ooh
Why don't you take a sip up on this champagne?
Relax, take your coat off, and let me get your name
I love that hourglass shape you got up on that frame
I like the way you talk your game, we might be one and the same
Now I know you got a buzz off that alcohol
I got a house that can entertain all o' y'all
Maybe later on, I'll give you a phone call
About to slide out, but I'll get back at ya, ooh
And when I call, don't give me the runaround
I ain't gon' have ya try to play me like a silly clown
Don't second guess it, girl, there ain't nothin' to think about
'Cause ya got me fiendin', but girl, ya don't hear me

Little lady (Lady, lady)
You got me just (Screwed up)
Off of your melody
Little lady (Lady, lady)
Come on and don't (Chop me up)
Please don't make a fool of me
Little lady (Lady, lady)
You got me just (Screwed up)
Off of your melody
Easy, baby (Baby, baby)
Come on, girl, don't (Chop me up)
Please don't make a fool of me

You're kinda cute, baby, are you new in town?
My name is Tim, a.k.a. Thomas Crown
I heard you're lost, do you know your way around?
If you got a problem, baby, I can hold you now (Oh)
I can be your navigator or your compass
Better yet a genie, baby, make your first wish
You the party, baby, I'm just the guest list
I think I need some Tylenol, you got me restless
So grab your friends and let's take ya back to my house
Let's watch Sex and the City or Desperate Housewives
Simon says, touch yours while you touch mine
Parental discretion is advised (Oh)
Y'all can be the star in my freaky spot light
Studio 54 if we get the props right
All we need right now is a little bit of, little bit of act right
Y'all lookin shy, but y'all act like y'all don't hear me

Little lady (Lady, lady)
You got me just (Screwed up)
Off of your melody
Little lady (Lady, lady)
Come on and don't (Chop me up)
Please don't make a fool of me
Little lady (Lady, lady)
You got me just (Screwed up)
Off of your melody
Easy, baby (Baby, baby)
Come on, girl, don't (Chop me up)
Please don't make a fool of me

Yeah, see, girl, you stronger then the strongest drug I ever had
You can mix 'em all together, you still would be twice as bad
'Cause you're the worst best girlfriend I ever had
Harder to quit than cigarettes and green bags
Harder to escape than jail cells and bills
Man, ya you had me lost since the minute girl and pig tails
Like Michael Jackson, how you do me this way
Got me cryin' rivers like Timbaland and Timberlake, yeah

They call me Juicy J, straight up out the Three 6 Mafia
Ghetto fab player, all these freaks I'm tryna holler at ya
Quit playin' games, girl, you got my head spinnin' 'round
I ain't gon' chirp your mobile phone and chase you all over town
I just wanna pick you up and take you to a wrestling match
Is it good? Is it good? And have a lil' smack fest
So if you never call me, I'll be somewhere down in Tennessee
Washin' away my sorrows in cold cup o' Hennessy

Little lady (Lady, lady)
You got me just (Screwed up)
Off of your melody
Little lady (Lady, lady)
Come on and don't (Chop me up)
Please don't make a fool of me
Little lady (Lady, lady)
You got me just (Screwed up)
Off of your melody
Easy, baby (Baby, baby)
Come on, girl, don't (Chop me up)
Please don't make a fool of me

Screwed up
Chop me up
Screwed up (Off of your melody)
Chop me up (Please don't make a fool of me)The dreams
I remember my dreams
ColdWorldGang!

If I had one night, I would spend it with you
I need help real soon, I'ma die in my room
You wanna come fly too, gettin' high as the moon
I might spread my wings tonight
(Spread my wings tonight)
I’m gon' pack my things tonight
Phone's gon' ring tonight
Hear the angels sing tonight
(Hear the angels sing tonight)
No matter what you bring tonight
I'm gon' win the fight
Peep gon' make it right
(Peep gon' make it right)
Passin' time, gettin' high in the candle light
Gettin' mine, I be flyin', you can stand aside
But a heart wanna die, I never live my life
You can see it in my eyes, that I can't decide
I'm fucked up, but my heart still beats for you
Broken heart, can't breathe in the waitin' room
Now I'm faced with the test of forgettin' you
Got the whole club packed, try gettin' through

All night, silhouettes under blacklights
ColdWorld, I got frost bite, baby
Lips touch, you're so passionate lately
I've been wantin' to bring you back, you'll probably hate me
See me lookin' at your legs when it's dark out
Cigarettes and broken trust in your lip stains
I just wanna know that maybe there's a somehow
You're not the type to fall in love when there's a whole town
Burn slow
Burn low
All black
Forever
You can find me in your dreams, I'll be waitin' for you, baby
Slow when your lips touch mine so gently
Apparition Love, you're my ghost on the dance floor
Apparition Love, you're my ghost on the dance floor

Passionate Yet just like I'm Wicca Phase
It's been three years since I seen your face
I remember every second spent by the lake
I'm a N.H, motherfuckin' death case
I was tryna get buzz, tryna get cake
I only fuck with bitches that got taste
If you fuck with me, you won't be the same
Are you down for this? Are you down for me?
And I can't lie
And I can't hide
Hide them feelin's, you get me high
It's been so long, since I've seen you now
I'm so unhappy when you're not around

Hate myself and all my personality traits
I'm gonna blow one day and I'm about to be great
Is that why you said you love me but before you didn't want me?
And you mocked all my attempts, now you're here, you tryna fuck me, yeah
Girl saw my bruh and me, you pushed me away
No turning back at this point so I'm looking away
Can't stand the look in your face, don't wanna gaze in your eyes
I'm not amused with playing games but you been playing them right
And I know that somedays you reminisce all the times you used to kiss and stare at one another silently
Sorry if I reacted a little violently
I swear to God, and I promise I didn't mean it how it came across
Can't pay the cost of the damages
I run forever, gone
It's too late to talk it out
You got my phone number blocked and then I can't send a DM
And now I'm miserable the time I wake up to PM

All night, silhouettes under blacklights
ColdWorld, I got frost bite baby
Lips touch, you're so passionate lately
I've been wantin' to bring you back, you'll probably hate me
See me lookin' at your legs when it's dark out
Cigarettes and broken trust in your lip stains
I just wanna know that maybe there's a somehow
You're not the type to fall in love when there's a whole town
Burn slow
Burn low
All black
Forever
You can find me in your dreams, I'll be waitin' for you, baby
Slow when your lips touch mine so gently
Apparition Love you're my ghost on the dance floor
Apparition Love you're my ghost on the dance floor

The dreams
I remember my dreamsWhere do I turn to?
Girl if it ain't you
Why you be playing these games?
And all of my friends say
That you are sus, but
Girl I still fuck with you either way
You act like I don't know
When you say you're all alone
I know that you're with him
Girl I can't fuck with you anymore
Girl I can't fuck with you

Let's just state the obvious
Let's just state the truth
Let's just state the obvious
You're done with me and I'm done with you
You're done with me and I'm done with you
Done with me and I'm done with you

Alright, cigarettes and a sip of wine
You don't have a happy life so you shit on mine
You wanna cut me up, baby you should get in line
I know it burns right now, but you'll forget in time
That I used to be your man, remember?
That I used to hold your hand, remember?
You told me you would stay down for whatever
Keep it real any weather from November to November
Then came the life of the on-call barber
Where we walk around in all our armor
And if I'm bein' honest, I'm caught up in this contest
Of which L.A. male can ball out harder
Shit, probably me
We were doomed from the start, baby how did we meet?
I slipped you a smile I was fakin'
You was servin' bottles to me half naked
That was uncalled for, ego's out of control
So I had to let you go cause I'm stubborn
I wait a little bit of time
Now I'm readin' online you're fuckin' Jared Leto's brother
No offense to him if I see him at the Beverly
I'm 28 now, tryna figure my identity
The worst memories are the good memories
It's obvi' you were never meant for me

Let's just state the obvious
Let's just state the truth
Let's just state the truth
Let's just state the obvious
You're done with me and I'm done with you
Done with me and I'm done with you
You're done with me and I'm done with you
You're done with me and I'm done with you
You're done with me and I'm done with you
You're done with me and I'm done with you
You're done with me and I'm done with you
You're done with me and I'm done with youThere's only one that's good for me and I know it
And you know I got that satisfaction that you need
And I know I'm never home and it's hard just to trust me baby...
Don't leave... I'm coming back, it's you and me
It's only us I see
You are what I need

It's all the same thing
Never, had a, love, quite like you, baby
Like you, baby
It's all the same thing
Never, had a, love, quite like you, baby
Like you, baby
It's all the same thing
Never, had a, love, quite like you, baby
Like you, baby
It's all the same thing
Never, had a, love, quite like you, baby
Like you, baby

Too cold
Shining, icy
(Aye, what you do?) I had to add mink to the wardrobe
(Why?) To let the frost bite me (Let's go)
Cigarettes ain't my thing
But hell I got a light for your stogie, we can talk along the balcony
And who am I? Shi- you don't know I'm AP
Old soul, future brighter than a fuckin' high beam
And how your skin so shiny?
Body like agave
Chainsmoking, mouth like you grew up on a sailor boat
But dammit I like it
I think I found wifey
But then again I could be higher than a kite string
I said I think I might wife her
You know, powder blue jumpsuit, baby blue Huaraches
Let's just dance, the moment
We've been waiting for the chance to get lit
Is that your ass I'm holdin'?
You know I don't know ya'
But I know that you're one in a million
And I know you don't know me from a stranger
It's hard just to trust me, baby
But believe, I got what you need
There's no one like you, baby

It's all the same thing
Never, had a, love, quite like you, baby
Like you, baby
It's all the same thing
Never, had a, love, quite like you, baby
Like you, baby
It's all the same thing
Never, had a, love, quite like you, baby
Like you, baby
It's all the same thing
Never, had a, love, quite like you, baby
Like you, babyWell I've had one too many cigarettes burning up my lungs
Had the taste of one too many lips hanging of my tongue, oh, oh, oh, oh
Sunday morning getting high, drinking here alone
Thinking up a brand new alibi for not coming home, oh, oh, oh, oh
And I'm sorry I say "Fuck" so much

I'm not a saint, but I could be if I try
Lord knows I've got habits to break
I'm really good at being good at goodbyes
I'm gonna give you fair warning that I
I'm not a saint, but I could be if I try
Lord knows I don't learn from mistakes
And I'm not here unless I'm here by your side
I'm not a saint, but I could be if I

Sober up and settle down, give a little talk
'Bout how I can't keep from runnin' 'round
Say it's not your fault, oh, oh, oh, oh
And I'm sorry I lie so much

I'm not a saint, but I could be if I try
Lord knows I've got habits to break
I'm really good at being good at goodbyes
I'm gonna give you fair warning that I
I'm not a saint, but I could be if I try
Lord knows I don't learn from mistakes
And I'm not here unless I'm here by your side
I'm not a saint, but I could be if I try

Oh woah, oh woah, oh
Oh woah, oh woah, oh
Oh woah, oh woah, oh
I'm gonna give you fair warning that I
Will be the reason for the tears in your eyes

I'm not a saint, but I could be if I try
Lord knows I've got habits to break
I'm really good at being good at goodbyes
I'm gonna give you fair warning that I
I'm not a saint, but I could be if I try
Lord knows I don't learn from mistakes
And I'm not here unless I'm here by your side
I'm gonna give you fair warning that I

Oh woah, oh woah, oh
Oh woah, oh woah, oh
Oh woah, oh woah, oh

I'm not a saint, but I could be if I tryThey live a lifestyle that is comfortable
They travel far to keep their stomachs full
They make a living off of arts and crafts
The kind with seashells, driftwood and burlap
They make a deal when they would come to town
The Sunday swap meet is a battleground
She loves it more than he will ever know
He loves her more than he will ever show

Keeps his cigarettes close to his heart
Keeps her photographs close to her heart
Keeps the bitterness close to the heart

They live a lifestyle that is comfortable
They travel far to keep their stomachs full
They make a living off of arts and crafts
The kind with seashells, driftwood and burlap
They make a deal when they would come to town
The Sunday swap meet is a battleground
She loves it more than he will ever know
He loves her more than he will ever show

Keeps his cigarettes close to his heart
Keeps her photographs close to her heart
Keeps the bitterness close to the heart


They live a lifestyle that is comfortable
They travel far to keep their stomachs full
They make a living off of arts and crafts
The kind with seashells, driftwood and burlap
They make a deal when they would come to town
The Sunday swap meet is a battleground
She loves it more than she will ever know
He loves her more than he will ever show

Keeps his cigarettes close to his heart
Keeps her photographs close to her heart
Keeps the bitterness close to the heartTwelve o'clock.
Along the reaches of the street
Held in a lunar synthesis,
Whispering lunar incantations
Dissolve the floors of memory
And all its clear relations,
Its divisions and precisions,
Every street lamp that I pass
Beats like a fatalistic drum,
And through the spaces of the dark
Midnight shakes the memory
As a madman shakes a dead geranium.
Half-past one,
The street-lamp sputtered,
The street-lamp muttered,
The street-lamp said, "Regard that woman
Who hesitates toward you in the light of the door
Which opens on her like a grin.
You see the border of her dress
Is torn and stained with sand,
And you see the corner of her eye
Twists like a crooked pin."
The memory throws up high and dry
A crowd of twisted things;
A twisted branch upon the beach
Eaten smooth, and polished
As if the world gave up
The secret of its skeleton,
Stiff and white.
A broken spring in a factory yard,
Rust that clings to the form that the strength has left
Hard and curled and ready to snap.
Half-past two,
The street-lamp said,
"Remark the cat which flattens itself in the gutter
Slips out its tongue
And devours a morsel of rancid butter."
So the hand of the child, automatic,
Slipped out and pocketed a toy that was running along the quay.
I could see nothing behind that child's eye.
I have seen eyes in the street
Trying to peer through lighted shutters,
And a crab one afternoon in a pool,
An old crab with barnacles on his back,
Gripped the end of a stick which I held him.
Half-past three,
The lamp sputtered,
The lamp muttered in the dark.
The lamp hummed:
"Regard the moon,
La lune ne garde aucune rancune,
She winks a feeble eye,
She smiles into corners.
She smooths the hair of the grass.
The moon has lost her memory.
A washed-out smallpox cracks her face,
Her hand twists a paper rose,
That smells of dust and eau de Cologne,
She is alone
With all the old nocturnal smells
That cross and cross across her brain."
The reminiscence comes
Of sunless dry geraniums
And dust in crevices,
Smells of chestnuts in the streets,
And female smells in shuttered rooms,
And cigarettes in corridors
And cocktail smells in bars.
The lamp said,
"Four o'clock,
Here is the number on the door.
Memory!
You have the key,
The little lamp spreads a ring on the stair,
Mount.
The bed is open; the tooth-brush hangs on the wall,
Put your shoes at the door, sleep, prepare for life."
The last twist of the knife.Landed alone in a city that used to love me
Running from a six month winter that wants me back
I know it's summer, but Sydney's December is
More cold blooded than I remember and
These two bags are all that I have left

I got friends, I got friends
They don't love me like I love them
I got friends, I got friends
They don't love me like I love them
I love them

A snap glance between yourselves
When I don't get it right
Where do you go when I'm around?
These days are like the old days but you just care a little less
I don't blame you, I don't really like myself that much as well

I got friends, I got friends
They don't love me like I love them
I got friends, I got friends
They don't love me like I love them
I love them

Pack of cigarettes didn't stand a chance
Domestic airport on my own, welcome home
Pack of cigarettes didn't stand a chance
Domestic airport on my own, welcome home

I got friends, I got friends
They don't love me like I love them
I got friends, I got friends
They don't love me like I love them
I love them

Daydreamer
No one's gonna love you like you love them
It's like your old man said
"It's not your fault, you're just different"
Alone and different
Daydreamer
No one's going to love you like you love them
It's like your old man said
"It's not your fault, you're just different"
Alone and differentBury me in Hollywood forever
Underneath a starry sky
Marry me in Hollywood forever
Don't pretend you'll never die

Like movie stars in flashy cars
We talk like we know all the answers
Leatherette, candy cigarettes
There's nothing sexy about cancer
In your lungs
You make dying sound less fun

I don't want an education
From anybody else tonight
And I don't want to change the station
'Cause you're the only one I like at 2 AM
Kiss me again
I don't ever wanna find out how it ends

Kiss me harder than I thought you'd ever
On the 4th of July
Missed you harder than I thought I'd get to
We just never had the time

Like movie stars in flashy cars
We drive too fast right past each other
Leatherette and dad's in debt
We both have very pretty mothers
They look so young
And you make dying sound less fun

I don't want an education
From anybody else tonight
And I don't want to change the station
You're the only one that I like at 2 AM
Kiss me again
I don't ever wanna find out how it ends
Oh-oh, oh, oh

Ask me if it's alright
If you stay a little longer
Ask me if I'm alright
I might just tell you I'm a goner
If I say anything at all
Before I fall
AsleepI want a girl with a mind like a diamond
I want a girl who knows what's best
I want a girl with shoes that cut
And eyes that burn like cigarettes
I want a girl with the right allocations
Who is fast and thorough and sharp as a tack
She is playing with her jewelry, she is putting up her hair
She is touring the facility and picking up slack

I want a girl with a short skirt and a long jacket

I want a girl who gets up early (Gets up early)
I want a girl who stays up late (Stays up late)
I want a girl with uninterrupted prosperity (Uninterrupted)
Who uses a machete to cut through red tape
With fingernails that shine like justice
And a voice that is dark like tinted glass
She is fast, thorough, and sharp as a tack
She is touring the facility and picking up slack

I want a girl with a short skirt and a long, long jacket

I want a girl with a smooth liquidation (Smooth liquidation)
I want a girl with good dividends (Good dividends)
At Citibank we will meet accidentally (Meet accidentally)
We'll start to talk when she borrows my pen
She wants a car with a cup holder armrest
She wants a car that will get her there
She is changing her name from Kitty to Karen
She is trading her MG for a white Chrysler Le Baron

I want a girl with a short skirt and a long jacketBack to the streets where the kids are new
Love was around the corner from you
You played it well, like an old-time jive
Girl, I swear, I've never seen you look so alive

Back the train up on the path
Rolling off the tracks, no you'll never see it again
Wrote a song that you dug so much
Living it up with the boys and such

Oh, oh,  we won't go
Back to the room where we sold our souls
Oh, oh, we won't go
Oh, oh, boots and bros
Down with the shrine of American gold
Oh, oh, boots and bros

We moved in packs together, bounded by our oldest brothers
Oh, oh, oh
(oh, oh, oh, oh)
The night was ours for taking, rolling cigarettes and sneaking
O-o-out
(oh, oh, oh)
We sung our songs of youth and promised that we'd never lose it
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

Oh, we won't go
Back to the room where we sold our souls
Oh, we won't go
Oh, boots and bros
Down with the shrine of American gold
Oh, boots and brosWell I got caught in Panama City
Tryin' to buy some beer for some Georgia girls
And I got wore out by my daddy
For stealin' cigarettes from the Smokes and More
And all my friends would get away
Seems I'd get caught, plain as day
I took the blame for every little thing

But I got away with you
And somehow l still ain't been found out
It's a crazy truth
Like l strolled out the gates of Alcatraz
And l walked in the Louvre
Now the Mona Lisa's hanging in my house
I bust out of Buckingham with the crown jewels
And l got away with you

Well lookin' like you do
On its damn own, should be a crime
Let alone a fool like me
Hand in hand with you, should be doin' time
But here we are runnin' free
Guess someone turned the other cheek
'Cause there ain't no blue lights in the rear view

Guess I got away with you
And somehow l still ain't been found out
It's a crazy truth
Like l strolled out the gates of Alcatraz
And l walked in the Louvre
Now the Mona Lisa's hanging in my house
I bust out of Buckingham with the crown jewels
And l got away with you

I'll take it all, the fails, the falls
The county jails and one phone calls
I'd do it all again if I had to

'Cause I got away with you
Somehow girl, I still ain't been found out
It's a crazy truth
Like l strolled out the gates of Alcatraz
And l walked in the Louvre
Now the Mona Lisa's hanging in my house
I bust out of Buckingham with the crown jewels
And l got away with you
When l got away with you
Yeah, I got away with youYou know what it is when you hear that, haaaaan?
Double OT
Post Malone
I'm a new breed
Montana! Montana, haaan

I'm surfin', surfin', I'm surfin' on you
Wavy, I'm wavy, I'm wavy on you
Started from the block, yeah I was broke, I
They ain't give me no choice but slang that coca
Dealt with the hand I was dealt like poker
Came back with the 45, like Michael Jordan, like Jordan
Started rappin', they was laughin'
Bought a spaceship, bought a mansion, with J-Lo in the Hamptons
Diamonds dancin', I bought me a crib with a lake
Purple drank like grape, bitch jump off like Blake
Diamonds lookin' like steak
Been gettin' real money, since I was so young
Montana!

Saucin', saucin', I'm saucin' on you
I'm swaggin', I'm swaggin', I'm swaggin' oh ooh
I'm ballin', I'm ballin', Iverson on you
Watch out, watch out, watch out, yeah
That's my shot, that's my shot, that's my shot, yeah
Spendin', I'm spendin' all my fuckin' pay

Cigarettes and a headband
Commas, commas in my head, man
Slumped over like a dead man
Red and black, 'bout my bread, man
I'm the answer, never question
Lace up, learn a lesson
Bitch I'm saucin', I do this often, don't do no talkin'
My options right when I walk in, jump all them Jordans
I'm ballin', money jumpin'
Like I'm Davis from New Orleans
Or bitch I'm Harden, I don't miss nothin'
Fuck practice, this shit just happens, know y'all can't stand it
I have it, I'll never pass it, I work my magic
High average, ball on these bastards, it makes me happy
It's tragic, I make it happen, and all y'all Shaqtin'

White Iverson
When I started ballin' I was young
You gon' think about me when I'm gone
I need that money like the ring I never won, I won

Saucin', saucin', I'm saucin' on you
I'm swaggin', I'm swaggin', I'm swaggin' oh ooh
I'm ballin', I'm ballin', Iverson on you
Watch out, watch out, watch out, yeah
That's my shot, that's my shot, that's my shot, yeah
Spendin', I'm spendin' all my fuckin' pay

Yeah, Slim Jxmmi
I spend it as I get it, I'm ballin' with no limits
Fuck practice, I'm the illest livin'
Ain't no games or gimmicks, I'm defyin' physics
Flyin' through the air, saucin' with the hair, SKRRT SKRRT
Matte black Range, big diamond earrings
Keep a nigga on his game, I'm ballin' like AI
Somewhere in LA, high, secret Sunday, I
Blowin' all the bank
Young, Iverson
When I started ballin' I was young
I need that money like them rings I never won
I need that money for them rings I never won
SremmLife!

White Iverson
When I started ballin' I was young
You gon' think about me when I'm gone
I need that money like the ring I never won, I won

Saucin', saucin', I'm saucin' on you
I'm swaggin', I'm swaggin', I'm swaggin' oh ooh
I'm ballin', I'm ballin', Iverson on you
Watch out, watch out, watch out, yeah
That's my shot, that's my shot, that's my shot, yeah
Spendin', I'm spendin' all my fuckin' payBeen thinking about you
Your records are here
Your eyes are on my wall
Your teeth are over there
But I'm still no one
And you're my star
What do you care?

Been thinking about you
And there's no rest
Should I still love you
Still see you in bed
But I'm playing with myself
And what do you care when the other men are far, far better?

All the things you've got
All the things you need
Who bought you cigarettes
Who bribed the company to come and see you, honey?

I've been thinking about you
So how can you sleep?
These people aren't your friends
They're paid to kiss your feet
They don't know what I know
And why should you care, when I'm not there?


Been thinking about you
And there's no rest
Should I still love you
Still see you in bed
But I'm playing with myself
And what do you care, when I'm not there?

All the things you've got
That you'll never need
All the things you've got
I've bled and I bleed to please you

Been thinking about youI am the shit
I hold heat like cigarettes
No one else is doing this
Work this hard you get respect
I don't sleep, I dream awake
Swear this life's like make or break
I don't make I fix mistakes
Your life good, my life is great
This game is a bitch and I'm different, dude
I'm tryin' to fuck this bitch, she ain't in the mood
Seduce her quick
Everyone talkin' bout game needs change ain't changin' shit
Talk don't make it happen
I do not talk, I am just a rapper
Too tight need muscle relaxer
I'm what's next, just ask 'em

All I know
It's what I came for
Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, yeah
All I know
It's what I came for
Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, yeah

I wanna do this right
Leave my heart on stage when I hold a mic
And the game OT, no end in sight
So I write in my sleep, I don't say good night
This must be how the angels felt
I hope that I don't Corey Haim myself
I know that I drink an insane amount
'Cause it helps with the joy and the pain of wealth
These guys don't seem like the friends I need
And they hang backstage drinking beers for free
My mom and my dad in the balcony
The one time that I hope they look down on me
'Cause they proud of me
They call me a role model
Even though my hand glued to that gin bottle
I keep my career going full throttle
Even though the pain will follow

All I know
It's what I came for
Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, yeah
All I know
It's what I came for
Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, yeah(What's your name fool?)
Rappers stepping to me, they wanna get some
But most of them should go and try to boost their monthly income
Speaking over beats is the only time I feel complete
I don't hear the weak and I don't fear defeat
So what you got?
Connect the dots, I'll raise the pot
Remove the blood clot from the brain of hip hop
The name remains in tip-top shape
I'm still the wack rapper, scapegoat, in the aim of their hate
I came in late, took a chair in the rear
But my classmates were unaware how long I'd really been there
My peers have been held back for years, holding back the tears
Everybody knows our name like we was the cast from "Cheers"
So here's to the good times, tonight is mighty special
So fasten your seatbelts, cause I'm gonna launch this vessel
Ain't gonna land until I'm bigger than Espo
And bigger than ecstasy and bigger than techno
:
I wanna bigger than Jesus and bigger than wrestling
Bigger than the Beatles and bigger than breast implants
I'm gonna be the biggest thing to hit these little kids
Bigger than guns, bigger than cigarettes
A few years ago an ex-girl of mine
Asked me to keep her name out of my rhymes
So I said this rhyme that I'm about to say
It came from the heart and it went this way:
Go to hell girl, you make me sick!
I hope your new boyfriend gets cancer in his dick
What the fuck makes you think I'd put your name on my record?
Yeah, now I feel a lot better
You know what?
I ain't drank a forty since I became old enough to drink
Not caught up in what the fuck these people think
Cause when I die they're gonna find the missing link
But tonight I'm gonna vomit in the kitchen sink
I'm suprised more of y'all don't get hit by cars
Missing your surroundings, staring at the stars
I'm lonely without a woman that wants to spar
That's why I spent so much time in these bars
Drunk poolside, screaming, "Do or die!"
Looking at the water asking, "Who am I?"
Saw my reflection, Yes! I'm super fly!
And as you can guess again, I'm too damn high

(What'd they say to you?)
But they said, "Drop dead."
I can't, I got a lot left
More than just another arrogant, asshole pot-head
In the top ten, who you love to hear on tracks
Smiling for the camera while I surf upon your ear wax
This beers flat and she kisses like a stripper
I'm coming to terms with my status as a drifter
Girl, I'm only in this town for one night
And these neon lights are keeping me distracted from my plight
I feel like a legend on a leash
Making an effort to break every piece that I can reach
Yeah, I got something to say, and even more to teach
But first let me scrape these feces from my cleats
Standing on the roof, complaining to the moon
The only time I tell the truth is when I'm naked in my bedroom
Soon I'm gonna reap the harvest of my struggles
But from now on, y'all can call me Sluggo

Bigger than Jesus
Bigger than wrestling
Bigger than the Beatles
Bigger than breast implants
(x2)
Bigger than guns, bigger than cigarettesCoffee black, cigarettes
Start this day, like all the rest
First thing every morning that I do
Is start missing you
Some broken hearts never mend
Some memories never end
Some tears will never dry
My love for you will never die
Rendezvous in the night
A willing woman to hold me tight
But in the middle of love's embrace
I see your face
Some broken hearts never mend
Some memories never end
Some tears will never dry
My love for you will never dieVincenzo Coccotti: Frankie,
tell Luca to go outside
and do you know what.
Do you know who I am, Mr. Worley?
Clifford Worley: I give up. Who are you?
Coccotti: I'm the Anti-Christ.
You've got me in a vendetta kind of mood. You tell the angels in heaven
you've never seen evil so singularly personified
as you did in the face of the man who killed you. My name is Vincent Coccotti.
I work as counsel for Mr. Blue Lou Boyle,
the man your son stole from. I hear you were once a cop,
so I can assume you've heard of us before.
Am I correct?
Clifford: I've heard of Blue Lou Boyle.
Coccotti: I'm glad. Hopefully that will clear up the "How full of shit am I?"
question you've been asking yourself.
Coccotti: We're gonna have a little Q&A and at the risk of sounding redundant,
please make your answers genuine.
You want a Chesterfield?
Clifford: No.
Coccotti: I have a son of my own. About your boy's age.
I can imagine how painful this must be for you. But Clarence
and that bitch-whore girlfriend of his brought this all on themselves. I implore you
not to go down that road with them.
You can always take comfort in the fact you never had a choice.
Clifford: Look I'd like to help you if I could, but I...
haven't seen Clarence.
Coccotti: You see that?

Clifford:Gah! Fuck!
Coccotti:That smarts, doesn't it?
Getting slammed in the nose. Fucks you all up.
You get that pain shootin' through your brain, your eyes fill up with water.
That ain't any kind of fun,
but what I have to offer you, that's as good as
it's gonna get.
And it won't ever get that good again.
We talked to your neighbors. They saw a Cadillac.
Purple Cadillac. Clarence's purple Cadillac,
parked in front of your trailer yesterday.
Mr. Worley, you seen your son?
Clifford: I seen him.
Coccotti: I can't be sure of how much of what he told you, so
in the chance you're in the dark about some of this, let me shed some light.
That whore your boy hangs around with,
her pimp is an associate of mine, and I don't just mean pimpin',
in other affairs he works for me in a courier capacity.
Well, apparently, that dirty little whore found out when we're gonna do some business,
'cause your son, the cowboy, and his flame, came in the room blazing,
and didn't stop 'till they were pretty sure everybody was dead.
Clifford: What are you talkin' about?
Coccotti: Talkin' about a massacre.
They snatched my narcotics, hightailed it outta there.
Woulda got away with it, but your son,
fuckhead that he is,
left his driver's license in the dead guy's hand. 
Clifford: You know, I don't believe you.
Coccotti: That's of minor importance,
what is of major fucking importance is that I believe you.
Where'd they go?
Clifford: On their honeymoon.
Coccotti: I'm getting angry
asking the same question a second time.
Where did they go?
Clifford: They didn't tell me.
Now you just wait a minute and listen to me. I haven't seen Clarence in three years.
He shows up yesterday with a young girl, sayin' that he got married.
He ask uh for, uh, some quick cash to go on a honeymoon,
he asked if he could borrow five hundred dollars.
I felt like helping him so I wrote him out a check.
We went to breakfast in the morning
and that's the last I saw of him.
So help me God.
They never thought to tell me where they were goin'.
And I never thought to ask.
[Coccotti nods at a henchman, who cuts Clifford's hand and pours alcohol on the wound.
Clifford screams in pain, gritting his teeth.
Luca returns from outside, closing the door behind him.]
Luca:(In Italian) Don Vincenzo, nothing is there.
Coccotti:(Also in Italian) That is not good.
(In English, to Clifford) You know,
Sicilians are great liars.
The best in the world.
I'm Sicilian. My father was the world heavyweight champion of Sicilian liars.
From growin' up with him I learned the pantomime.
There are seventeen different things a guy can do when he lies to give himself away.
A guy's got seventeen pantomimes.
A woman's got twenty, a guy's got seventeen. But
if you know 'em
like you know your own face, they beat lie detectors all to hell. Now,
what we got here is a little game of show and tell.
You don't wanna show me nothin'. But you're tellin' me everything.
I know you know where they are. So
tell me,
before I do some damage you won't walk away from.

Clifford: Could I have  one of those Chesterfields now?
Coccotti: Sure.
Clifford: You got a 
match? Oh wait no no,
don't bother. I got one.
Clifford: You're Sicilian, huh?
Coccotti: Yeah, Sicilian.
Clifford: You know,
I read a lot.
Especially about things in, uh,
about history.
I find that shit fascinating.
Here's a fact, I don't know whether you know or not,
Sicilians ... were spawned by niggers.
Coccotti: Come again? 
Clifford:No, i-i-it's a fact.
You see, uh,
Sicilians have black blood
pumpin' through their hearts.
If you don't believe me, you can look it up.
Hundreds and hundreds of years ago,
you see, the Moors conquered Sicily.
And the Moors are niggers.
Coccotti: Yes...
Clifford: So you see, way back then, uh,
Sicilians were like, uh,
wops from Northern Italy. Ah, they all had blonde hair and blue eyes,
but, uh, well, then the Moors moved in there,
and uh, well, they changed the whole country.
They did so much fucking with Sicilian women,
huh? That they changed the whole bloodline forever.
That's why blonde hair and blue eyes became
black hair and dark skin.
You know, it's absolutely amazing to me to think that to this day,
hundreds of years later,
that, uh,
that Sicilians still carry that nigger gene.
Now this...
Clifford: No, I'm, no, I'm quoting...
history.
It's written.
It's a fact, it's written.
Coccotti:  I love this guy.
 This guy.
Clifford: Your ancestors are niggers! Uh-huh.
Hey.
Yeah. And, and your great-great-great-great grandmother
fucked a nigger,
ho, ho, yeah,
and she had a half-nigger kid...
now, if that's a fact, tell me,
am I lying?
'Cause you,
 you're part
eggplant.
Coccotti: Ohhh!
Clifford: Huh?
 Hey! Hey! Hey!
Coccotti: You're a cantaloupe.  Ohhh! This guy, beautiful.
[He kisses Clifford on the cheeks, then whispers something to his henchman,
stopping to turn around and chuckle at Clifford.
He continues, then turns around to reveal he was getting a gun from his henchman.
He lifts it and shoots Clifford in the head three times.]
Coccotti: I haven't killed anybody
 since 1984.
 Go over to this comedian's son's apartment,
come back with something that tells me where that
asshole went, so I can wipe this egg off my face...There's trouble where I'm going
But I'm gonna go there anyway
I hate Sunday mornings
Cause they always seem to start this way
I'm looking for a lighter
I already bought the cigarettes
Guess I picked me up a habit
On my way out of Lafayette
Eastbound and Down
I turn it up 'cause that's sure how I feel
My mind is racing through the pines
My hands are shaky on the steering wheel
I'm going north on 59 but I know good and well
I'm headed south
'Cause me and Birmingham
Don't have a history of working out

What I lost in Louisiana
I found back in Alabama
But nobody ever taught me how to stay
It ain't love that I'm chasing
But I'm running just in case

I ain't unpacked my suitcase
Since the day that I turned twenty one
It's been a long ten years since then
It's getting kinda cumbersome
The first one and the last one
And the one that's got my name in ink
The smoker and the fighter
And the one in every song I sing

What I lost in Lubbock, Texas
I looked for in all the rest
But I guess no one ever taught me how to stay
It ain't love that I'm chasing
But I'm running just in case

I carry them around with me
I don't mind having scars
Happiness ain't prison
But there's freedom in a broken heartYou throw me around like your rag doll
And throw me away like your cigarettes
Then pick up the pieces of whatever's left
Of me, they're yours to keep
A million and one ways that I've tried
To turn it around, leave it all behind
But every time you turn out to be
One step ahead of me

Lost in reality
I can feel you in the dark when I fall asleep
All that’s in my head are pictures of memories
Words that you said to me
Hey hey, Hailey, won't you save me?
Bittersweet chemistry
I can't escape you anywhere, even in my dreams
All that’s in my head are pictures of memories
Words that you said to me
Hey hey, Hailey, won't you save me?

Under all the lights in the night sky
You drift away, then you disappear
Counting the days 'til I bring you back
To me, eventually
My strung-out heart needs your angel eyes
They tear me apart and I'm hypnotised
Let's pick up the pieces of whatever's left
Of me, they're yours to keep

Lost in reality
I can feel you in the dark when I fall asleep
All that’s in my head are pictures of memories
Words that you said to me
Hey hey, Hailey, won't you save me?
Bittersweet chemistry
I can't escape you anywhere, even in my dreams
All that’s in my head are pictures of memories
Words that you said to me
Hey hey, Hailey, won't you save me?

Lost in reality
I can feel you in the dark when I fall asleep
All that’s in my head are pictures of memories
Words that you said to me
Hey hey, Hailey, won't you save me?

Lost in reality
I can feel you in the dark when I fall asleep
All that’s in my head are pictures of memories
Words that you said to me
Hey hey, Hailey, won't you save me?
Bittersweet chemistry
I can't escape you anywhere, even in my dreams
All that’s in my head are pictures of memories
Words that you said to me
Hey hey, Hailey, won't you save me?Dreaming, I was only dreaming
Of another place and time, where my family's from
Singing, I can hear them singing
When the rain had washed away all these scattered dreams
Dying, everyone's reminded
Hearts are washed in misery, drenched in gasoline
Laughter, there is no more laughter
Songs of yesterday now live in the underground...

Ooh, life before the lobotomy
Christian sang the eulogy
Sign my love a lost memory
From the end of the century

Well, it's enough to make you sick
To cast a stone and throw a brick
But when the sky is falling down
It burned your dreams into the ground

Christian's lesson's what he's been sold (Hey!)
We are normal and self-controlled (Hey!)
Remember to learn to forget (Hey!)
Whiskey shots and cheap cigarettes

Well, I'm not stoned, I'm just fucked up
I got so high, I can't stand up
Well, I'm not cursed 'cause I've been blessed
I'm not in love, 'cause I'm a mess

Like refugees, ooh, we're lost like refugees, ooh
Like refugees, ooh, we're lost like refugees, ooh
The brutality of reality
Is the freedom that keeps me from...

Dreaming, I was only dreaming
Of another place and time, where my family's from
Singing, I can hear them singing
When the rain had washed away all these scattered dreams
Dying, everyone's reminded
Hearts are washed in misery, drenched in gasoline
Laughter, there is no more laughter
Songs of yesterday now live in the underground...I don't know why I love her like I do
All the changes you put me through
Take my money, my cigarettes
I haven't seen the worst of it yet

I wanna know, can you tell me
Am I in love to stay?

Take me to the river, drop me in the water
Take me to the river, dip me in the water
Washing me down, washing me down

I don't know why you treat me so bad
Think of all the things that we could have had
Love is a notion that I can't forget
My sweet sixteen I would never regret

I wanna know, can you tell me?
Am I in love to stay?

Take me to the river, drop me in the water
Push me in the river, dip me in the water
Washing me down, washing me

Hug me, squeeze me, love me, tease me
Till I can't, till I can't, I can't take no more

Dip me in the water, drop me in the river
Push me in the water, drop me in the river
Washing me down, washing me down

I don't know why I love her like I do
All the trouble you put me through
Sixteen candles there on my wall
And here am I, the biggest fool of them all

I wanna know, can you tell me?
Am I in love to stay?

Take me to the river, drop me in the water
Dip me in the river, drop me in the water
Washing me down, washing me down
Ooh, a-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya

Ooh, a na na na
A na na na na, ah!
A na na na, hoo!
A na na na, ooh!
A na na na na, hoo!
Ha! Na na na na, ah!
Na na na na na
Na na na naThe cash machine is blue and green
For a hundred in twenties and a small service fee
I could spend three dollars and sixty-three cents
On Diet Coca-Cola and unlit cigarettes
I wonder why we listen to poets when nobody gives a fuck
How hot and sorrowful, this machine begs for luck

All my lies are always wishes
I know I would die if I could come back new

I want a good life with a nose for things
Fresh wind and bright sky to enjoy my suffering
A hole without a key if I break my tongue
Speaking of tomorrow, how will it ever come?

All my lies are always wishes
I know I would die if I could come back new

I'm down on my hands and knees every time the doorbell rings
I shake like a toothache when I hear myself sing

All my lies are only wishes
I know I would die if I could come back new

I would like to salute
The ashes of American flags
And all the fallen leaves
Filling up shopping bagsWhen I wake up, I look into the mirror
I can see a clearer, vision, I should start living today
Cause today is gonna be the day, is gonna be the day
Cause today is gonna be the day, is gonna be the day

Yeah, it's like everyday I wake up, I stare into space and don't say much
Peer in the mirror, feeling dead from the face up
Coffee pots, cigarettes, morning J's, Baileys
Slowing down my day before it picks up the pace
Beats playing since the night before, thinking about writing songs
Feeling exhausted from times we toured constant
And plus the toxins I sip got me tall
Still tipsy, staring at the city from the spot we call Los Angeles
Every day is like a blank canvas
Carving my initials in the planet like I brand it
Hand picked to live this life we take for granted
Like a child with an upright bass, we can't stand it
Smiling through the trouble we face, tryna manage
My way without pumping my brakes and staying stagnant
Cause I can sit on my ass or just imagine
The madness I did on my path and paint the canvas

When I wake up, I look into the mirror
I can see a clearer, vision, I should start living today
Cause today is gonna be the day, is gonna be the day
Cause today is gonna be the day, is gonna be the day

Before I rise and shine like a neon sign
I need the girl of my dreams to give me Einstein
And burn the marijuan' like Buju Banton
It's my only bonafide break from these confines
I need a change of scenery like a montage
These kids bringing me the noise like the Bomb Squad
And everybody coming at me from the blindside
I'm tired, it's hard to open up my eyes wide
I listen to some theme music on the iPod
And walk around the crib doing little odd jobs
Checking my breath, take a view from this high rise
Feeling like I'm checking out a game from the sideline
I got to try different things in these trying times
2010 is different than it was in '9-5
It's come alive time, I picked a fine time
For getting open off life like a fine wine

When I wake up, I look into the mirror
I can see a clearer, vision, I should start living today
Cause today is gonna be the day, is gonna be the day
Cause today is gonna be the day, is gonna be the day

Uh, yeah, Sunday morning, plan my day out
Whole new blueprint, brand new layout
Deep down still don't know if it'll play out
But for the first time, feel like I done found a way out
Skin getting clearer and it feel like I lost weight
Stop and say a prayer for the times I lost faith
Troubles of the world had me in a cross-face
Chicken-wing, sickening, living so off-base
But now it's like I'm in the last lap of the car chase
And I finally understand my right to choose
My preacher man told me it could always be worse
Even the three-legged dog still got three good legs to lose
So you can stop and refresh the rules
Breathe in, breathe out, let it heal all your exit wounds
Something inside said that's the move
And maybe today I'll restart fresh and new

When I wake up, I look into the mirror
I can see a clearer, vision, I should start living today
Cause today is gonna be the day, is gonna be the day
Cause today is gonna be the day, is gonna be the day
Is gonna be the day, is gonna be the day
Is gonna be the day, is gonna be the day
Is gonna be the day, is gonna be the day
Is gonna be the dayDown on Cyprus Avenue
With a childlike vision leaping into view
Clicking, clacking of the high-heeled shoe
Ford and Fitzroy, Madame George
Marching with the soldier boy behind
He's much older now with hat on drinking wine
And that smell of sweet perfume comes drifting through
The cool night air like Shalimar
And outside they're making all the stops
The kids out in the street collecting bottle-tops
Gone for cigarettes and matches in the shops
Happy taken Madame George
That's when you fall
Whoa, that's when you fall
Yeah, that's when you fall
When you fall into a trance
Sitting on a sofa playing games of chance
With your folded arms and history books
You glance into the eyes of Madame George
And you think you found the bag
You're getting weaker and your knees begin to sag
In the corner playing dominoes in drag
The one and only Madame George
And then from outside the frosty window raps
She jumps up and says, Lord, have mercy I think that it's the cops
And immediately drops everything she gots
Down into the street below
And you know you gotta go
On that train from Dublin up to Sandy Row
Throwing pennies at the bridges down below
And the rain, hail, sleet, and snow
Say goodbye to Madame George
Dry your eye for Madame George
Wonder why for Madame George
And as you leave, the room is filled with music
Laughing, music, dancing, music all around the room
And all the little boys come around, walking away from it all
So cold, and as you're about to leave
She jumps up and says, hey love, you forgot your gloves
And the loves to love to love the love
To say goodbye to Madame George
Dry your eye for Madame George
Wonder why for Madame George
Dry your eyes for Madame George
Say goodbye in the wind and the rain on the back street
In the backstreet, in the back street
Say goodbye to Madame George
In the backstreet, in the back street, in the back street
Down home, down home in the back street
Gotta go, say goodbye, goodbye, goodbye
Dry your eye, your eye, your eye, your eye, your eye
Say goodbye to Madame George
And the loves to love to love the love
Say goodbye
Say goodbye goodbye, goodbye, goodbye to Madame George
Dry your eye for Madame George
Wonder why for Madame George
The love's to love, the love's to love, the love's to love
Say goodbye, goodbye
Get on the train
Get on the train, the train, the train
This is the train, this is the train
Whoa, say goodbye, goodbye
Get on the train, get on the trainI am sitting over coffee and cigarettes at my friend Rita's and I am telling her about it.
Here is what I tell her.
It is late of a slow Wednesday when Herb seats the fat man at my station.
This fat man is the fattest person I have ever seen, though he is neat-appearing and well dressed enough. Everything about him is big. But it is the fingers I remember best. When I stop at the table near his to see to the old couple, I first notice the fingers. They look three times the size of a normal person's fingers—long, thick, creamy fingers.
I see to my other tables, a party of four businessmen, very demanding, another party of four, three men and a woman, and this old couple. Leander has poured the fat man's water, and I give the fat man plenty of time to make up his mind before going over.
Good evening, I say. May I serve you? I say.
Rita, he was big, I mean big.
Good evening, he says. Hello. Yes, he says. I think we're ready to order now, he says.
He has this way of speaking—strange, don't you know. And he makes a little puffing sound every so often.
I think we will begin with a Caesar salad, he says. And then a bowl of soup with some extra bread and butter, if you please. The lamb chops, I believe, he says. And baked potato with sour cream. We'll see about dessert later. Thank you very much, he says, and hands me the menu.
God, Rita, but those were fingers.
I hurry away to the kitchen and turn in the order to Rudy, who take it with a face. You know Rudy. Rudy is that way when he works.
As I come out of the kitchen, Margo—I've told you about Margo? The one who chases Rudy? Margo says to me, Who's your fat friend? He's really a fatty.
Now that's part of it. I think that is really part of it.
I make the Caesar salad there at his table, him watching my every move, meanwhile buttering pieces of bread and laying them off to one side, all the time making this puffing noise. Anyway, I am so keyed up or something, I knock over his glass of water.
I'm so sorry, I say. It always happens when you get into a hurry. I'm very sorry, I say. Are you all right? I say. I'll get the boy to clean up right away, I say.
It's nothing, he says. It's all right, he says, and he puffs. Don't worry about it, we don't mind, he says. He smiles and waves as I go off to get Leander, and when I come back to serve the salad, I see the fat man has eaten all his bread and butter.
A little later, when I bring him more bread, he has finished his salad. You know the size of those Caesar salads?
You're very kind, he says. This bread is marvelous, he says.
Thank you, I say.
Well, it is very good, he says, and we mean that. We don't often enjoy bread like this, he says.
Where are you from? I ask him. I don't believe I've seen you before, I say.
He's not the kind of person you'd forget, Rita puts in with a snicker.
Denver, he says.
I don't say anything more on the subject, though I am curious.
Your soup will be along in a few minutes, sir, I say, and go off to put the finishing touches to my party of four businessmen, very demanding.
When I serve his soup, I see the bread has disappeared again. He is just putting the last piece of bread into his mouth.
Believe me, he says, we don't eat like this all the time, he says. And puffs. You'll have to excuse us, he says.
Don't think a thing about it, please, I say. I like to see a man eat and enjoy himself, I say.
I don't know, he says. I guess that's what you'd call it. And puffs. He arranges the napkin. Then he picks up his spoon.
God, he's fat! Says Leander.
He can't help it, I say, so shut up.
I put down another basket of bread and more butter. How was the soup? I say.
Thank you. Good, he says. Very good, he says. He wipes his lips and dabs his chin. Do you think it's warm in here, or is it just me? he says.
No, it is warm in here, I say.
Maybe we'll take off our coat, he says.
Go right ahead, I say. A person has to be comfortable, I say.
That's true, he says, that is very, very true, he says.
But I see a little later that he is still wearing his coat.
My large parties are gone now and also the old couple. The place is emptying out. By the time I serve the fat man his chops and baked potato, along with more bread and butter, he is the only one left.
I drop lots of sour cream onto his potato. I sprinkle bacon and chives over his sour cream. I bring him more bread and butter.
Is everything all right? I say.
Fine, he says, and he puffs. Excellent, thank you, he says, and puffs again.
Enjoy your dinner, I say. I raise the lid of his sugar bowl and look in. He nods and keeps looking at me until I move away.
I know now I was after something. But I don't know what.
How is old tub-of-guts doing? He's going to run your legs off, says Harriet. You know Harriet.
For dessert, I say to the fat man, there is the Green Lantern Special, which is a pudding cake with sauce, or there is cheesecake or vanilla ice cream or pineapple sherbet.
We're not making you late, are we? He says, puffing and looking concerned.
Not at all, I say. Of course not, I say. Take your time, I say. I'll bring you more coffee while you make up your mind.
We'll be honest with you, he says. And he moves in the seat. We would like the Special, but we may have a dish of vanilla ice cream as well. With just a drop of chocolate syrup, if you please. We told you we were hungry, he says.
I go off to the kitchen to see after his dessert myself, and Rudy says, Harriet says you got a fat man from the circus out there. That true?
Rudy has his apron and hat off now, if you see what I mean.
Rudy, he is fat, I say, but that is not the whole story.
Rudy just laughs.
Sounds to me like she's sweet on fat-stuff, he says.
Better watch out, Rudy, says Joanne, who just that minute comes into the kitchen.
I'm getting jealous, Rudy says to Joanne.
I put the Special in front of the fat man and a big bowl of vanilla ice cream with chocolate syrup to the side.
Thank you, he says.
You are very welcome, I say—and a feeling comes over me.
Believe it or not, he says, we have not always eaten like this.
Me, I eat and I eat and I can't gain, I say. I'd like to gain, I say.
No, he says. If we had our choice, no. But there is no choice.
Then he picks up his spoon and eats.
What else? Rita says, lighting one of my cigarettes and pulling her chair closer to the table. This story's getting interesting now, Rita says.
That's it. Nothing else. He eats his desserts, and then he leaves and then we go home, Rudy and me.
Some fatty, Rudy says, stretching like he does when he's tired. The he laughs and goes back to watching the TV.
I put the water on to boil for tea and take a shower. I put my hand on my middle and wonder what would happen if I had children and one of them turned out to look like that, so fat.
I pour the water in the pot, arrange the cups, the sugar bowl, carton of half and half, and take the tray in to Rudy. As if he's been thinking about it, Rudy says, I knew a fat guy once, a couple of fat guys, really fat guys, when I was a kid. They were tubbies, my God. I don't remember their names. Fat, that's the only name this one kid had. We called him Fat, the kid who lived next door to me. He was a neighbor. The other kid came along later. His name was Wobbly. Everybody called him Wobbly except the teachers. Wobbly and Fat. Wish I had their picture, Rudy says.
I can't think of anything to say, so we drink our tea and pretty soon I get up to go to bed. Rudy gets up too, turns off the TV, locks the front door, and begins his unbuttoning.
I get into bed and move clear over to the edge and lie there on my stomach. But right away, as soon as he turns off the light and gets into bed, Rudy begins. I turn on my back and relax some, though it is against my will. But here is the thing. When he gets on me, I suddenly feel I am fat. I feel I am terrifically fat, so fat that Rudy is a tiny thing and hardly there at all.
That's a funny story, Rita says, but I can see she doesn't know what to make of it.
I feel depressed. But I won't go into it with her. I've already told her too much.
She sits there waiting, her dainty fingers poking her hair.
Waiting for what? I'd like to know.
It is August.
My life is going to change. I feel it."You're not punk and I'm telling everyone."
Save your breath, I never was one
You don't know what I'm all about
Like killing cops and reading Kerouac

My enemies are all too familiar
They're the ones who used to call me friend
I'm coloring outside your guidelines
I was passing out when you were passing out your rules
One, two, three, four
Who's punk? What's the score?

Got a friend, her name is Boxcar
Cigarettes and beer in El Sob
Her hair was blue, now it's green
I like her mind, she hates the scene

My enemies are all too familiar
They're the ones who used to call me friend
I'm coloring outside your guidelines
I was passing out when you were passing out your rules
One, two, three, four
Who's punk? What's the score?

You're on your own
You're all alone
You're on your own
You're all alone
You're on your own
You're all alone
You're on your own
You're all aloneBaby has a broken heart
She can't belong to only one
Until another girl is found
I don't pay for anything
My cigarettes or diamonds rings
My feet don't even touch the ground

Chariots of gold, I ride with Jay-Z, Jared Leto
I'm a superpower, now they call me the tornado
I got roses in my hair, I belly dance, and do the tango
Sometimes I get lonely
Everybody told me no

No one lives forever, but that's no reason to give up
Don't you wanna fall in love?
No such thing as heaven
And I'm the last girl on Earth
So baby, let's get it on

Cleopatra used to rule
But she got nothing on me now
'Cause I'm the last girl on earth
I turn the television on
They only play my favorite song
Since I'm the last girl on Earth

Chariots of gold, I'm sitting, sipping cherry cola
Caesar said he'd fall in love with me if I was older
I own all of Mexico and I got my own roller-coaster
Sometimes I get lonely, millions can hold me now

No one lives forever, but that's no reason to give up
Don't you wanna fall in love?
No such thing as heaven
And I'm the last girl on Earth
So baby, let's get it on

I stay up late at night, try not to think about it
Pretend I'm happy, ruling all the world without love
I get so tired being on display somehow
Sometimes I get lonely, but millions all know me now

No one lives forever, but that's no reason to give up
Don't you wanna fall in love?
There's no such thing as heaven
And I'm the last girl on Earth
So baby, let's get it on
No such thing as heaven
And I'm the last girl on Earth
So baby, let's get it onI spent all my money on a pack of cigarettes
For a lady, that I love with a name I forget
That night I taught her how to laugh
She taught me how to slow dance
I tried to take her home, she said 'you don't stand a chance'
I'm the closest thing my mother had to a daughter
I used to be ashamed of that, but now I'm kind of flattered
I learn that my weakness is a weapon anyway
So I haven't touched a pretty thing in 40 days

Everything is alright
If only for the night
I forgot what it feels like

I set out on a dream that I couldn't understand
It made me happy, sad, love, lonely and I don't know what I had
A few too many favours from a few too many fake friends
I wake up in the afternoon and do it all again
Yeah, I punched a man on his wedding night
I'm still trying to figure out how to apologize
I learned that morning, I can't fix nothing anyway
So I haven't touched a pretty thing in 40 days

Everything is alright
If only for the night
I forgot what it feels like
Everything is alright
If only for the night
I forgot what it feels like
(Can you feel it, baby?)
(I can feel it baby, I feel it coming through)

Everything is alright
If only for the night
I forgot what it feels like
Everything is alright
If only for the night
I forgot what it feels like

I spent all my money on a pack of cigarettes
For a lady that I love with the name I forget
And I learned that morning, I can't fix nothing anyway
So I haven't touched a pretty thing in 40 daysYou feel like cigarettes and paradise
I feel like I'm about to lose my mind
You know so many little things that get to me
And somehow that just turns me on

Do you ever see how sexy you look
When we yell and scream at each other?
Nobody wants war in the night time
Who really wants war in the fight?

We should just calm down and fuck sometime
Every time, I lose you in my mind
Just lose control
Stop wasting time
My body's yours
And your body's mine
Unleash your soul
Do something when I say go

I feel the mirror in your pair of eyes
You feel like you're about to lose your mind
I wanna hate you for the things you say to me
But i just don't know how

Do you ever see how sexy you look
When we yell and scream at each other?
Nobody wants war in the night time
Your lips are like wine to mine

We should just calm down and fuck sometime
Every time, I lose you in my mind
Just lose control
Stop wasting time
My body's yours
And your body's mine
Unleash your soul
Do something when I say goYou and I should get away for a while
I just wanna be alone with your smile
Buy some candy and cigarettes, and we'll get in my car
We'll blast the stereo and we'll drive to Madagascar

'Cause when I'm with you, there's nothing I wouldn't do
I just wanna be your only one
I'm grasping out at straws, thinking back to what I saw
That night on the floor when we were all alone

My love life was getting so bland
There are only so many ways I can make love with my hand
Sometimes it makes me want to laugh
Sometimes I wanna take my toaster in the bath

'Cause when I'm with you, there's nothing I wouldn't do
I just wanna be your only one
I'm grasping out at straws, thinking back to what I saw
That night on the floor when we were all alone


Who's gonna be the odd man out?
I don't wanna be the odd man out
Is this going to be the end
Or are you going to be my new girlfriend?We are runnin' so fast
And we never look back
And whatever I lack
You make up
We make a really good team
And though not everyone sees
We got this crazy chemistry
Between us
Jump starting your car cause this city's a bore
Buying e-cigarettes at the convenience store
Making new clichés on our own little tour
Let's ride

You don't have to say I love you to say I love you
Forget all the shooting stars and all the silver moons
We've been making shades of purple out of red and blue
Sickeningly sweet like honey, don't need money
All I need is you
All I need is you

We try staying up late
But we both are light weights
Yeah we get off our face, too easy
And we take jokes way too far
And sometimes living's too hard
We're like two halves of one heart

You don't have to say I love you to say I love you
Forget all the shooting stars and all the silver moons
We've been making shades of purple out of red and blue
Sickeningly sweet like honey, don't need money
All I need is you
All I need is you

We're not a commercial for everyone else
We go out for coffee and keep it to ourselves
We make little homes out of three star hotels
I know what you're feeling cause I feel it as well

You don't have to say I love you to say I love you
Forget all the shooting stars and all the silver moons
We've been making shades of purple out of red and blue
Sickeningly sweet like honey, don't need money
All I need is you
All I need is youYeah
Right here?

Fight just to fuck, just to fight again
World War III justified in bed
Mess me up, now we ain't even friends
But the truth is I'm kind of tired of

Pretending that I was the guilty one
I wasn't feeling up no one but you, yeah
Lessons that I just can't seem to learn
I never thought you'd leave me two for two again

Lights out, strike out, I doubt
You'll ever find anyone
These bitches can't measure up, no
Lights out, strike out, I doubt
You'll ever find anyone
These bitches can't measure up
To my ankles
Levels? (Nah) Levels? (Nah)
Ankles
These bitches don't make it to my ankles
Levels? (Nah) Levels? (Nah)
Ankles

Strippers and liquor and cigarettes
Apologize, but your Twitter said "No regrets"
I'd kill for a mute button in my head
You are right, but I'm tired of

Pretending that I was the guilty one
I wasn't feeling up no one but you, yeah
Lessons that I just can't seem to learn
I never thought you'd leave me two for two again

Lights out, strike out, I doubt
You'll ever find anyone
These bitches can't measure up (Yah)
Lights out, strike out, I doubt
You'll ever find anyone
These bitches can't measure up
To my ankles (Period)
Levels? (Nah) Levels? (Nah)
Ankles (No, they don't)
These bitches don't make it to my ankles (Nah, nah, nah)
Levels? (Nah) Levels? (Nah)
Ankles

Two feet, you're shallow
Too real, I know too well
Backwoods, you high
Backwards, two feet
Shallow, too real
I know two steps
Backwoods, you high
Backwards, boy
OkayLately things are on my mind
Good news is hard to find
And I work on the factory line
And all I do is stay behind
Call my mama like I should
She says daddy ain't doing too good
Me and him should wet a line
Just can't seem to find the time

But I love my life
Man it's something to see
It's the kids and the dogs and you and me
It's the way it's alright when everything goes wrong
It's the sound of a slow simple song

Finally saved some money up
'Til I had to fix my truck
Talked to brother the other day
He didn't have too much to say
Tryna quit these cigarettes
I can't seem to kick em yet
Sister got laid off last fall
And I got high cholesterol

But I love my life
Man it's something to see
It's the kids and the dogs and you and me
It's the way it's alright when everything goes wrong
It's the sound of a slow simple song
But I love my life
Man it's something to see
It's the kids and the dogs and you and me
It's the way it's alright when everything goes wrong
It's the sound of a slow simple songMilkshakes and cat eyes
Lipstick and french fries
Internalize so much but so little
Don't make us feel belittled, world

Teenage girl
Doo doo doo doo doo
Teenage girl
Doo doo doo doo
Teenage girl
Doo doo doo doo

Sneaking cigarettes at lunchtime
Sun feels safe and sublime
Pink sparkly sunglasses
Lemonade by the pool
Rob Kardashian's a tool

Teenage girl
Teenage girlI want it all
I'll watch the bridges all burn
And I'll be your dog
I'd be a darling for you
Or anyone who wants me at all
Does anybody want me at all?

'Cause I'd sell my soul
To be America's pool boy
The crown centerfold
My few good years left, a tribute
To anyone who wants me at all
Does anybody want me at all?
Oh, do you want me at all?

Do you want me at all?
Do you want me at all?
Aw, do you want me at all?

I've got it all
I feel the love in suspension
And nearer my god
At hallowed ground, holding hands
Ashing cigarettes on gravestones
Pin photographs on cork boards
Unfollowing my dead friends
Someone's gonna love me
Oh, do you want me?
Do you want me at all?

Do you want me at all?Up on Scorpion Hill watching life
Passing me by in the pale moonlight
And I sat there forever, three sheets to the wind
It’s not helping my case, the state that I'm in
But it's not how they told you
My intentions were good
I was just bursting apart like the end of the ark
Holding on to whatever I could

A square of light moves its way through the empty room
Across the stained yellow carpet
Like a ghost of myself in the afternoon
Haunting my basement apartment
I looked into the mirror
Hanging behind my door
The glass was cracked and the man staring back
He don't look like me anymore
And if the world is gonna burn
Everyone should get a turn to light it up

Down and out, I've been on the rocks
I've been having some pretty dark thoughts
I like them a lot

Time and time again, well I've tried and failed
To get my act together
And I'll admit lately things really went off the rails
I know that you deserve better
But in the morning, as I was boarding
The commuter train to work
The boss was calling, he said, “There's been cutbacks and
I'm sorry you're the first”
And If I can't support the two of us
How can I support a third?

Down and out, I've been on the rocks
I’ve been having some pretty dark thoughts

And I'm on the brink
Fallin' deep into debt
Fallin' deep into drink
I can drown those regrets
I don't have to think
Now I'm working the night shift
Asleep at the wheel
I was bursting apart like a flame from a spark
Thinkin' "Jesus, this can't be for real"

My sweat-soaked mattress
Corner of the room
Cigarettes and matches
In the fading afternoon
And a picture of my kid, yeah, he's smiling
It's the first day of school

She said, "I found the gun, it was buried beneath
Piles of clothes in the room where your son sleeps
And I can't pretend, to know how this will end"Found a body at the rest stop
Buried in the woods beneath
The garbage and leaves
Workers clearing overgrowth
Saw hidden in the brush
Just beyond the line of the trees
A jawbone and teeth
Winter into spring
On Fulton Street

And cities grow weeds
And cities grow
And cities keep secrets in the trees
In the shadow of a pyramid
And cities grow weeds
And cities grow
By the river and the covered bridge
All cities grow weeds
And I know

All the memories your dreams retrieve
You pick a dress out for the funeral
Hold a vigil in the field
Release lanterns at night
And I saw on the shoulder of the interstate
When I followed your eyes
When I followed your eyes
All the crosses for the accidents
All the photos and the flowers by the street

Will I ever put flowers by the street?
Will I ever put flowers by the street?
Never needed to live and suffer through the pain
All the tyrannies of grief
If I ever do
Will I even have the strength to do anything?
Could I go and leave flowers by the street?

And I saw signs on the shoulder of the interstate
When I followed your eyes
And I saw lights fading every monument
And the passage of time
If I could just try, could I banish all the pain in you?
Give you everything you need?
If I hid rose quartz underneath the mattress
Would it help you nights
When you're struggling to sleep?
When you're struggling to sleep?
Will I ever be half what I can be?
Can I ever be half what I can be?
If you needed me to be anything
Could I even be half of what you need?
Will I ever be me?
Will I ever be me?
If I could take hands to shake you
Would you want me to?
If it shook you out of grief?
If I gave chase
Summers when you tunneled into nothingness
Would it bring you some release?
If I saw signs on the shoulder of the interstate
When I followed where your eyes went
I saw nights spent after midnight in a eulogy
That you never got to give
And I saw fenders bent hard on an oak tree
I saw sirens at the scene
I saw cigarettes falling in the tangle of machinery
Between the console and seat
And I saw hands reach
Car drift across the center line
I saw it all in my dreams
And I saw leaves hiding bodies
In the tree line off the interstate
But I've never put flowers by the street

I've never put flowers by the street
If you need for me to be anything
I could be everything you need
If you need for me to be anything
I could be everything you need
Every monument
Every memory
And I've never put flowers by the streetI would swear I'd never plan again
But I can see the irony
I'm humbled by the passing of time
I am brought down onto my knees
An Arizona half and half
A half a pack of cigarettes
A vacant lot, my tangled thoughts
Suburbia give me my God again

All senses say, nothing has changed
The soft lines from the streetlights fall the same on my face

But something massive happened here
I can feel it in the atmosphere
Something false that once was true
I no longer revolve around you
I no longer revolve around you

And the house still stands where it was built
I know 'cause I drove by tonight
A candle in the bedroom
Where I once performed a holy rite
And I did stop to hang my head
Just for a moment at the light
'Cause now the altar is a bed
And now you're just a friend that once was mine

Oh civilian, idling along
How can you understand that there's a whole world gone wrong?

But something massive happened here
Can you feel it in the atmosphere?
Something false that once was true
I no longer revolve around you
I no longer revolve around you

How can I try to be civilized
When inside there is a shift in paradigm
And everything we built, we built on our love
Everything spinning on one assumption
How can I try to say sorry
When my words don't carry the same gravity
And everything I say, I say it knowing
Full well you still don't want to believe

Something massive happened here
But you can feel it in the atmosphere
Something false that once was true
I no longer revolve around you
Something massive happened here
But you can feel it in the atmosphere
Something false that once was true
I no longer revolve around you
I no longer revolve around youSleep now darling, I’ll see you tomorrow
I’ll try to make this better but I can't promise that
Cause you're never here...
I sleep alone by the phone
Waiting for you to come home
Stumble through the door
With the smell of wine on your breath
And cigarettes but I can't blame you
Were you with him again?
I'll just ask my friends
I guess the house we wanted
Is out the question...
I'll just pack my bags
Put my books in boxes
You'll never be forgotten
Just look after my boy
Say goodbye to your mum
Thank your dad for the bookshelf
I would have done this myself but
The moment's passed
Bored with nothing to do
But lay around listening to Deja Entendu
Thinking about you...
Bored with nothing to do
But lay around listening to Deja Entendu
Thinking about you...Knock on the door
Leaving it open
It wasn't you
Why was I hoping?
Said it before, and I'll say it again
That I'll always be here when you need a friend

I sat with you on my bedroom floor
And I couldn't move
All that we were losing
I saw you like I never did before
I never did before

And I can feel you reaching through the cracks
A simple change of seasons, and you're back
All the roses in the garden fade to black, ooh-ooh
Yeah, I can feel you reaching through the cracks
A simple change of heart and you attack
All the roses in the garden fade to black, ooh-ooh
I won't take you back

Cat got your tongue
It's been forever
Have you been good?
Have you been better?
I've said it before, and I'll say it again
That I'll always be here if you need a friend

I sat with you on my bedroom floor
And I couldn't move
All that we were losing
I saw you like I never did before
I never did before

And I can feel you reaching through the cracks
A simple change of seasons and you're back
All the roses in the garden fade to black, ooh-ooh
Yeah, I can feel you reaching through the cracks
A simple change of heart and you attack
All the roses in the garden fade to black, ooh-ooh
I won't take it back

Drunk on cigarettes
Last year's silhouettes
Dancing in the dark
Love made in the park
Big white blossom tree
Baby, cover me
Hold me, left to blow
Please don't let me go
Please don't let me go

And I can feel you reaching through the cracks
A simple change of seasons and you're back
All the roses in the garden fade to black, ooh-ooh
Yeah, I can feel you reaching through the cracks
A simple change of heart and you attack
All the roses in the garden fade to black, ooh-ooh
I won't take it back

Drunk on cigarettes
Last year's silhouettes
I won't take it back
Dancing in the dark
I won't take it back
Love made in the park
Big white blossom tree
I won't take it back
Baby, cover me
Hold me, left to blow
Please don't let me goTell me how am I supposed to trust you
When I can never tell just where the hell you been?
Am I supposed to lie alone to suffer?
But you can't expect for me to just pretend

Yes I do, yes I do, yes I do, I do love you
And you know, and you know, and you know I put up with too much
Tell me why do me, why don't you act like you're supposed to?
I guess you're too cold, too bold to give a fuck

You make me crazy, crazy
I swear you act like you hate me, hate me
How can you tell me "I love you"
Then do the things you do?
At least try to lie to me, lie to me
Oh yeah
Instead, you come straight to our bed
Smelling like sex and cigarettes

Remember when i used to catch you lying?
You'd double back and cover up your dirt
But lately, you don't even try to hide it
It's the lies and disrespect that hurts me worse

Yes I do, yes I do, yes I do, I do love you
And you know, and you know, and you know I put up with too much
Tell me why do me, why don't you act like you're supposed to?
I guess you're too cold, too bold to give a fuck

You make me crazy, crazy
I swear you act like you hate me, hate me
How can you tell me I love you
Then do the things you do?
At least try and lie to me, lie to me
Oh yeah
Instead you come straight to our bed
Smelling like sex and cigarettes

I can't believe it, we're going through this again
We're too old, and I thought you'd outgrown this
This is driving me crazy, I can't do this no more
Not again, not again

You make me crazy
I swear you act like you hate me
How can you tell me I love you
Then do the things you do?
At least try and lie to me, lie to me, yeah
Instead you come straight to our bed
Smelling like sex and cigarettes
Sex and cigarettesIt's just the normal noises in here!

Well, it was nearly summer, we sat on your roof
Yeah, we smoked cigarettes, and we stared at the moon
And I showed you stars you never could see
It couldn't have been that easy to forget about me
Baby, time meant nothing, anything seemed real
Yeah, you could kiss like fire, and you made me feel
Like every word you said was meant to be
But it couldn't been that easy to forget about me

Baby, even the losers
Get lucky sometimes
Even the losers
Keep a little bit of pride
They get lucky sometimes


Two cars park on the overpass
Rocks hit the water like broken glass
I shoulda known right then it was too good to last
God, it's such a drag when you're living in the past

Baby, even the losers
Get lucky sometimes
Even the losers
Keep a little bit of pride
They get lucky sometimes
Baby, even the losers
Get lucky sometimes
Even the losers
Keep a little bit of pride
Yeah, they get lucky sometimes

Baby, even the losers
Get lucky sometimes
Even the losers
Get lucky sometimes
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Even the losers
Get lucky sometimes
Oh, oh!
Oh!
Even the losers
Get lucky sometimes
Baby, even the losers
Get lucky sometimesYou know I love you so bad
I don't believe in love
You know I love you so bad, so bad
You know I love you so bad
Like the kid in the back of the classroom
Who can't do the math 'cause he can't see the blackboard, so bad
You know I love you so bad
Like the kid skipping class in the bathrooms
Sneaking cigarettes underneath the football bleachers baby, so bad
You know I love you so bad
Like the kids growing up to be criminals
Tearing pages out the back of the hymnals
Love notes baby, so bad
Still remember so bad
The nights Mom got drunker than Dad did
She told me, "never hang out with the bad kids"
Well what can you say to that?
I always knew I was bad
Always dreaming so they called me the Spaceman
You first kissed me in your parents' blue basement
I wanted you baby so bad
Sometimes we got out of hand
We bought drugs from a parking attendant
But sober nights in your car were transcendent
I loved you baby so bad
You know I loved you so bad
Somehow you got yourself accepted to college
You said there had to be a way out of all this
Garbage small town rat trap
You moved away that was that
You still send me the occasional email
I got a dumb job working in retail
I miss you baby so bad, so bad
I drew your name in the sand
I came to the beach 'cause we used to go here
I watched the blue wave cover it over
And do what the ocean does best
I know the past is the past
Then again, the present's nothing without it
I feel fine, don't even feel sad about it
I just love you baby so bad
So bad so badI wanna wake up sober
See what the sunrise means to me
'Cause I've been getting colder
And nothing means anything
I wanna really hold ya
And feel the ground beneath my feet
'Cause when it's all all over
Don't wanna miss anything

Putting out cigarettes on my bed
Only friends never up in my head
When you hit bottom, only place to go is up

When I found me, I was smiling
And through the crying, I finally feel good
When I broke free from the old me
I was singing, "I finally feel good"

I was getting closer
But I was getting in my way
We're only getting older
I keep on making the same mistakes
Self-inflicted torture
It no longer gets me high
And finally I want to
Follow my own lullaby

Trying to remember what my mother said
Middle finger up to my twisted head
When you hit bottom, only place to go is up

When I found me, I was smiling
And through the crying, I finally feel good
When I broke free from the old me
I was singing, "I finally feel good," oh-oh

(Ha-ah-ah, ha-ah-ah) To be in my own skin
(Ha-ah-ah, ha-ah-ah) It finally feels like home, yeah
(Ha-ah-ah, ha-ah-ah) I keep telling myself, yeah
(Ha-ah-ah, ha-ah-ah) You don't have to be alone

When I found me (Will I?)
I was smiling (I was smiling, yeah)
And through the crying (And through the crying)
I finally feel good (I finally feel)
When I broke free (When I broke free, broke free)
From the old me (From the old me, old me)
I was singing (Yeah, yeah)
"I finally feel good" (I finally feel good, baby)

(Ha-ah-ah, ha-ah-ah) Oh, I finally feel good, baby
(Ha-ah-ah, ha-ah-ah) Oh, I finally feel good, baby
Oh, I finally feel good, baby
(Ha-ah-ah, ha-ah-ah) Oh, I finally feel good, baby
(Ha-ah-ah, ha-ah-ah) Oh, I finally feel good
(Ha-ah-ah, ha-ah-ah) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
OohWell, I woke up Sunday morning
With no way to hold my head that didn't hurt
And the beer I had for breakfast wasn't bad
So I had one more for dessert
Then I fumbled through my closet for my clothes
And found my cleanest dirty shirt
And I shaved my face and combed my hair
And stumbled down the stairs to meet the day
I'd smoked my brain the night before
On cigarettes and songs that I'd been pickin'
But I lit my first and watched a small kid
Cussin' at  a can that he was kickin'
Then I crossed the empty street
And caught the Sunday smell of someone fryin' chicken
And it took me back to somethin'
That I'd lost somehow, somewhere along the way
On the Sunday morning sidewalks
Wishing, Lord, that I was stoned
Cause there's something in a Sunday
That makes a body feel alone
And there's nothin' short of dyin'
Half as lonesome as the sound
On the sleepin' city sidewalks
Sunday mornin' comin' down
In the park, I saw a daddy
With a laughing little girl who he was swingin'
And I stopped beside a Sunday school
And listened to the song that they were singin'
Then I headed back for home
And somewhere far away a lonely bell was ringin'
And it echoed through the canyons
Like the disappearing dreams of yesterday
On the Sunday morning sidewalks
Wishing, Lord, that I was stoned
Cause there's something in a Sunday
Makes a body feel alone
And there's nothin' short of dyin'
Half as lonesome as the sound
On the sleepin' city sidewalk
Sunday mornin' comin' down
Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do
Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do
Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do
Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, doI'm a wild child, bright child, knockin' at your door
You thought that you were done but now you want me even more
Dum dum
You want me even more
Dum dum

I'm a star child, big smile, living in L.A
I'm coming over, baby, you can't go to school today
Dum dum
Go to school today
Dum dum

I belong to a bygone era
Like the Scarlett O'Hara of the downtown scene
'Cause I just wanna dream, I just wanna drink
I'm a pop-blues singer, fam-bam zinger
Mansfield ringer from the Hollywood silver screen, silver screen

Once you've had something, something so beautiful
You'll never be the same
Once you've had a taste of heaven my way
You'll be forever changed

I'm a wild child, sky high, lyin' on your floor
I know I had a lot, but baby, what's a little more?
Dum dum
Want a little more
Dum dum

In my white mink, pink cigarettes from the store
We're making robberies from Tijuana to the shore
Dum dum
'Juana to the shore
Dum dum

I belong to a bygone era
Like the Bugsy Malone of the deep Sahara
'Cause I'm on the scene, yeah, I'm on the scene
I'm a bad jazz singer, givin' you the finger
No matter what, you'll linger
'Cause you like me even when I'm mean, I'm the queen

Once you've had something, something so beautiful
You'll never be the same
Once you've had a taste of heaven my way
You'll be forever changed
Once you've had something, something so beautiful
You'll never be the same
Once you've had a taste of heaven my way
You'll be forever changedThrow my guitar down on the floor
No one cares what I've got to say anymore
I didn't come here to be damned with faint praise
I'll write my masterpiece some other day
(Fuck everything, fuck me)

I'm repeating myself again
Innovation, I leave to smarter men
Pretty melodies don't fall out of the air for me
I've got to steal them from somewhere
But it doesn't matter what you do
Or how hard you try
Now there's nothing left for me to do except die
When they cut you up
And tell you that it's not going to hurt
But they are not going to stop until they see you go to sleep in the dirt

There'll be no more cigarettes
No more having sex
No more drinking until you fall on the floor
No more indie rock
Just a ticking clock
You have no time for that anymore
You better watch where you run your mouth
Because you know what they'll say to you

They'll say
Your life is over Jag känner inte igen dig asså
Vad hände med dig?
Är det här den du egentligen är eller?

The leaves don't fall with the season
And dreams don't wait by the window
A couple of seeds that the rain won't reach
And I don't feel like I used to
I don't feel like I used to
I don't feel like I used to
No, no, no (Trodde inte att du skulle förändras)
No, no, no (Speciellt du av alla människor)
I don't feel like I used to

Asså, jag vet inte längre
Du är liksom inte samma person
Är det här den du egentligen är eller?

Jag föddes på nytt
Visst, jag föddes på nytt
Det här är renässansen
Det här är ren essens, men
Woo! Ny, du är ny!
Det här är bara is för en inuit, sand för en beduin
Smärta är mitt mellannamn, sett en evig tid
Slut på ölen, slut på lönen, snö på löven
Lökig öken, röda ögon
Snut på tuben, slut i huvet
Slutstationen om sju minuter
Jag skjuter ut den i små patroner
Gråter floder, svaga toner
Tålamodet är så på kroken så
Små portioner av visdom jag fällt på jorden
Men jag känner inte alls som jag en gång gjorde
Jag känner inte alls för de äldre orden
Jag kände inte allt så jag vände borden
Med kärlen i själen så är jag nästan bättre död
Om pengaregnet inte släcker cigarettens glöd
Ner till sista gnistan innan jag brinner upp
Tvingas välja mellan inga vingar eller ingen luft
Men vad du inte vet är att jag hittat någon ny
Och mitt hjärta står i brand som en logotyp
Typ så galen, typ så tagen
Tid på dagen, typ så naket, typ på taket
Nyp i armen, ny förvärvd, det krig i värme
Bryr mig närmre, skyr det värre
Men kalla nätter inga kalla nätter hädanefter
Hälsningar från en plats som är jävligt bättre
Kalla nätter inga kalla nätter hädanefter
Hälsningar från en plats som är jävligt bättre
Där livet är en semester
En plats där vi har det bättre"I'd like to dedicate this song to little Junior Parker
A cousin of mine who's gone on, but we'd like to
Kinda carry on in his name
I sing."
I don't know why I love you like I do
After all these changes that you put me through
You stole my money and my cigarettes
And I haven't seen hide nor hair of you yet
I wanna know, won't you tell me
Am I in love to stay?
Take me to the river
And wash me down
Won't you cleanse my soul?
Put my feet on the ground
I don't know why she treated me so bad
Look at all the things that we could have had
Love is a notion that I can't forget
My sweet sixteen I will never regret
I wanna know, won't you tell me
Am I in love to stay?
Hold me, love me, please me, tease me
Till I can't, till I can't, can't take no more
Take me to the river
I don't know why I love you like I do
After all the things that you put me through
The sixteen candles are burning on my wall
Turning me into the biggest fool of them all
I wanna know, can't you tell me
Am I in love to stay?
I wanna know
Take me to the river
I wanna know
Want you to dip me in the water
I wanna know
Won't you wash me in the water?
Wash me in the water
Wash me in the water
Won't you wash me in the water?
Feeling goodOh oh, oh oh

Started like a movie scene
Once upon a London street, oh oh, oh oh
Tried to play it like James Dean
Cigarettes in my sleeve, oh oh, oh oh

Like a myth, the story of our lives
Couldn't fit in only black and white
If it's true that legends never die
Me and you could stand the test of time

We could be timeless, we could be classic
We could be stars, we could be rose gold, rose gold
We could be diamonds, we could be an anthem
We could be stars, we could be rose gold, rose gold

Drivin' up the coast somewhere
Salt water in your hair, oh oh, oh oh
Too many people on this road
We could take the canyon home, oh oh, oh oh

Like a myth, the story of our lives
Couldn't fit in only black and white
If it's true that legends never die
Me and you could stand the test of time

We could be timeless, we could be classic
We could be stars, we could be rose gold, rose gold
We could be diamonds, we could be an anthem
We could be stars, we could be rose gold, rose gold

We could be timeless, we could be classic
We could be stars, we could be rose gold, rose gold, yeah
We could be diamonds, yeah, we could be rose gold, rose goldIn your new leather jacket, you're somebody else
And it's not nice to meet you in a fortress of self
Thanks to your new leather jacket, we're nobodies now
Pack of cigarettes, I empty out

I miss the way we talked before you went away to school
Now all you seem to say is "Baby, how could it be you?"
I hate the way you're leaning and you're looking at your phone
I hate the way I feel like dying when I'm alone

In your new leather jacket, you're somebody else
And it's not nice to meet you in a fortress of self
Thanks to your new leather jacket, we're nobodies now
Pack of cigarettes, I empty out*burp* Are you ready?
Ready, Freddie!
Okay.

We don't need this lameass album
Just seems like you're trying to troll
Hope you wrote big checks to Scallon
Critic, leave The Wall alone
Hey! Critic! Leave The Wall alone!

All in all, it's just not very funny at all
All in all, it's just not very funny at all

We don't need this awful album
Wondering if you have a soul
Hope you made it rain on Scallon
Critic, leave The Wall alone
Hey! Critic! Leave The Wall alone!

All in all, it's just not very funny at all
All in all, it's just⁠ not—
GOOD
It's NOT GOOD.

What—what is this? Why does this exist? A parody album of Pink Floyd's The Wall that is essentially a critique of the movie but also the music. I guess just the "Wall" franchise in general.
And not that you have to like The Wall. You don't. You don't have to like the wall. You really, truly don't. And I guess one upside to this project is that it gives me insight to what The Wall sounds like to people who hate The Wall. Not that I worry about or run into a whole lot of people who hate The Wall, but I guess this is how bad it sounds bad to someone who doesn't like it. And it certainly sounds bad.
This sounds bad. This is terrible. The singing is shit. The only listenable quality about it is the fact that ⁠— uh ⁠— the man, Mr. Rob Scallon, did a pretty faithful reinterpretation. Really just ⁠a uh-ruh-uh-ruh... A redo of the original instrumentation... Of the... Of the album. It's a little thin. Sounds a little cheap. Sounds like it wasn't ⁠— uh ⁠— produced very lovingly. Uh, maybe more quickly. But, uh, it's... It's really just a shitty satirical "parody" album. So I don't expect ⁠— sort of ⁠— high gloss production coming out of this thing. But... Why?
I mean, the critiques are just so... Not all that substantive. Maybe in a usual review, they would have come out better. But these are the kinda critiques you would write up if you just hated this record, you hated this movie for some inexplicable reason. Like, um... I dunno'... There was a kid i-in school with a The Dark Side of the Moon shirt who used to beat you up for your lunch money. Or, uh, The Wall was playing on TV when your dad left to go get cigarettes for that one last time and you never saw him again.
I-I feel like just saying, "Certain points of this film are pandering, and this and that and the other thing" are just really weak observations of... Of what The Wall is, what Pink Floyd were trying to do, the context that it was written in. Uh... It's just really ⁠— uh ⁠— super weak, and boring, and ⁠— again I'll say ⁠— lame. Lame as fuck.
I hope I never hear ⁠— not even a second of sound from ⁠— this ever again. Because it really, truly does suck ass. And, um... Yeah. Doesn't sound good. Not funny. Not witty. Not profound in its observations. Just really petty, if you could be such a thing in a review of a record by a band that is decades and decades and decades old, even before Doug's time. Because Doug can't be that much older than me. And while I do enjoy The Wall, I didn't grow up with The Wall. It's something that I sought out as I was going through the tomes of rock music. Y'know, there was never really a point in my life where I was conflicted and had to be faced with The Wall, as ⁠— uhuh ⁠— a piece of pop-culture because it's always been something of the past to me. And why something that is so far before your time even matters this much to you ⁠— matters this much ⁠— is beyond me.
Ugh, this is... This is terrible. I really don't have anything else to say. This is... This is one of the worst things. This is really, truly one of the worst things. And, um, I just need to move onto something else. In order to ⁠— uh, uh, just, uh ⁠— live a better life. Because, if I dive too deeply into how terrible this is and everything that makes this bad Imma have a panic attack. Imma have a fuckin' panic attack right here, on camera. And, um, I don't wanna have that. I would, uh, like to, uh, HAHA, maintain, hoohuh, maintain, uuuuuh, a somewhat sane demeanor.
So, uh, this... Whatever you call it... It's NOT GOOD.I ain't never wrote no song sayin I'm sorry man but I'm sorry

Now since birth I hurt ya I made you turn purple stole change from ya purse
Wouldn't shut my mouth in church but most of all I hurt u I curse you I talked back to
My mama that's why I went through drama look like I'm go be the man of the
House since my brother ain't bout jackin no nigga to put no mothafuckin
Food in this house mama I'm sorry but I ain't comin in tonight it's a draw up in
This soft and I'm the only one wit white I made the faculty look at her wrong
Probablay say that she could teach good at school but not at home man you got
Her wrong cause my mama taght me wrong from right I had the grades but my
Behavior it was outta sight one time I caught my mama cryin watchin guiding light
She prayin to God that he guide her baby boy right I spent my twelfth grade year under
Jail life mama she trippin hollin bout you livin trail life mama I'm sorry I was addicted
To them tv screens mama I'm sorry I'm addicted to promenthazine you say I'm flashy
But I love it when my whip be clean mama I'm sorry and I apologize on everything

And Mama I'm sorry
For everything I put you through
Everything I did for you
I did it cause I'm sorry
When push come to shove she be always there
And Mama I'm sorry
For everything I put you through
Everything I did for you
I did it cause I'm sorry
When push come to shove she be always there

Right I'm hollin fuck everything
Fuck that syrup and mary-jane
Fuck them cigarettes I'm tired of gettin sick and shit
That ain't no killa shit wanna no what happen at a video you don't no what happen I'm
A let ya no I was dehydrated and a nigga couldn't make if you don't like it then fuck ya ho bleth over me
Rob over me
Curry over me
Hollin why
Heart beatin fast it's time to die my blood suga 565 can't take the shit up in my dick
Finna check myself up out this bitch gotta get well at home not here can't alone
My mama callin and she cryin boosie what's wrong you need some fluid in
Ya body boy ya no ya ain't strong when I come she real she still cooked a meal
Made sure I took my shots and ran my bath water hot

And Mama I'm sorry
For everything I put you through
Everything I did for you
I did it cause I'm sorry
When push come to shove she be always there
And Mama I'm sorry
For everything I put you through
Everything I did for you
I did it cause I'm sorry
When push come to shove she be always there

Now I promoised her and he promised me get some stacks before you leave the
Streets yeah tell em yeah look like I got the beatsy meat but I'm sorry turk for the
Studio I was gone off pills and truly broke and you wasn't fellin a nigga and I got tired
Of that pussy nigga now mama called and she hurt to when I hurt them I hurt you I'm
Rappin and trappin I no you heard I got the work to don't go to church cause my grand
Pa picture lookin at me and everytime he lookin at me look like he ain't happy now I'm
Thinkin bout my daddy thought I saw him in the choir God please clear my eyes I
Broght the pain that's probably why a nigga diabetic that's why I gotta stick myself
To take my medicine (4 real) this for the struggle don't talk back to ya mother she
Carried ya 9 months mothafucka need to tell that ya

And Mama I'm sorry
For everything I put you through
Everything I did for you
I did it cause I'm sorry
When push come to shove she be always there
And Mama I'm sorry
For everything I put you through
Everything I did for you
I did it cause I'm sorry
When push come to shove she be always there
When push come to shove she be always there
When push come to shove she be always there
When push come to shove she be always there
MAMA!... I'm sorry
Mama I'm sorry (sorry mama)
For everything I put you through
Everything I did for you
I did it cause I'm sorry
When push come to shove she be always there (she be always there there there) (2X)
(Psycho motherfucker)

I took my Buck knife, stuck it inside my bag
In a black Jansport that I've had since 2000 class
And some duct tape, the last of a roll I used
The first of it I used to patch a hole in my bedroom window glass
I broke into my trailer because this bitch locked me out
She took my keys and threw them into the yard, but I haven't cut my grass
Plus it was dark when I got home, I was driving fast
But the fog made it hard to see the road and I drove right past
Had to turn around in a cul de sac, dead end
And I barely made into my dirt drive, running out of gas
A late night at work, another tailspin
Got fired so I hit the bar and I got trashed
I stumbled in to find a note, "I'm gone"
"No shit, bitch"
I crumble the note, and threw it on the ground, and picked up the phone
"Fuck", she cut the wire, busted the jack with a hammer
I know, cause I can see that the plastic got bashed
I was so mad, that I went sober
With a forced laugh, I reached for the last thing that I need in my sack
(haha) A picture of us in a cab, the night we said it would work out
That didn't last, a couple dollars short, or maybe just the wrong path
The reason was irrelevant to me, cause I just wanted payback
So I jumped in my truck, put the dash, spitted gas
And a bag pack duct tape and buck knife, and that was that
Thinking

This must be a movie
Cause I'm about to roll tape again
I'm about to make a movie
Michael Myers and Superman
"Look up at the sky! It's a bird! It's a plane!"
Michael Myers and Superman
Is it a game? Or is it insane?
Michael Myers and Superman

I pulled out the driveway, took a right on Rainbow Drive
While I tried to keep my truck alive, pumping down the street
I believe it was 55 outside, cold, and the window was frosted
Truck died and then I crawled into the pump station
Barely making it to the pump
I walked in, put my last 10 dollar bills on the desk
Snuck a pack of cigarettes in my pocket
As he reached for the register, the thought sparked in my head
To leave him dead, but no, fuck it
I'll save his life, and put 10 in the bucket
I ain't killing in public
It ain't in my budget
The door, I budged it
Slid through to the pump my gas as the thought
Of all the shit she put me through, but I was glad
I had a reason to go see her now
Other than to lay her down
I got a reason to treat her like a voodoo doll with this blade I found
I made the sound of screeching tires as I pulled out of the station
Mind racing for the placement of my rage, I was impatient
Movie in the making
So I punched the dash and my front windshield cracked
Made it harder to see what was in front of me
But I mashed on the pedal, stomping through the floor
With a leak in the door
The wind whistled like a missile in a war, or a bullet from a pistols draw
Reached under my seat for a bottle of whiskey and took a shot
While my stomach was in a knot, nerves shot
I mulled over the plot
"When I find this bitch, I'll put her in a throat lock, with a rope and a sock
Duct taped on her mouth and make her look at a clock
And every second, I'm going to pop one of her boyfriend's fingers
With a vise grip, while he's screaming at me, "No! Stop!"
When I make it to his knees
While he's tied to a metal chair, with radio wires hooked to a live battery
I'm going to grab his head and make him stare at you
While you drill holes in his kneecaps with a screw
And this is only preview to scene 2!
Take 1

{*Screaming*}


"Look up at the sky! It's a bird! It's a plane!"
Is it a game? Or is it insane?
Michael Myers and SupermanAll I have is my misery
A couple bucks and some cigarettes
A perfect billboard model just kissed my cheek
That one morning the city slept
I've got a dirty mind but my shoes are clean
I don't look away 'cause I choose to see
The chain around your neck isn't jewellery
You ain't fooling me, 'cause I…
Never had no shades to cry behind
Never found the place I tried to find
If I told you so then I'd be lyin'
I was lost and made a change of course
But I'm still afraid to change of course
Someone told me when it rains it pours

I've been thinking of sunshine (sunshine)
Through the pain and strife
I've been thinking of sunshine
Through the coldest days of life

All I have is my history
Strolled the streets when a stranger passed
He spoke and when I got to hear his story
I realized my life is not so bad
I used to have a job till they fired me
I thought I was the person I strived to be
Now everything is gone but that's fine with me
'Cause my mind is free, and I…
Never had no shades to cry behind
Never found the place I tried to find
If I told you so then I'd be lyin'
I was lost and made a change of course
But I'm still afraid to change of course
Someone told me when it rains it pours

I've been thinking of sunshine (sunshine)
Through the pain and strife
I've been thinking of sunshine
Through the coldest days of life

I never took nothing from no one except bad advise
Some of my homies never overcame the setback of life
Like life has taught me two things
Life has taught me two things
Tie your own shoestrings
Sometimes we go through things
I've done things, I do things I'm not always proud of
But I smile trough the struggle just as if I won the lotto
I know reality is hard, sometimes it's easy to dream
It's only when you close your eyes that you can see what I've seen
See what I mean?

I've been thinking of sunshine (sunshine)
Through the pain and strife
I've been thinking of sunshine
Through the coldest days of life
(sunshine, sunshine)
I've been thinking of sunshine
Through the coldest days of life
(sunshine, sunshine)SOOOOOO $TONED FUCK MAN AW $HIT NIGGA HELLA MOTHA FUCKING 666 ODD FUTURE MAN BRO CHECK THIS OUT MY SWAG WITH THE WHAT WHOLE 666 420 $$$$ HOLLA HOLLA GET DOLLA SWED CASH FUCKING MARIJUANA CIGARETTES GANGSTA GANGSTA EAZY-E C.R.E.A.M. SO BAKED OFF OF THE BOBMARLEY GANJA 420 SHIT PURE OG KUUSSHHH LEGALIZE CRYSTAL WEEDHey, Dianne, could you pick up the phone?
Oh, I know that you're listening
Baby, I know that you're home
And I know where I went wrong
Don't you leave me alone
Could you pick up the phone?
Oh, I'm lost at a truck stop somewhere in the South
I don't know where I'm going, but I'm figuring it out
Locked myself in this phone booth;
Read you the number aloud
Now I'm waiting it out

Well, if I lay here long enough
Maybe the bugs would eat me whole
And if I stay here long enough
Maybe the night would take me home
I won't let go, even if you say so
No, I won't let go
Oh, hey, Dianne, I've been trying to quit
I went from a pack and a half a day
To this e-cigarette bullshit
It don't give me what I want
But it stops them coughing fits
Oh, I know how you hate it
And hey, Dianne, I know I fucked up
It's just when we lost the baby, I kind of shut off
And I know I never listened
I wasn't there for you enough
I'm a fuck up

Well, if I lay here long enough
Maybe the bugs would eat me whole
And if I stay here long enough
Maybe the night would take me home
I won't let go, even if you say so
No, I won't let go
I had a dream that I, I flew back North
And the plane went down before we hit New York
You didn't come to the funeral
You didn't come to the funeral
I hope you'd come to the funeral
I hope you come to the funeral
Hey, DianneGive me a time, your duration
Good things, we gotta be patient
We're some perfect equation
I-I, I-I, but you don't know it yet

Tell me that you got the hots for me, I know
But do you know I'm just as crazy as you, baby?
We could be Bonnie and Clyde, come on, run
Take the money, I'll keep the, I'll keep the engine running

You give me, you give me a-a-adrenaline
I give you, I give you d-d-d-dopamine
This euphoria-a-a-a-a-a
This euphoria-a-a-a-a-a
You give me, you give me a-a-adrenaline
I give you, I give you d-d-d-dopamine
But I should warn ya, I should warn ya
This euphoria don't last forever

Ah, this euphoria, woah-oh
This euphoria-a-a-a-a-a
This euphoria don't last forever
Ah, this euphoria, woah-oh
But I should warn ya, I should warn ya
This euphoria don't last forever

With you, it's never an invasion
I like you all up in my space, oh
About to toy with your emotions
You're about to cry me an ocean

Give me your Friday night, you'll wake up on Monday
Tuesday, you'll fast forward, wish it was Saturday
Feel the heat on repeat, won't see the warnin'
All over you, all over me 'til the morning

You give me, you give me a-a-adrenaline
I give you, I give you d-d-d-dopamine
This euphoria-a-a-a-a-a
This euphoria-a-a-a-a-a
You give me, you give me a-a-adrenaline
I give you, I give you d-d-d-dopamine
But I should warn ya, I should warn ya
This euphoria don't last forever

Ah, this euphoria, woah-oh
This euphoria-a-a-a-a-a
This euphoria don't last forever
Ah, this euphoria, woah-oh
But I should warn ya, I should warn ya
This euphoria don't last forever

Diamonds always turn to dust
Maserati gonna rust, oh-oh, oh-oh
Put back the pieces, I'll put back the pieces of us
That's the tragedy of us, the gravity of lust
The story of every last person I've loved
Oh-oh, oh-oh
We've just started but the damage is done

You give me, you give me a-a-adrenaline
I give you, I give you d-d-d-dopamine
This euphoria-a-a-a-a-a
This euphoria-a-a-a-a-a
You give me, you give me a-a-adrenaline
I give you, I give you d-d-d-dopamine
But I should warn ya, I should warn ya
This euphoria don't last forever

Ah, this euphoria, woah-oh
This euphoria-a-a-a-a-a
This euphoria don't last forever
Ah, this euphoria, woah-oh
But I should warn ya, I should warn ya
This euphoria don't last foreverLove, brain, heart, control
Caffeinate!
Melatonin
Love, heart, control
Caffeinate!
You get me going
Brain, heart, control
Caffeinate!
Melatonin
Love, brain, heart
Wake up!
(Smack!)

Nice to meet ya
Who could you be?
I am injury
No you aren't
You made the choice to be!
But I am! No! I am! No!
Dopamine, eehConflict/Resolution. That's damn sure not a specialty
I wanna thank everyone for listening to the album they just listened to
Please don't take out your life though. It's kinda sad

I'm from the meth lab city of broken dreams
And cracked out dopamines
Where everybody's looking for an ocean scene
Where 'Pac and Biggie are passe cause back home
We speak in terms of Mac Dre and Fat Tone
I'm from a city where there's actually people
That are bothered by the thought of homosexual marriage
The Bible Belt, friendly smiles, and Christian steeples
And names like Bobby Sue Williams and Belinda Peoples
This town is so eerie when it snows
All the trees look like ghosts appearing from the road
The crows flew south of heaven and found the elixir
The echo of silence whispers from the mouth of the river
To say... yeah the city could be great one day
But the first step is getting out of our own way
I've been to bigger cities, they produce bigger frowns
I'll die, right here, in this town

And I know
There's something beautiful within my grasp
And I know
I think I'm satisfied but it won't last
And I know
To lace my boots up and pick my path
I'll find another rainstorm to fill my glass

So quote my life as written by anonymous, fuck it
I think I'll keep the liquid courage and the broken promises
So if you're coming over bring a bottle and a cup
There's a war going on outside (and I don't give a fuck)
I could never win the fight for me
I could only minimize the details of my life story
I was born, late July, 1981
Skip a bunch of bullshit until now and then the story's done
But I'mma write the chapters later in my life
In a nursing home with a sweet lady for a wife
Both of us in wheelchairs we quietly hold hands
It's strange, but one day, I'm gonna be an old man
I hope to be happy on that day
Because I finally stood up and moved the hell out of my own way
I need to get the hell out of my own way (note to self)
And so do you

And I know
There's something beautiful within my grasp
And I know
I think I'm satisfied but it won't last
And I know
To lace my boots up and pick my path
I'll find another rainstorm to fill my glass

No no no no. Don't get your lighters out. This isn't Bed Harper
Thank you Seven. Thank you Opus. And thank you Kansas City. Good night
BOW MOTHERFUCKER WHAT!?Mselmin f'jjame3 ddin kitebb9oh l'koffar
3refna gha l'9ebla w s7or tayfeye9na neffar
Kberna m3a nifa9, ga3ma kandoukho l'zwa9
Tcharjina bl hedra skhetna cherregna l'wra9
Clach f'koulla track w matrak f'blast l'claque
Casick black kid kib7al lil w dlam bla guemra
Chefna l'mout f'chi le9tate, roujoula fchi 9e7bat
Ou taxi b7al chi Bitch, Makatensach ch7al hezzat
7lemt b'grammy, ou fe9t f'blad l'grimmat
L9wada triple f'skat 3ad ma ktabti ka tekbatt
Lila chta sabba b'rhymat ou rap mat
Machi MC, Kid ghi hbil ou 7afed chi coupliat
Kandwi bezzaf kbert m3a zyazen
Jrit bezzaf f sorghri souwel 3lia Nike chrajem
Text khatire, s3ib y7effdo chi notaire
F'dmaghi hazz les haltères ou 3aym fl ktaba kimma voltaire
M'stocki moujjelad, rhymat f'compte bancaire
Kantiri f'li bgha ytér ou kandouz w kankheli l'mic dayr
3aych b7al chi b39lo f'west blad m'khiibra
Mabghach mokhi ybra ou visse classic bl fitra
L'ghelya dl'old school, 3té l'kidar chi Netra
O seftlo Track yeddih l'dar ou khellih ki 9ra
Fatkho f'eddlam, ou 3ini mghemmda
Double S, gha l'guezzarra gouli chkoun li bgha l'mda
Kanti7o m3a l'bach ghi f'dlam b7al dell
3amer ghi bl khawi kaddir ghir sda3 b7al stell
Dferri 7fa f'terrf, Ki jina 9waad ter7
Lsani madi mkebbetha planat f'edarb oljar7
Star kighiyyez, star li morah kizidd chebba
Olli kitbiyess ki demme3 ki hezz de9a w'kitkhba
F'zettla jyabbi tabbha , w tabb recetta l'bba
Bjoujna 3echba, houa fl bit wana fl 3etba
F'lard b7ad doom, machad foummi ta zekroom
Lsani khaser 3adi l'kass li s9ani kan mfrom
I'm from , dak derb lli, sakhta 3lih sma b'lil
Wnhar nefs disk kit3awedd fwednin smakk (SHIIT)
7yati film bessa7 ma3reftch chnou door
Manque f'dopamine tbib ktebli f'dwa passport
Glesna nkiyyfo f'edderb, ntfekrou yam ella3b
Kanhezz rassi kanchouf koulchi mkhebi lk3ya fl guelb
Fl blad koulchi kaysebb, hit 3tatna gha zzeb
Ou ta ssem bach li kit3asseb, ylga maybrem
Bnadem saber b 7lawte cheklate li f nibro
F'blad wlad l97ab khasek koula nhar 6 ytro
L'9erray f zen9a dima 2 no9tat ou dekka
Beznass derb, dar lwlado l3a9a khtar sekka
Nhari m3aya chad lil , gali Kid dirni Pile
Tale3 f'drojj dial sma, bach ntagui Keep it realYeah yeah
Gang, gang, gang, gang
Hé, hé, hé, hé, hé
Ninja Squad, Ninja Squad, Ninja Squad
Hé, hé, hé
Ninja Squad, Ninja Squad, Ninja Squad
Hé, hé, hé
Ninja Squad, Ninja Squad, Ninja Squad
Hé, hé, hé
Ninja Squad, Ninja Squad, Ninja Squad

27 piges mais ils me prennent encore pour un Kid comme Billy
J'veux actions d'Microsoft comme Billy
Wesh j'nique le milly
On veut le milli', avec Youngmily, hey hey (gang gang)
On veut être les rois dans la city (yeah)
A 100% pour ma milice (gang)
J'ferai tout pour mettre bien mes alliés
J'volerai tout pour qu'ils aient jamais les mains liées
100% d'shoot dans le panier
Rimes ou incantation dans le cahier
Avec Satan j'ai l'impression d'être marié
J'gratte aussi bien que mon katana est manié, yeah
T'entends l'filet quand je switche (switch)
Concert comme à Columbine
J'sors avec du sang sur l'sweat-shirt

J'rentre dans le tas comme à Columbine
J'rentre dans le tas comme à Columbine
La nuit j'écris ça m'inspire de violents bails
La vie est sombre normal que la violence parle
(Yeah) Si t'as paire de 7, négro, j'ai le brelan d'roi
Rapapa comme à Columbine
J'rentre dans le tas comme à Columbine

Chaque mercredi, j'fais un don d'dopamine
Pas d'farine mais si j'sais qu'j'ai de grosses narines
Le chemin est sanglant
La vie, c'est un roman noir
C'est pas une poésie comme Okami
Fuck se faire attraper pour d'la fumette
Toujours discret quand j'traverse la ruelle
Swenzy-sama, ninja des temps modernes
Anticipe comme Jin, imprévisible comme Mugen
V'la le menu
Si en une détente, j'peux t'faire rejoindre les immenses cieux
Ceux qui parlaient pas parlent un peu plus
Et les bavards deviennent silentieux
Avec un gun tu vois la vie en mieux
Devant un flingue n'importe qui devient pieux
Mission accomplie, je quitte les lieux
Une AK me fera rejoindre les dieux
J'prends des risques, j'peux pas être discret
Arme caché de façon discrète
J'fais un tour à mon gun
J'le fais marcher comme celui d'Lil Wayne
J'ai toujours la balle adéquoite
Quoi ? T'aimes pas danser ?
Même devant mon gun
Tu danseras la Macarena

J'rentre dans le tas comme à Columbine
J'rentre dans le tas comme à Columbine
La nuit j'écris ça m'inspire de violents bails
La vie est sombre normal que la violence parle
(Yeah) Si t'as paire de 7, négro, j'ai le brelan d'roi
Rapapa comme à Columbine
J'rentre dans le tas comme à ColumbineI sent a text to my ex last night
I drank a bottle of Ciroc last night
I locked my keys in my car last night
Spent 300 dollars at the bar last night yea
I said oh my god
I sent a text to my ex last night
Hell nah bitch
Oh my god
I had sex with my ex last night

Yea we got some problems
I do not know how to deal with it
Yea I wrote a song about you
I really hope that you feeling it damn
What you gone do
What is the plan
Where are you going
Where is yo mans
Watch for the shoes
Step on the Vans
I'm doing everything I can
Really I'm not doing much
Fucking with him while you talkin bout us
But the poker game the poker face is up
Hope you good the dopamines flushed
You telling me to go home babe
Leave me all on my own babe
Voicemail at yo phone babe
Fuck you and your tone babe

I sent a text to my ex last night
I drank a bottle of Ciroc last night
I locked my keys in my car last night
Spent 300 dollars at the bar last night yea
I said oh my god
I sent a text to my ex last night
Hell nah bitch
Oh my god
I had sex with my ex last night

I got like 12 in my bag
I flew home but the jet don't lag
I touched down with a Swedish flag
Broke my phone I bin pissed all day
I came home to release my stress
I came home to a real big mess
Coffee cups they filling up my desk
But I dropped some weight to impress my ex
I'm the best that she's known of
But that home was wrecked when I showed up
Yo I'm up next so they show love
We be in my whip doing donuts
I got the key to her crib
She call me baby so I wear a bib
I get what I want when I want and I dip
She going crazy but I'm bout to hit
Bitch

I sent a text to my ex last night
I drank a bottle of Ciroc last night
I locked my keys in my car last night
Spent 300 dollars at the bar last night yea
I said oh my god
I sent a text to my ex last night
Hell nah bitch
Oh my god
I had sex with my ex last nightLägger en puff, nu jag surfar på molnen
Snurrar upp kush, fötter långt ifrån golvet
Samma tänk, ända sen jag var 12 år
Kommit långt, men trampar sönder samma mark
Vita lögner, hon blir lack
Dopaminet kom ifatt
Hallon-cardi razz, 70 centar jag är fucked

Alla tankar går i loop när vi reser
Prio ett är mata hummus, liksom parenteser
Vi blir större, större som att vi jäser
Mannen vi är hum för vi tänder upp och läser
Fyller hårddiskar med flera tusen megabit
Abdi han har inte payat för ett ända drum-kit
Det finns inget som vi ångrar att vi sagt
Tro mig vi är sadboys hela högen
För vi lägger en puff mannen alla gör något dumt
Och vi slutade med skunk för en stund, det känns skumt
Alla vi gör olika val och vi stannar
Alla vi gör olika val ändå samma

Lägger en puff, nu jag surfar på molnen
Snurrar upp kush, fötter långt ifrån golvet
Samma tänk, ända sen jag var 12 år
Kommit långt, men trampar sönder samma mark
Vita lögner, hon blir lack
Dopaminet kom ifatt
Hallon-cardi razz, 70 centar jag är fucked

Adrenalinet från dig pumpar genom venerna
Sången lugnar nerverna
Skadan vet den gjort dig fucked
Saknar alla vännerna, tog mig genom härderna
När samma tankar jagar mig ner i nätterna
Jag kan inte vara själv, aldrig vara själv
Kan du bara gå iväg, jag kan ta mig var som helst
Behöver bara tänka klart
Lägenheten full och jag trampar på glas
Det är knas mannen
Alla här vill vara likadan
Jag kan stanna in the stu
Enda sättet jag får lugn och
Allt jag ser är folk som vill mig väl
Men jag är ung, jag är dum, kommer alltid vara såhär
Bitch boy lägg en puff och kolla på vår atmosfär

Lägger en puff, nu jag surfar på molnen
Snurrar upp kush, fötter långt ifrån golvet
Samma tänk, ända sen jag var 12 år
Kommit långt, men trampar sönder samma mark
Vita lögner, hon blir lack
Dopaminet kom ifatt
Hallon-cardi razz, 70 centar jag är fucked

På en vecka, vi gör ett album
Tunnel-vision, alla grabbarna ser framåt
De vill stoppa oss, de vill stoppa mig
Meckar den i handen, ingen här kan hindra mig
Hittar sticky när de kollar vårat blod
Hittar sticky när de kollar vårat piss
Allt vi släpper träffar, ingen miss
Allt vi släpper träffar, ingen miss

När jag lägger en puff, då jag surfar på
Då jag surfar på molnen, surfar på
När jag lägger en puff, då jag surfar på
Då jag surfar på molnen, surfar på

Lägger en puff, nu jag surfar på molnen
Snurrar upp kush, fötter långt ifrån golvet
Samma tänk, ända sen jag var 12 år
Kommit långt, men trampar sönder samma mark
Vita lögner, hon blir lack
Dopaminet kom ifatt
Hallon-cardi razz, 70 centar jag är fuckedA helpful god
Under stars
You're old enough to know
In the cars
Out of focus images
Couldn't have been more clear
Would you walk back to your only one
Forming and reforming
No one knows
Where I am tonight
The wind blows through these trees
So I am
Left alone
The wind blows through these trees
So you can
Try and remember me
Mom and dad won't tell you
Hold on to yourself
Don't you want to die?
Tears are falling slowly
Don't even try
I gave you the best years of my life
Volunteered on your behalf
Sacrifice it doesn't matter
For dopamine and lots of laughs(how ya mean)...all dem bwoy ackee from mi tree/mon ah mista gun dem call me dad-dy/(truuue)...watch dem pree/(nuh ab-dicate mi seat)/mon ah king d...dem cyant see me/(I keep my...)totee clean/its so pristine/insert...feel bliss...its dopamine/(& you know)...all.I.spit...is dope, I mean/she gotta play nice the stroke is mean(... nah mean)/triniguyamaican/follow what me makin/me dnt want no frauds dem/(...watch how dem fakin)/she want that...vitamin s, so I gave her the d/she been...ready to F from the day meetin G/when I crack a smile (its a vibrant ting) look how they thirsty (pass dem a ting)/man ah so toasty/pass di mimosy/rosé mi rosey/im too boastyElectronic
Gin and tonic
Mary-Kate and Ashley too
Platform shoes
And deja vu
And I miss you what do i do
Dance dance to the disco beat
Get your freak on and move your feet
Yeah! we're up all night
Up at two to hit the cyph
I wanna make you squirm
Can't let trump serve a second term
Whatever hit my pen
Tomorrow I'll see you again
Like Madonna
I just wanna get with you into the groove
Seventeen
You walk so mean
Give me that steam
That golden green
Give it to me
That dopamineDragged down into an escapist mirage. Hostage to hallucinations. Dead lights play on my compulsions. We used to live in the light. Now we’re swallowed up by shadows. And truth is nothing but a corpse for the vultures. Is this all you’re worth - dopamine through a dead nerve? Collapsed like a spent vein, a payload of diminished returns. Worldview on a wire. Data sick and sleep deprived. Taunted with truths just out of reach. Haunted by proof kept under lock and key. The flesh is a memory blinking out, suspect and subjective. Our currency is calamity. We keep you sick, confused and distracted. Never be well no more. You’ll never be well no more. Waking dream, arrested sanity, eyes glazed over, no hand at the wheel. Welcome to the new Forever(how ya mean)...all dem bwoy ackee from mi tree/mon ah mista gun dem call me dad-dy/(truuue)...watch dem pree/(nuh ab-dicate mi seat)/mon ah king d...dem cyant see me/(I keep my...)totee clean/its so pristine/insert...feel bliss...its dopamine/(& you know)...all.I.spit...is dope, I mean/she gotta play nice the stroke is mean(... nah mean)/triniguyamaican/follow what me makin/me dnt want no frauds dem/(...watch how dem fakin)/she want that...vitamin s, so I gave her the d/she been...ready to F from the day meetin G/when I crack a smile (its a vibrant ting) look how they thirsty (pass dem a ting)/man ah so toasty/pass di mimosy/rosé mi rosey/im too boastyAs night falls in the early hours of the evening
The cold drifts in with a fog of dissonance
As shadows play in the dense forest
The moon caresses my troubled mind
Solitude in the mystery of twilight
I drink deep from the cup of despair
The dark thickens and quietens so
I sigh profoundly with sickening melancholy
Where has the dopamine gone?The moment I noticed myself
I had to leave
I had to find out
All day all night

Across the desert and the sea
This wide, wide world
I wandered
Baby I

I could make it better
I could hold you tighter
On that long road
Oh you're the light
Uninvited
Unwelcome
The only one who recognized me

This eternal night with no end in sight
It's you who gifted me the morning
Can I now hold that hand?
Oh oh
I can make it right

All right
All right
Oh I can make it right

All right
All right
Oh I can make it right

I became a hero in this world
The loud screams that seek me out
My hand, trophy and a gold microphone
All day, everywhere
But all of this is about reaching you
It's the answer to my journey
I'm singing to find you
Baby to you

A little taller than I was before
With a voice a little more solid
All of this to go back to you
Now I'll spread wide a map called you
My rehab
Look at me, why can't you recognize me?
I don't want to hear other people's noises
Your fragrance still penetrates and breaks me down
Let's go back to that time

Baby I know
I can make it better
I can hold you tighter
All those roads
Are pointing to you

Everything was useless
Anything other than you
Just touch me like that time

This eternal night with no end in sight
It's you who gifted me the morning
Now can I hold that hand?
Oh oh
I can make it right

All right
All right
Oh I can make it right

All right
All right
Oh I can make it right

You are still beautiful
Just hold me silently like you did that day, that time
The reason I survived in hell
It's for you, it was not for me
If you know, don't hesitate and please save my life
I'm thirsty wandering this desert without you
So hurry and grab me quickly
I know the sea without you is the same as a desert

All right
I can make it better
I can hold you tighter
Oh I can make it right

Everything was useless
Anything other than you
Oh I can make it rightY'all ain't never just tripped and pictured
And just looked at the whole situation
‘Cause once you look at it
You know, (really do)

They don't give a fuck about us
They don't give a fuck about us
They don't give a fuck about us
If I choose to ride, thuggin' 'til the day I die
Nobody give a fuck about us
And when I start to rise
A hero in their children's eyes
Now they give a fuck about us

Some say niggas is hard-headed ‘cause we love to trip
Equipped with game so we bang with this thuggish shit
I see you tryin' to hide, hopin' that nobody don't notice
You must always remember: you're still a member of the hopeless
See, you're black like me, so you snap like me
When these devils try to plot, trap our young black seeds
Look it, cops are just as crooked as the niggas they chasin'
Lookin' for role models, our father figures is basers
Some say they expect Illuminati take my body to sleep
Niggas at the party with they shotties just as rowdy as me
Before I fear computer chips, I gotta deal with brothers flippin'
I don't see no devils bleedin', only black blood drippin'
We can change — what your mouth say?
I'm watchin' niggas work their lives out without pay
Whatever it takes to switch places with the busters on top
I'm bustin' shots, make the world stop
They don't give a fuck about us

Now If I choose to ride, thuggin' 'til the day I die
Nobody gives a fuck about us
But when I start to rise
A hero in their children's eyes
Now they give a fuck about us
If I choose to ride, thuggin' 'til the day I die
Nobody gives a fuck about us
But when I start to rise
A hero in their children's eyes
Now they give a fuck about us

It's the morning after and now all the laughter is gone
Time to reflect on what you did, ‘cause they sayin' you wrong
I'm sure you had your reasons, dawg, I don't doubt ya
See, the simple fact of the matter is they don't give a fuck about ya
Or them five mouths you forced to feed, not includin' yourself
All you want is wealth, they perceive it as greed
So as you loaded up that MAC and continue to buck 'em
I was on paper, thinkin' they don't give a fuck about us

I'm seein' it clearer, hatin' the picture in the mirror
They claim we inferior, so why the fuck these devils fear ya?
I'm watchin' my nation die, genocide the cause
Expect a blood bath, the aftermath is y'alls
I told you, last album, we need help 'cause we dyin'
Give us a chance, help us advance, ‘cause we tryin'
Ignore my whole plea, watchin' us in disgust
And then they beg when my guns bust
They don't give a fuck about us

Now If I choose to ride, thuggin' 'til the day I die
Nobody gives a fuck about us
But when I start to rise
A hero in their children's eyes
Now they give a fuck about us
If I choose to ride, thuggin' 'til the day I die
Nobody gives a fuck about us
But when I start to rise
A hero in their children's eyes
Now they give a fuck about us

Now, all my homies got love for me
Down to catch a slug for me
Guaranteed to bleed deeply, now that's love
Shit, nobody else could give a fuck
If I'm tore down, from the floor down, six-feet deep in the cut
What the fuck done went wrong?
How long will I be mourned?
When I'm gone, same song, ain't gave a fuck all along
And who am I to blame 'em?
Just do or die through the rainin'
Since they don't give a fuck, I don't; feel what I'm sayin'?

Now, thug niggas die but multiply in doubles
Wrapped in plastic or closed casket for our troubles
Pressed in times, we busted, like bubbles
With the police, this nation's peace sent here to run you
Now look at what this crooked world has come to
I grew up on the other side of perfect, a life of hurtin'
Man, I still hustle, so I'm dyin' certain
So I spent your time in poor and workin', I see no reason
So I stay ballin' season to season
Why you stuck thinkin' that they give a fuck?

You tell me my world is in peace, but nigga, you're lyin'
‘Cause half of my niggas long gone
Buried in the dirt just for tryin'
Sometimes I think my block is dyin' and that is awful
To wake up to another day, shit ain't changed that's all fool
I wake up sweatin', dreamin', coughin'
Seein' me upside down backwards head twisted
While I'm layin' in the coffin
The shit comes around so often; so tell me somethin'
Before I take it out on the world, and get to dumpin'
Nigga, I been so through pain, go through the struggle
Doin' the same thing you did at my age, and that's hustlin'
On the edge of straight bustin'
Well, since you don't give a fuck, I be frontin'
And I'ma drink my Hennessy like it ain't nothin'

If I choose to ride, thuggin' 'til the day I die
They don't gives a fuck about us
But while I'm kickin' rhymes
Kick it to their children's minds
Now they give a fuck about us
They wanna see us die
They kick us every time we try
‘Cause they don't give a fuck about us
So while I'm gettin' high
I'm watchin' as the world goes by
‘Cause they don't give a fuck about us
If I choose to ride, thuggin' 'til the day I die
They don't gives a fuck about us
But while I'm kickin' rhymes
Kick it to their children's minds
Now they give a fuck about us
They wanna see us die
They kick us every time we try
‘Cause they don't give a fuck about us
So while I'm gettin' high
I'm watchin' as the world goes by
‘Cause they don't give a fuck about us
Riiise… riiise!J'suis pas un sale babtou, gars, garde ta bouche à poucave
Garde à vous L'Entourage donc à Paname ça parle tout-par
Quand j'étais petit, j'voulais kicker, les grands m'disaient:
" Dommage que tu sois blanc "
J'ai résisté, fils, et j'ai pétri des bums-al que tu m'vois vendre
Au mic, je tue la France, faut pas que tu t'lamentes, ça rappe sale !
Un max de thunes à prendre
Donc claque le cul d'la banque comme l'Allemagne
Fuck les mecs ennemis de ta team
Qui se moquent des règles et se piquent la nuit
Car il faut que Fenneck t'élimine de la liste
À deux doigts de la tête, j'illumine ma ville
Comme le Diable j'me fais pas prier, trop de menaces, mots éparpillés
Hommes de glace, on est pas libres
On fête la nuit, c'est comme de ne pas
Voir le mal et les tonnes de bavures
Que les porcs et l'époque te cachent
Trop peu de fois chez le peuple de loi, sûr
Mais j'attends que ne sonne le glas
Les noirs m'appellent gwère, les feujs m'appellent goy
Quand les grands m'appellent boy, tous les bons m'appellent frère
Les skins m'appellent métèque, les rebeus m'appellent gaouri
Mes ex m'appellent gars horrible, l'équipe m'appelle Fennek

Alpha Wann, Guizmo et Nekfeu
Les sales bâtards schyzo et nerveux
Qu'est-ce que tu vas faire ? On reste dur à ken
Face à L'Entourage, mec, tu vas perdre
C'est les sales négros et le sale babtou
On est des gars réglos et on vous crache partout
J'te tords et je t'agresse, au cro-mi j'ai l'feeling
La force et l'adresse, un peu comme Yonea et Willy

J'me vois bien, àl prenant vos biens, menant un lifestyle sale
Car j'suis d'la race qui fait peur en province
L'argent, c'est notre devise, les glocks se vident
Le Hop-Hip est mort, elle est loin l'époque de Sydney
Connus parce qu'on vend la cess', l'héroïne
Défraie les chroniques, effraie les gros riches
Mais les gros détestent le métro
Et rêvent d'une XLR, bref, un excès d'rêve
Hétéroclite et vêtements cher qui tape les nerfs optiques
Planque l'encre car mon clan lance l'intifada
On est en manque gravement et ils nous traitent comme des ien-ien
Et comme d'hab ,les schlagos paient, père et mère
Ont des petites vas-go mais ont atteint leur rêve de pav' au bled
Mais du calme, les khos, quand j'aurais assez nné-do
J'me taille vers les côtes, bye bye, c'était Phaal, négro
Tu veux savoir comment c'grizzli là flotte
C'est easy mix Biggie et Nizzy Niz' à la prod

Alpha Wann, Guizmo et Nekfeu
Les sales bâtards schyzo et nerveux
Qu'est-ce que tu vas faire ? On reste dur à ken
Face à L'Entourage, mec, tu vas perdre
C'est les sales négros et le sale babtou
On est des gars réglos et on vous crache partout
J'te tords et je t'agresse, au cro-mi j'ai l'feeling
La force et l'adresse, un peu comme Yonea et Willy

J'ai que des phases terroristes, blastez nos rimes
Achetez nos disques, là, c'est Mo-Guiz de la Caravelle
Sale négroïde, j'veux ma place, après me barrer au soleil
M'éclater au pollen pas cramer aux Baumettes
J'ai gratté aux Aulnettes, au Pologne et le reste
J'ai trop donné le best, on m'a proposé le chèque
Ils ont trop voté Le Pen, le vice et la frustration
Pipez des bites, le Guiz' il se bute à fond
J'ai niqué des bitches, évité les flics
Effrité des spliffs, débité des lignes et tisé des litres
Non ça sert à rien d'parler, pour eux, j'suis qu'un sale négro
Pas réglo tas d'bédo à té-cô de la table de mixage
Je parle de vie crade, de cash et de bicrave et de vie sale
Je rappe et je vis mal comme un père qui frappe ses gosses
Négro, sache que ça m'gave quand tu m'grattes des clopes
 ×2
Alpha Wann, Guizmo et Nekfeu
Les sales bâtards schyzo et nerveux
Qu'est-ce que tu vas faire ? On reste dur à ken
Face à L'Entourage, mec, tu vas perdre
C'est les sales négros et le sale babtou
On est des gars réglos et on vous crache partout
J'te tords et je t'agresse, au cro-mi j'ai l'feeling
La force et l'adresse, un peu comme Yonea et WillyYeah
I was lost, I was trying to find the answer
In the world around me
Yeah, I was going crazy
All day, all night
You're the only one who understood me
And all that I was going through
Yeah, I just gotta tell you
Oh, baby I

I could make it better
I could hold you tighter
’Cause through the morning
Oh you're the light (Oh)
And I almost lost ya
But I can't forget ya
’Cause you were the reason that I survived

You were there for me through all the times I cried
I was there for you and then I lost my mind
I know that I messed up but I promise I
Oh-oh, I can make it right

All right
All right
Oh-oh, I can make it right
All right
All right
Oh-oh, I can make it right

I became a hero in this world
The loud screams that seek me out
My hand, trophy and a gold microphone
All day, everywhere
But all of this is about reaching you
It's the answer to my journey
I'm singing to find you
Baby to you

A little taller than I was before
With a voice a little more solid
All of this to go back to you
Now I'll spread wide a map called you
My rehab
Look at me, why can't you recognize me?
I don't want to hear other people's noises
Your fragrance still penetrates and breaks me down
Let's go back to that time

Baby I know
I can make it better
I can hold you tighter
All those roads
Are pointing to you

Everything was useless
Anything other than you
Just touch me like that time

This eternal night with no end in sight
It’s you who gifted me the morning
Now can I hold that hand?
Oh oh
I can make it right

All right
All right
Oh I can make it right

All right
All right
Oh I can make it right

You are still beautiful
Just hold me silently like you did that day, that time
The reason I survived in hell
It’s for you, it was not for me
If you know, don't hesitate and please save my life
I’m thirsty wandering this desert without you
So hurry and grab me quickly
I know the sea without you is the same as a desert

All right
I can make it better
I can hold you tighter
Oh I can make it right

Everything was useless
Anything other than you
Oh I can make it rightJe ne vis que de voyage, je ne suis que de passage
Ne t'attache pas à moi bébé, je dois faire mes bagages
Dans le monde je me balade, j'vais à gauche à droite
Pas de star-co cravate et je m'amuse quand je travaille
Mekra, Framal et Nekfeu me rappellent
Ma vie à Paname, même au bout de la terre
Donc j'suis jamais dépaysé et savoir qui va présider
Je ne vois pas la nécessité car bientôt j'vais quitter ces terres
Faire des sous c'est nécessaire, j'en ai marre de faire des réserves
J'veux rider avec tes fesses, me la péter dans ma Mercedes
J'veux traverser l'hémisphère, mais j'peux pas sans faire de bénef
Trop côtoyé la misère, au final j'en perds mes rêves

Sur mes terres je fais la loi, pas besoin d'élever la voix
J'ai l'instinct d'un félin, moi, j'ai l'instinct d'un félin
Sur mes terres je fais la loi, pas besoin d'élever la voix
J'ai l'instinct d'un félin, moi, j'ai l'instinct d'un félin
Rien ne peut m'empêcher de répandre mon message, moi
Peu importe la hauteur je retomberai sur mes pattes
Rien ne peut m'empêcher de répandre mon message, moi
Peu importe la hauteur je retomberai sur mes pattes

Un saut chez l'épicier, une canette un Mister Freeze
J'ai promis à cette actrice que j'passerais pour sa remise de prix
J'suis venu j'ai décale sec, rien à foutre des soirées
J'ai rejoint une jolie Galsen, son afro est soigné
Des courbes qui donnent le tournis, des yeux qui t'imposent le respect
Dès qu'elle a quitté ton lit même à six du mat' elle reste belle
Elle a les hanches larges et la même taille que l'héroïne d'un hentai
J'casse des barres quand elle m'taille, elle m'taille
On fait l'amour et je m'taille, au bout d'une nuit mes fréros manquent
Elle m'écrira des vrais romans, j'répondrais par mes phéromones
Et finalement, on se verra moins fidèle a ma horde
J'ai l'instinct d'un félin, moi, donc elle fait la morte

Sur mes terres je fais la loi, pas besoin d'élever la voix
J'ai l'instinct d'un félin, moi, j'ai l'instinct d'un félin
Sur mes terres je fais la loi, pas besoin d'élever la voix
J'ai l'instinct d'un félin, moi, j'ai l'instinct d'un félin
Rien ne peut m'empêcher de répandre mon message, moi
Peu importe la hauteur je retomberai sur mes pattes
Rien ne peut m'empêcher de répandre mon message, moi
Peu importe la hauteur je retomberai sur mes pattes

Solitaire qui traine en bande, j'ai pas l'air sympathique
En effet c'est vrai j'aime pas la fée mais les fanatiques
J'arrive tel un tsunami, fallait t'méfier de l'eau qui dort
Après avoir vu les filles défiler j'veux des lo-ki d'or
J'ai pas eu l'enfant du mec riche, plein de vices, très mal élevé
Quand les vengeances du rire que le pardon pour les arrêter
J'aime pas faire semblant j'suis vrai j'suis pas la honte de ma ruelle
A croire qu'c'est en vendant du rêve que le tien deviendra réel
J'm'appelle Mekra, j'suis né pour baffer les plafs
Les faux frères, ouais, tout ces mecs la
J'suis un félin femelle, on t'fera la fête
Si t'as le boule bombé ça fera l'affaire

Sur mes terres je fais la loi, pas besoin d'élever la voix
J'ai l'instinct d'un félin, moi, j'ai l'instinct d'un félin
Sur mes terres je fais la loi, pas besoin d'élever la voix
J'ai l'instinct d'un félin, moi, j'ai l'instinct d'un félin
Rien ne peut m'empêcher de répandre mon message, moi
Peu importe la hauteur je retomberai sur mes pattes
Rien ne peut m'empêcher de répandre mon message, moi
Peu importe la hauteur je retomberai sur mes pattes

Félin, félinMaybe red's like roses
Maybe it's the pool of blood
The innocents will lay in
When in the end, you've failed to save them
Their dying eyes
Are wide and white like snow
And now they know
The cost of trusting you's obliteration

Mirrors will shatter
Crushed by the weight of the world
The pillars collapse in shame

There'll be no rest
There'll be no love
There'll be no hero in the end
Who will rise above
And when it ends
The good will crawl
The shining light will sink in darkness
Victory for hate incarnate
Misery and pain for all
When it falls

Swallowed by the darkness
Soon the moon is bathed in black
The light of hope is taken
And discontent is the contagion
The blinding eyes
That burn a yellow flame
The embers that remain
Will light the fuse of condemnation

Kingdoms in tatters
Hung on the brink of a war
The peace will succumb to flames


This is not a tragedy
It's not an accident
You placed your faith in fools
And now you'll smother in lament
They play the part of allies
Claiming peace their only goal
But once the fight for power starts
They'll eat each other whole
Their iron gloves point fingers
They'll wage a war of blame
And mankind will wilt in pain

There'll be no rest
There'll be no love
There'll be no hero in the end
Who will rise above
And when it ends
The good will crawl
The shining light will sink in darkness
Victory for hate incarnate
Misery and pain for all
When it fallsBless my soul, Herc was on a roll
Person of the week in every Greek opinion poll
What a pro! Herc could stop a show
Point him at a monster and you're talking S-R-O
He was a no one (A zero, zero)
Now he's a hot shot, he's a hero
Here was a kid with his act down pat
From zero to hero in no time flat
Zero to hero just like that
When he smiled the girls went wild with
"Oohs" and "aahs"
And they slapped his face on every vase
(On every "vase")
From appearance fees and royalties
Our Herc had cash to burn
Now nouveau riche and famous
He could tell you
What's a Grecian earn
Say "Amen!," there he goes again
Sweet and undefeated
And an awesome 10 for 10
Folks lined up just to watch him flex
And this perfect package packed a pair of pretty pecs
Hercie, he comes, he sees, he conquers
Honey, the crowds were going bonkers
He showed the moxie, brains and spunk
From zero to hero a major hunk
Zero to hero and who'da thunk?
Who put the "glad" in "gladiator"? (Hercules!)
Whose daring deeds are great theatre? (Hercules!)
Isn't he bold? (No one braver!)
Isn't he sweet? (Our favorite flavor!)
Hercules!, Hercules!
Hercules!, Hercules!
Hercules!, Hercules!
Bless my soul, Herc was on a roll - undefeated
Riding high (And the nicest guy) - not conceited
He was a nothing (A zero, zero)
Now he's a hot shot, he's a hero
He hit the heights at breakneck speed
From zero to hero
Herc is a hero
Now he's a hero (Awww, yeah!)
Yes indeed!And so it is
Just like you said it would be
Life goes easy on me
Most of the time

And so it is
The shorter story
No love, no glory
No hero in her skies

I can't take my eyes off of you
I can't take my eyes off of you
I can't take my eyes off of you
I can't take my eyes off of you
I can't take my eyes off of you
I can't take my eyes

And so it is
Just like you said it should be
We'll both forget the breeze
Most of the time

And so it is
The colder water
The blower's daughter
The pupil in denial

I can't take my eyes off of you
I can't take my eyes off of you
I can't take my eyes off of you
I can't take my eyes off of you
I can't take my eyes off of you
I can't take my eyes off of you

Oh, did I say
That I loathe you?
Did I say that I want to
Leave it all behind?

I can't take my mind off of you
I can't take my mind off of you
I can't take my mind off of you
I can't take my mind off of you
I can't take my mind off of you
I can't take my mind off of you
My mind
My mind...
Till I find somebody newTu peux lever les bras vers le ciel
Personne viendra pour te sauver
Appelle les renforts, appelle à l'aide
Tout c'qu'on veut, nous, c'est se sauver
Skalpovich

Bienvenue dans l'monde héroïque
Où ne plus vivre malheureux, c'est mourir dans un décès comique
Où Malcolm n'est plus X, mais le frère de Reese
Où l'on ne combat plus le mal, mais le favorise
On porte des capes pour mieux s'élever
Socialement, c'est mieux avec une plaque LV
Se défenestre, pas pour sauver Loïs
Mais comme Marina Foïs, à la fin de "Polisse"
Les X-Men, schizophrènes comme des poupées russes
Qui cherchent l'amour au rayon X d'un SexToys'r'us
Change les Super Nanas en Pussy Riot
Combat la pauvreté dans l'monde en maillot sur un yacht
Mon pouvoir ? Être fils de de haut placé
Être l'époux de l'héroïne de la famille opiacée
Les valeurs sont boursières, ma devise est l'espèce
On m'appelle "Capitaine American Express"

Tu peux lever les bras vers le ciel
Personne viendra pour te sauver
Appelle les renforts, appelle à l'aide
Tout c'qu'on veut, nous, c'est se sauver
Tu peux lever les bras vers le ciel
Courage : fuyons !
Personne viendra pour te sauver
Courage : fuyons !
Appelle les renforts, appelle à l'aide
Courage : fuyons !
Tout c'qu'on veut, nous, c'est se sauver
Courage : fuyons !

Tu veux qu'on t'offre une médaille ?
Tu veux maîtriser la force, devenir Maître Jedi ?
Tu veux qu'on apprenne ta bio dans les moindres détails ?
J'veux qu'tu fasses partie du bétail : t'es rien de spécial
Tu veux des trompettes et des colombes à tes funérailles ?
Tu veux nous montrer la bonne voie ? J'veux t'voir percuter l'rail
Tu veux l'avoir avant moi, la grande gloire, la joie, les filles en chaleur
J'tisserai ma toile quitte à c'que j'arrache les avant-bras d'Peter Parker
Tu voulais sauver des vies ? Fallait t'inscrire en médecine
Tu joues les supers justiciers, t'es qu'un homme en legging
Les chevaliers, les rangers, les gentlemans au grand cœur, les vengeurs
J'leur coupe les ailes avant qu'ils prennent de l'ampleur
Tu veux faire des sacrifices, tu veux devenir un symbole ?
J'veux qu'ta mort serve à rien, j'veux qu't'exploses en plein vol
Nombreux sur le créneau, j'attendrai pas leurs mégots
J'laisserai personne prendre ma place : je serai le héros

Tu peux lever les bras vers le ciel
Personne viendra pour te sauver
Appelle les renforts, appelle à l'aide
Tout c'qu'on veut, nous, c'est se sauver
Tu peux lever les bras vers le ciel
Courage : fuyons !
Personne viendra pour te sauver
Courage : fuyons !
Appelle les renforts, appelle à l'aide
Courage : fuyons !
Tout c'qu'on veut, nous, c'est se sauver
Courage : fuyons !

Les bouffons d'hier, aujourd'hui sont des Van Gogh
Des Monsieur Propre avec l'hygiène de vie d'Hancock
Des coquilles vides qui s'acoquinent à la vie d'pirate
S'attribuent des droits d'super-héros sans copyright
On rêve de soulever des brancards, porter l'étendard
On retourne à nos quotidiens juste après l'écran noir
Les superpuissances peuvent nous faire sauter n'importe quand
Personne viendra t'sauver si t'es personne d'important

Tu peux lever les bras vers le ciel
Personne viendra pour te sauver
Appelle les renforts, appelle à l'aide
Tout c'qu'on veut, nous, c'est se sauver
Tu peux lever les bras vers le ciel
Courage : fuyons !
Personne viendra pour te sauver
Courage : fuyons !
Appelle les renforts, appelle à l'aide
Courage : fuyons !
Tout c'qu'on veut, nous, c'est se sauver
Courage : fuyons !

Courage : fuyons !
Courage : fuyons !Tell me not, in mournful numbers,
        Life is but an empty dream!
For the soul is dead that slumbers,
        And things are not what they seem.
Life is real! Life is earnest!
        And the grave is not its goal;
Dust thou art, to dust returnest,
        Was not spoken of the soul.
Not enjoyment, and not sorrow,
        Is our destined end or way;
But to act, that each to-morrow
        Find us farther than to-day.
Art is long, and Time is fleeting,
        And our hearts, though stout and brave,
Still, like muffled drums, are beating
        Funeral marches to the grave.
In the world's broad field of battle,
        In the bivouac of Life,
Be not like dumb, driven cattle!
        Be a hero in the strife!
Trust no Future, howe'er pleasant!
        Let the dead Past bury its dead!
Act,—act in the living Present!
        Heart within, and God o'erhead!
Lives of great men all remind us
        We can make our lives sublime,
And, departing, leave behind us
        Footprints on the sands of time;—
Footprints, that perhaps another,
        Sailing o'er life's solemn main,
A forlorn and shipwrecked brother,
        Seeing, shall take heart again.
Let us, then, be up and doing,
        With a heart for any fate;
Still achieving, still pursuing,
        Learn to labor and to wait.Uh oh
There you go again, talking cinematic
Yeah, you
You're charming
Got everybody starstruck
I know how you always seem to go
For the obvious, instead of me
But get a ticket, and you'll see

If we were a movie, you'd be the right guy
And I'd be the best friend that you'd fall in love with
In the end, we'd be laughing
Watching the sunset
Fade to black, show the names, play that happy song

Yeah, yeah
When you call me, I can hear it in your voice
Oh sure
Wanna see me and tell me all about her?
La la
I'll be acting through my tears
Guess you'll never know that I should win an Oscar for this scene I'm in

If we were a movie, you'd be the right guy
And I'd be the best friend that you'd fall in love with
In the end, we'd be laughing
Watching the sunset
Fade to black, show the names, play that happy song

Wish I could tell you there's a twist
Some kind of hero in disguise and we're together
It's for real, now playing
Wish I could tell you there's a kiss
Like something more than in my mind
I see it could be amazing if we were a movie

If we were a movie, you'd be the right guy
And I'd be the best friend that you'd fall in love with
In the end, we'd be laughing
Watching the sunset
Fade to black, show the names, play that happy song
If we were a movie, you'd be the right guy
And I'd be the best friend that you'd fall in love with
In the end, we'd be laughing
Watching the sunset
Fade to black, show the names, play that happy songBoutèy nwa, sèk, glas c'est "Dom Pérignon classe"
Alkòl nwa, bouzin mwen nwa, senk etwal c'est bon bagay
Pirat nwa, bato nwa, drapo mwen nwa, kouto mwen sal
Ünkut mayo mwen nwa, vèst Hooligan mwen "tout est noir"
Mitrayèt mwen sé on TEC-9, otomatik li "tout est noir"
Zam yo w'la deja konnen si gwo pwoblèm map toujou la
Rap kréyol, flow mwen dépasé
Mandé bondié pou i banm fòs la
Bouzin yo kanpé, yo faché, pensé m'pa tap janm rivé la
Champs-Élysées map fimé kush nan Mercedes ki tout est blan
Pa gen "bonjou" pa gen "bonswa" c'est "fuck you" tout le tan
Bakel City zoo land, nouvo makout gouvènman
Pirat entènasyonal la pété boutèy san rezon

Un boutèy, de boutèy, twa boutèy (nap fimé kush)
Alkòl nwa, japonè, bouzin chinwa (nap konyen tout)
V.I.P. lè mal lan bal
Dyaspora m'sé an nèg la kay
Dyaman jòn, koulè ble
Tout abiy mwen est tout de nwa
Alkòl nwa, Jack Daniel's : "tout est noir"
92izi Bakel City : "tout est noir"
Little Haïtizi zoo land : "tout est noir"
Bah morray sakapfet la
Alkòl nwa, Jack Daniel's : "tout est noir"
92izi Bakel City : "tout est noir"
Little Haïtizi zoo land : "tout est noir"
Bah morray sakapfet la

"Tout est noir" : Kalash, Uzi, fusil, Glock
Jack, Cîroc, tous les soirs
Tout est-tout est re-noi
Pont de Sèvres Mala Brazza
ASB le square demande à ma biatch elle a hâja, ma biatch elle a hâja
Me-sper dans ton crachat, haschish, marijuana
Héroïne dans la ke-schné
Que dalle c'est tout c'que j'ai
Toute ta clique on canarde
Singe mort mange moins de bananes
Ton tur-fu dans un canal
T'es certifié pointeur, mange certifié hallal
J'suis un rate-pi dans un hamac
On te lapide dans un hammam
Yankee Alpha xe-Fo, izère deux fois Alpha
Yankee Alpha xe-Ze, Fo-zo izère deux-Ze, Alpha

Un boutèy, de boutèy, twa boutèy (nap fimé kush)
Alkòl nwa, japonè, bouzin chinwa (nap konyen tout)
V.I.P. lè mal lan bal
Dyaspora m'sé an nèg la kay
Dyaman jòn, koulè ble
Tout abiy mwen est tout de nwa
Alkòl nwa, Jack Daniel's : "tout est noir"
92izi Bakel City : "tout est noir"
Little Haïtizi zoo land : "tout est noir"
Bah morray sakapfet la
Alkòl nwa, Jack Daniel's : "tout est noir"
92izi Bakel City : "tout est noir"
Little Haïtizi zoo land : "tout est noir"
Bah morray sakapfet laNaked in the bathtub, sitting on the porcelain
Waiting for that little hurricane to pull your torso
And the water don't run; just drips like rain
Still drips like a painkiller drips to the veins
Fill it up with a bag of that happy stuff
Cause the way she runs out you can tell she ain't had enough
Good times goddess, my goodness
Goth fingernail polish autopilot footprints
With a smile that's stitched to the fabric
Of bedtime tales that keep them kids out of the attic
The mouth of madness, loud and manic
The motive of the word, hold it south on the atlas
Picture a hole, put your hero in
Envision the goal, now zero in
Been watching your night train track for the last few stops
With no desire to hop in
How did we end up in your apartment?
Pocket full of gossip says this ain't smart
When it's all said and done can't hit restart
But I'll be damned if I don't wanna kiss you...hard

Shoulda known better not to fuck with you
Ain't got nothing but too much to lose
Lost in the rush, don't know what to do
That drug got you like I want you
Shoulda known better not to fuck with you
Ain't got nothing but too much to lose
Lost in the rush, don't know what to do
That drug got you like I want you

I've got a restraining order against Satan's daughter
And I keep it at the bottom of this Jameson & water
And when we get there, we can sit there and stare
From behind your mascara and your thick hair
I'm aware of that pain you harbor
The same that give game to the names you martyr
Apart from the details of substance and what not
I fucks wit that hunger of love pistol gut rot
Bloodshot, gimme one shot, my shot
Propped up on enough talk to make the time stop
The lines of chalk that that Benjamin might cop
Killed the illustrations on the neighborhood sidewalks
Then all of a sudden she got silent
Pupils like marbles hide behind the eyelids
Getaway sticks, go limp and hold place
That fucked up smile sucked up most her face
Truly beauty, seemed serene, each criticism becomes redeemed
Swallow my words no more judgement is through
'Cause you look like what I feel like when I'm with you
 (x2)
Shoulda known better not to fuck with you
Ain't got nothing but too much to lose
Lost in the rush, don't know what to do
That drug got you like I want you
Shoulda known better not to fuck with you
Ain't got nothing but too much to lose
Lost in the rush, don't know what to do
That drug got you like I want youIci-bas, c'est un fardeau
Mais ton amour soulève des montagnes
Ton cœur est plus grand qu'el mundo
Donc, c'est la fin du monde si tu n'es plus là
Dis-moi, où as-tu trouvé ta joie
Après tout ce que j'ai fait comme dégâts ? yeah
Même des fois où t'as risqué ta vie
Tu me disais « que serait l'amour sans le risque ? »
Jamais peur ni affaiblie
Tu me l'as jamais montré, c'est moi je l'ai ressenti

T'as supporté ma folie, belle et solide, forte et jolie

Une grande femme comme Tata
Courageuse comme Tata
Bellissima comme Tata
Je t'aime comme Pablo a aimé Tata
Je n'aime que toi comme Tata
Grande femme tout comme Tata
Courageuse tout comme Tata
Bellissima tout comme Tata
Comme Pablo, j'mourrais à tes côtés Tata

Tu m'as offert ta life
T'es la seule à qui j'peux tout donner après mama
Vivons cachés, vivons pas là
Même dans les pires moments, on s'est jamais dit bye-bye-bye
Dans les pires ennuis, même en tort t'étais là pour me soutenir
J'suis ton homme et t'es mon héroïne
Rien à envier à toutes ces gamines
Et même quand je suis pas là
T'assure mon rôle mieux qu'un bonhomme
T'as jamais cherché richesses et palaces
Riche dans le cœur et dans l'âme

T'as supporté ma folie, belle et solide, forte et jolie

Une grande femme comme Tata
Courageuse comme Tata
Bellissima comme Tata
Je t'aime comme Pablo a aimé Tata
Je n'aime que toi comme Tata
Grande femme tout comme Tata
Courageuse tout comme Tata
Bellissima tout comme Tata
Comme Pablo, j'mourrais à tes côtés Tata

LaLa ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta
LaLa La La La La La La La
LaLa ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta
LaLa La La La La La La La
La la la la la la la la la la
La la la la la la la la la la
YohohohohoI see the writing on the wall
I was playing it too safe
Playing it too safe is dangerous
All the things that kept me going
Was all the things that slowed me down
I see the writing on the wall

I thought it was here, but it's not my fault
You said it was there, but it's not over there
Oh, fuck yeah
It's gonna be somewhere you'll see

I don't wanna know
Guess we could make up stuff to talk about
Woah oh oh oh oh oh

I wanna put you in my crocodile mouth
And drag you to the bottom of my swamp
Oh, fuck yeah
It's gonna be something to see


I don't really know where I'm going
Not sure that I wanna be knowing
Everyone's the hero in their made-up movie life
I was playing it too safe I see
Playing it too safe is dangerous
Maybe not for me but for them

People who do not do anything know
Exactly where all their time is going
Oh, fuck yeah
Gonna be— happier maybe

People in the wrong bodies, mountain broken like a heart
Drive a highway through you like a rainbow arc
It's all over there, oh somewhere
It's gonna be, cheap, maybe free

Stay a while
I never wanted it to go that way
Say it in a while
A plane flies through the moon
Or we could think of things to talk about
Save it in a pile
Woah oh oh oh oh oh oh ohAn jeden Bullen da draußen: Tae Bo ist kein Kampfsport
Du kannst mich dissen, doch dein Tod ist die Antwort
Eindhoven nach Frankfurt, gestreckt mit Ethanol
Guckst du auf mein' Schmuck, machst du eine Kettenreaktion
Klatsche dich, du Fake
Denn deine Tracks sind wie Rihanna nach dem Sex: angelehnt an Drake
MOK und seine Sippe, ein paar Fotzen ohne Titten
Bin wie Thor, ein Hummer ist mein Fortbewegungsmittel
Mit bronze Leder-Sitzen, weil ich Tonnen Beyda ticke
Wenn ich komme, gibt es Stiche - der Don in diesem Business
Überrolle diese Bitches, wenn sie wollen, dass ich spitte
Weil ich songsmäßig vernichte, mein Erfolg ist, dich zu ficken
Bitch, ich werd' niemals in die Schufa kommen
Denn ich bin Unternehmer wie Fußballstollen
Sie fürchten mich, weil ich jetzt Bandagen anhab'
Und mein Wecker ist meistens ein SEK-Beamter, Bitch!

Heut' sagt jeder Dreckskanake (jeder Dreckskanake), dass er Koka vertickt (was?!)
Jeder Nuttensohn in Deutschland (jeder Nuttensohn) dreht jetzt Low-Budget-Clips (ihr Pisser!)
Wenn ich die Großstadt betrete (mit dem Mansory), nehm' ich die Stoßstange mit (und du bist tot!)
Und du kannst dich glücklich schätzen, wenn du dem Koma entwischst (dem Koma entwischst!)

Rapper klingen wie der Dolmetscher von Kaaris
Und denken, damit werden sie ein Goldrapper wie Farid
20-Zoll-Felgen in Platin, richt' die Waffe auf dich
Du hast nur Latte in der Short, wenn dir Kaffee drauf kippt
Du rappst über Bitches mit Traum-Oberweite
Doch deine Bitch hat nicht einmal im Traum Oberweite
Für Blut kriege ich kein Applaus in der Juice
Doch wär's ein leerer Rohling, würd' ich mehr verkaufen als du
Bist du reich wie ich und trägst bunte Prada-Jacken
Wollen Bitches aus dir einen jungen Vater machen
Ich komm' aus der Sonnenbank, du bist heroinbleich
Drückt dein Finger auf die Gun, muss es ein Emoji sein
Kidnappe Prominente und mach' ohne Ende Moos
Ich will zwei Millionen Lösegeld für Boris Beckers Sohn
Hole mir mein Flous bevor Cops die Gewehre sicherstellen
Banger Musik - wir sind das neue Medellín-Kartell

Heut' sagt jeder Dreckskanake (jeder Dreckskanake), dass er Koka vertickt (was?!)
Jeder Nuttensohn in Deutschland (jeder Nuttensohn) dreht jetzt Low-Budget-Clips (ihr Pisser!)
Wenn ich die Großstadt betrete (mit dem Mansory), nehm' ich die Stoßstange mit (und du bist tot!)
Und du kannst dich glücklich schätzen, wenn du dem Koma entwischst (dem Koma entwischst!)

(B-B-Banger Musik!), ihr seid Kleinkriminelle
Macht auf Mafia, doch könnt nur meine Reifen abstechen
(B-B-Banger Musik!), fick die Einzelhaft!
Ist man 'ne Scheinfirma, wenn man zu viel Scheine macht?
(B-B-Banger Musik!), der Komissar hat Schiss
Und dein Reim ist fett, wenn er Oli Marquart disst
(B-B-Banger Musik!), ich lass' Mütter blasen
Und am Tag der Toten wird zurückgeschlagen

Heut' sagt jeder Dreckskanake (jeder Dreckskanake), dass er Koka vertickt (was?!)
Jeder Nuttensohn in Deutschland (jeder Nuttensohn) dreht jetzt Low-Budget-Clips (ihr Pisser!)
Wenn ich die Großstadt betrete (mit dem Mansory), nehm' ich die Stoßstange mit (und du bist tot!)
Und du kannst dich glücklich schätzen, wenn du dem Koma entwischst (dem Koma entwischst!)Okay, so it's recording, it's recording now.
It's 8:31 AM and I am currently talking to my laptop and I don't exactly know how to have a conversation with my laptop while I'm by myself
So this is gonna be, um how do you call it, a try?
Um, so here we go.
So I'm pretty sure we have a lot of SoundCloud fans that actually don't have a Twitter, Tumblr, or an Instagram or anything such as that.
Cause I'm sure that a lot of you just discovered my music through SoundCloud and probably don't know how to get in contact with me.
So here's how we're gonna, here's how we're gonna keep in contact for those of you that actually, like diehard fans.
Cause I'm pretty sure a lot of our diehard fans don't have the main social networks.
So what I want you guys to do is either download Tumblr, Twitter, Instagram, or maybe even Snapchat.
And I'm gonna give you each of my names and I'm gonna put em in the, in the description and I'm gonna put my partners' names and I'm gonna, like different, different people that I'm working with or whatever you guys want from me.
I'm gonna start answering questions through Tumblr so if you wanna get in contact with me to have a conversation, you're gonna contact me through Tumblr.
If you want to, I mean just look at what the fuck I'm thinking and have a comment on what I'm thinking, that would usually be on Twitter.
Um, Instagram obviously is just, just photos
I mean the extent to it's just a DM, I see pretty much where I check is the DM's is why I go on Instagram. So if you wanna get in contact with me, again, Instagram.
My, I'll give you contact to my manager so that way you can contact my managers easier if you have a line of business that you want to contact me for. Please only contact if it is for business.
What, I mean as far as the shows we have, what's the shows we have coming up?
We have one in West Palm, West Palm Beach on Friday with Wifisfuneral.
And then I have a, I have a show with my partner the day after and also with my partner Pollari, Kevin Pollari.
I mean if you wanna come to those shows, those are the dates.
Friday, West Palm Beach, myself and wifisfuneral.
And Saturday, I'll be attending my partner's show in, what is it, Miami?
Well, so yeah it's in Wynwood, Miami.
So what I need you guys to do is go on our social networks and follow us.
So for Twitter, my social network name would be what my artist name is on SoundCloud.
X-X-X-T-E-N-T-A-C-I-O-N
For, I'll give you Instagram, for Instagram: heroinfather, H-E-R-O-I-N-F-A-T-H-E-R
For Snapchat, theheroinfather, T-H-E-H-E-R-O-I-N-F-A-T-H-E-R
Tumblr, xxxtentacion.tumblr.com, so X-X-X-T-E-N-T-A-C-I-O-N, dot tumblr, T-U-M-B-L-R, dot com.
And, um, I'm pretty sure that'd be it.
Alright, well, on a different note, here's what I'll cover. We'll call it "a helping hand."
Damn, I gotta get in my feelings I guess.
For those of you that I guess feel misguided or feel, what would the word be?
A little bit not in tune with what's going on around you and you feel confused, you feel like you're just following whatever is right in front of you
Here's what I call a helping hand, here's how I'll help you do it:
With whatever you apply your attention to is which direction your life will go in.
So say for instance you see money in your life and that's what you want more of.
The more you apply your attention towards money is the more it will appear.
The more you apply your attention towards bad things in your life, the more it will appear.
The more you apply your attention, such as the good things in your life, the more it will appear.
People think that people such as DJ Khaled, or like people that are successful maybe people like Kanye.
Or these bigger artist, they see them as crazy because of what they display and that they display it so simple, but it's literally what it is.
So, the key to success would be more success. The more you apply your attention towards your success.
The more you apply your attention to the good things around you, the more you apply your attention to the things that you want in your life is the more it appears.
And that, there's no other way to actually say that, so for those of you that feel like you've been thrown into some sort of disarray.
Woah, did it pause? Oh, well no it didn't pause.
Yeah, for those of you that are kind of like lost in space in your mind, just understand that your attention is important.
Whatever you, whatever you, how do I put it?
What you want will appear if you surround yourself with it.
So if you want that brand new car, surround yourself with success, surround yourself with money so this car will eventually pop up.
There's no simpler way-holy shit.
Shouts out to Teflon Sean.
You need to make a, need to make a SoundCloud, Teflon.
But yeah, also, study the Golden Beetle.
With that being said, goodbye.Give me a new single
Make me a new baby
Gonna eat all the candy while you straddle and lay me
Gonna know all the words before you come on top
And I sing them back at you while you try to nap
While the world riots on, we're so happy to be listening to our radio
Our saviour, oh
While the world melts on down we're so happy to be listening to our radio
Now break it on down slow

Slave to the radio, slave to the radio, slave to the radio
3.30
Slave to the radio, slave to the radio, slave to the radio
3.30

Now don't you look good sucking American dick
You're so surprised they like you
You're so cute and so quick
Singing I've got the moves of a tv queen
Folk girl hero in a magazine
Faking the truth in a new pop song
Don't you wanna sing along

Slave to the radio, slave to the radio, slave to the radio
3.30
Slave to the radio, slave to the radio, slave to the radio
3.30

Highway blues and gasoline fumes
It's all I seem to make while I'm playing my tunes
I know the rules
I asked for it too
But I just keep on yelling, keep on running, never stopping
Do you got the moves?
To make it stick, yeah
To get the clicks, yeah
Technicolor your every move
Can you keep 'em coming?
Like a machine, yeah
Be Your Blue Jean yeah
What can we do to get you on the news?

Slave to the radio, slave to the radio, slave to the radio
3.30
Slave to the radio, slave to the radio, slave to the radio
3.30

Slave to the radio, wait til' they forget you though, slave to the radio
3.30
Slave to the radio, slave to the radio, slave to the radio
3.30Living on the edge
Fighting crime, spinning webs
Swinging from the highest ledge
He can leap above our heads

Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah

Villians on the rise
And the city's victimized
Looking up with no surprise
Arriving in the speed of time

Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah

Spectacular, Spectacular Spider-Man
Spectacular, Spectacular Spider-Man
Spectacular, Spectacular Spider-Man
Spectacular

Crawling through the night
Facing evil in his might
He's a hero in our eyes
See the headlights every time

Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah

Making villains fall
Webbing rivals to a halt
Racing up and down the walls
Bringing justice to us all

Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah

Spectacular, Spectacular Spider-Man
Spectacular, Spectacular Spider-Man
Spectacular, Spectacular Spider-Man
Spectacular

Spectacular, Spectacular Spider-Man
Spectacular, Spectacular Spider-ManBeen around the world and I, I, I, I can't find my baby
Things gettin' crazy, losin' my patience
Why you keep me waitin'
Goin' through the phases
Got me walkin' out the house all done up
Just in case I see your face and you decide to run up
Yeah, I'm in a different place, I need someone to hold on to
I been sendin' up a prayer hope the call gets through

'Cause my heart beats for you only
I wonder if you even know me
Countin' down every moment
That I wait for ya, I wait for ya
I wonder if you even notice
Lately I've been feelin' hopeless
Easy to lose focus, but I'll wait for ya...

I've been looking for a savior
I've been looking for a savior
I've been looking for a hero in my corner
I've been looking for a savior, a savior, to save me

I've been looking for a savior, a savior, to save me

I feel like God playin' tricks on me, got a fix on me
Feel the weight of the world like I got a brick on me
Had a dance with the devil and he got a grip on me
I'm just tryna get to heaven, hope you got a ticket for me, uh
If I'm Lois Lane, where's my Superman?
I need you faster than a bullet or a speedin' train
And when you find your way to me then I won't need a thing
And I can't wait until the day that we can meet again

'Cause my heart beats for you only
I wonder if you even know me
Countin' down every moment
That I wait for ya, I wait for ya
I wonder if you even notice
Lately I've been feelin' hopeless
Easy to lose focus, but I'll wait for ya...

I've been looking for a savior
I've been looking for a savior
I've been looking for a hero in my corner
I've been looking for a savior, a savior, to save me

Savin' my love for you, savin' my love for you (savin' it)
Savin' it all for you, savin' it all for you, all for you
Savin' my love for you, savin' my love for you (savin' it)
Savin' it all for you, savin' it all for you

I've been looking for a savior
I've been looking for a savior
I've been looking for a hero in my corner
I've been looking for a savior, a savior, to save me

I've been looking for a savior, a savior, to save meOh, get me away from here I'm dying
Play me a song to set me free
Nobody writes them like they used to
So it may as well be me
Here on my own now after hours
Here on my own now on a bus
Think of it this way
You could either be successful or be us
With our winning smiles and us
With our catchy tunes and words
Now we're photogenic
You know, we don't stand a chance
Oh, I'll settle down with some old story
About a boy who's just like me
Thought there was love in everything and everyone
You're so naive!
They always reach a sorry ending
They always get it in the end
Still it was worth it as I turned the pages solemnly and then
With a winning smile, the poor boy
With naivety succeeds
At the final moment, I cried
I always cry at endings
I always cry at endings
Oh, that wasn't what I meant to say at all
From where I'm sitting, rain
Falling against the lonely tenement
Has set my mind to wander
Into the windows of my lovers
They never know unless I write
"This is no declaration, I just thought I'd let you know goodbye"
Said the hero in the story
"It is mightier than swords
I could kill you sure
But I could only make you cry with these words
Cry with these words
Cry with these words
Cry with these words"
Oh, get me away, I'm dying
Get me away, I'm dying
Get me away, I'm dying
Get me away, I'm dying
Oh, I'm dying
Oh, I'm dying, yeah
Oh, I'm dying, yeah
Oh, get me away, I'm dying
Get me away, I'm dying
Get me away, I'm dying
Get me away, I'm dying
Oh, I'm dying
Oh, I'm dyingBack in full effect, baby
Yeah, we out here
Still grinding, hustling for too long
It's payday, fellas!
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah

I've been hustling for too long, hoping that it all pays off
Throw my foot down on the pedal and trust me it goes off
Order my wrist, order my shit, order some tea (Tea)
If I said it wasn't me would you believe me?
Bought a new whip so I cruise and watch the TV (Skrrt, skrrt, skrrt)
Came a long way from the PC burning CD's (Ah, ah)
When I bust my nut I go and take a pee pee
Do a check up on my name go check my CV (Check my CV)

These rappers really wanna be me, they can't be me (They, can't be me, nah)
And I find it very creepy, ain't that creepy (Creepy)
I'm in this pussy and it's feeling very creamy
I have to leave her and this girl just don't want leave me

I face my challenges with faith, thinkin' when I catch a break
Save the kit I take a break to the base and now I'm safe (Safe)
Gucci poncho like a cape, I'm a hero in this game
I ain't stopping for nobody, gotta catch another plane
Money really made a change, but money never change me (Nah, nah)
Nah, money never change me (Cash)
Don't give in to any nonsense, it's a trap (It's a trap)
Walk in with a jiggy bop and a baseball cap (Baseball cap)
Got too high and now I'm stuck I can't come back (Can't come back)
Yeah my fiend was James, he didn't play for caps (No, caps)
In the trap I do not leave, I just pack (I just pack)
Lately, I've been very deep up in my bag (In my bag)
Pull my jeans up to my waist they used to sag (They used to sag)
Big engine got me moving very wes (Skrrt)
I got the type of girl that loves to stay at home (Stay at home, ha, ha)
You got them type of hoes that love to buy a frappe (Buy a frappe)
With their name on it just to snap
I ain't got time for that
All I know is trap
Pretty girls are traps

I've been hustling for too long, hoping that it all pays off
Throw my foot down on the pedal and trust me it goes off
Order my wrist, order my shit, order some tea (Tea)
If I said it wasn't me would you believe me?
Bought a new whip so I cruise and watch the TV (Skrrt, skrrt, skrrt)
Came a long way from the PC burning CD's (Ah, ah)
When I bust my nut I go and take a pee pee
Do a check up on my name go check my CV (Check my CV)

These rappers really wanna be me, they can't be me (They, can't be me, nah)
And I find it very creepy, ain't that creepy (Creepy)
I'm in this pussy and it's feeling very creamy
I have to leave her and this girl just don't want leave me
I'm in this studio trapping with ADP
Don't want talk about your change go check my feed
I told Joe and Johnny I need decent fee-fees
Do you love me so I ask her like she's Keke

Like she's Keke
Like she's Keke
Like she's Keke

I've been hustling for too long, hoping that it all pays off
Throw my foot down on the pedal and trust me it goes off
Order my wrist, order my shit, order some tea (Tea)
If I said it wasn't me would you believe me?
Bought a new whip so I cruise and watch the TV (Skrrt, skrrt, skrrt)
Came a long way from the PC burning CD's (Ah, ah)
When I bust my nut I go and take a pee pee
Do a check up on my name go check my CV (Check my CV)

These rappers really wanna be me, they can't be me (They, can't be me, nah)
And I find it very creepy, ain't that creepy (Creepy)
I'm in this pussy and it's feeling very creamy
I have to leave her and this girl just don't want leave me

She don't want leave me she don't want leave me uh uh
She don't want leave me she don't want leave me
She don't wanna leave me uh uhOn paper we go together
I know that we look the part
But almost never hangs on forever
I know I'm breaking your heart

So go on, say what you want to
I'm not gonna stop you
You can blame it all on me

I'm not the hero in the story
I'm not the girl that gets the glory
'Cause you're looking for true love
And I'm not the one
But I wish, but I wish I was

Wish I could feel about you
The way you feel about me
But you can't make a heart say something
That it don't believe

So go on, hate me if you have to
I hate myself too
'Cause as much as I want to be

I'm not the hero in the story
I'm not the girl that gets the glory
'Cause you're looking for true love
And I'm not the one
But I wish, but I wish I was

Go on, hate me if you have to
I still care about you
As much as I want to be

I'm not the hero in the story
I'm not the girl that gets the glory
'Cause you're looking for true love
And I'm not the one
But I wish, but I wish I wasWhen I came back from Luang Prabang
I didn't have a thing where my balls used to hang
But I got a wooden medal and a fine harangue
Now I'm a fucking hero

Mourn your dead, land of the free
If you wanna be a hero, follow me
Mourn your dead, land of the free
If you wanna be a hero, follow me

And now the boys all envy me
I fought for Christian democracy
With nothing but air where my balls used to be
Now I'm a fucking hero


One and twenty cannons thundered
Into the bloody wild blue yonder
For a patriotic balless wonder
Now I'm a fucking hero


In Luang Prabang there is a spot
Where the corpses of your brothers rot
And every corpse is a patriot
And every corpse is a heroThree important rules for breaking up
Don't put off breaking up when you know you want to
Prolonging the situation only makes it worse
Tell him honestly, simply, kindly, but firmly
Don't make a big production
Don't make up an elaborate story
This will help you avoid a big tear jerking scene
If you want to date other people say so
Be prepared for the boy to feel hurt and rejected
Even if you've gone together for only a short time
And haven't been too serious
There's still a feeling of rejection
When someone says she prefers the company of others
To your exclusive company
But if you're honest, and direct
And avoid making a flowery emotional speech
When you break the news
The boy will respect you for your frankness
And honestly he'll appreciate the kind and
Straightforward manner in which you told him your decision
Unless he's a real jerk or a cry baby you'll remain friends

I'm head of the class
I'm popular
I'm a quarterback
I'm popular
My mom says I'm a catch
I'm popular
I'm never last picked
I got a cheerleading chick

Being attractive is the most important thing there is
If you wanna catch the biggest fish in your pond
You have to be as attractive as possible
Make sure to keep your hair spotless and clean
Wash it at least every two weeks
Once every two weeks
And if you see Johnny Football Hero in the hall
Tell him he played a great game
Tell him you liked his article in the newspaper

I'm the party star
I'm popular
I've got my own car
I'm popular
I'll never get caught
I'm popular
I make football bets
I'm the teacher's pet

I propose we support a one month limit on going steady
I think It would keep people more able to deal with weird situations
And get to know more people
I think if you're ready to go out with Johnny
Now's the time to tell him about your one month limit
He won't mind, he'll appreciate your fresh look on dating
And once you've dated someone else, you can date him again
I'm sure he'll like it
Everyone will appreciate it
You're so novel, what a good idea
You can keep your time to yourself
You don't need date insurance
You can go out with whoever you want to
Every boy, every boy in the whole world could be yours
If you'll just listen to my plan
The teenage guide to popularity

I'm head of the class
I'm popular
I'm a quarterback
I'm popular
My mom says I'm a catch
I'm popular
I'm never last picked
I got a cheerleading chick

I'm the party star
I'm popular
I've got my own car
I'm popular
I'll never get caught
I'm popular
I make football bets
I'm the teacher's petLock loaded and I'm ready
I'm aiming for you, niggas, we the ILLEST steady
Jordans and gold chain hang as I came up out the gutter
Man you couldn't be son if I came inside your Mother
Fuck it I killed son super-novaing you suckas
Got weapons for protections
Erections in a rubber
Your girl on my side if I wanted I could fuck her
If I wanted her pie I divided by 3.14 nigga know why?
Because I'm sticking dick equate it like arithmetic
She swallows my circumference
Anytime that she's licking spit
I'm from the hood shots licking like its clitoris
Who want it can catch a head full of syphilis
You ain't in my bracket. Period. Parentheses
Motor Con any face you like I'm not fearing it
Word, prefix it with my first name
It's transgender look at how my verbs change
Like the side walk I came up from the curb flame
Automatic weapons range
Further than a nigga dreams
Opposite the Big Bang theory when they let it bang
Brian Wood letterman
Shout to Coretta King
I'm done Martin Luther dreaming nigga, I'm Malcolm Xcellence
You got a jewel artist 
Tell him like Royce I'm out to destroy everything
Staring at him like who fucking with that
I decapitate the mic, spills it's guts on the track
It's art imitating, right? your life sucks as a rap
Hero in the half shell, shell in your back
Leonardo Donatello, now they hollering "Wrath!"I don't read between the lines
Cause I can always turn back time
Mistakes are something I don't make
And I know that life is strange
But I'll never be the same

I am a girl with all the time in the world
Got time on my hands and time's on my side
Ahead of my time having the time of my life
But it's time for a change, time to rewind
Time for another plan, time to decide
And if I can rewind then I can read minds
Pulling together these pieces of time
Pull the hands back, take another path, another chance
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans
Pull the hands back, take another path, another chance
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans

I don't read between the lines
Cause I can always turn back time
Mistakes are something I don't make
And I know that life is strange
But I'll never be the same

Each photograph I take is a broken little token of a moment and a place
Another snapshot backed up on the laptop
I gather evidence against Blackwell lapdogs
This is for Kate Marsh
The way they baited her is way harsh
Why must they take time to break hearts
When all we want to do is stay aside, make art?
Arrange parts of time into a straight path
Time to pay your dealer and time's a great healer
I might faint from this time bomb
Hey Veela
My cerebral cortex is spinning a vortex
Clubs you're not invited to and things you never saw yet
I need a time out right now
I need to breathe back those hurtful words into my mouth
But as I wipe the blood from my nose I know that my time's up, another moment... froze
It's high time we had an everyday hero
In the right place at the right time, here, oh
I guess I've got time for one more line
So Cammie run that by me one more time

I don't read between the lines
Cause I can always turn back time
Mistakes are something I don't make
And I know that life is strange
But I'll never be the sameWe all come in from the cold, we come down from the wire
An' everybody warms themselves to a different fire
An' sometimes we get burned, you'd think sometime we'd learn
The one you love is the one that should take you higher
You ain't got no one, you better go back out and find her

Just like children hidin' in a closet, can't tell what's goin' on outside
Sometimes, we're so far off the beaten track, we get taken for a ride
By a parlor trick, or some words of wit, a hidden hand up a sleeve
To think the one you love could hurt you now is a little hard to believe
But everybody, darlin', sometimes bites the hand that feeds

When I look around an' everybody always brings me down
Well, is it them or me? Well, I just can't see but there ain't no peace to found
But if someone really cared, well, they'd take the time to spare
A moment to try and understand another one's despair
Remember, in this game we call life, that no one said it's fair

Breakdown (Let me hear it now)
Breakdown (Let me hear it now, yeah)
Breakdown (Let me hear it now)


I've come to know the cold, I think of it as home
When there ain't enough of me to go around, I'd rather be left alone
But if I call you out of habit, I'm out of love and I gotta have it
Would you give it to me if I fit your needs? Like when we both knew we had it
Now, the damage's done and we're back out on the run
Funny how everything was roses when we held on to the guns
Just because you're winnin' don't mean you're the lucky one

Breakdown (Let me hear it now)
Breakdown (Yeah)
Breakdown (Let me hear it now)

There goes the Challenger, bein' chased by the blue, blue meanies on wheels
The vicious traffic squad cars are after our lone driver
The last American hero, the-the electric sintar
The demi-god, the super driver of the golden west
Two nasty Nazi cars are close behind the beautiful, lone driver
The police cars are getting closer, closer
Closer to our soul hero in his soul mobile
Yeah, baby, they about to strike
They gonna get him, smash, rape
The last beautiful free soul on this planet

But it is written
If the evil spirit arms the tiger with claws
Brahman provided wings for the dove
Thus spake the super guru
D'you hear that?Keep the phone booth, don't need a super car
No X-ray vision to show them who we are
I got the power, climb up the tower
Save all humanity on zero hour

Na-na-nothing can stop me, no-nobody can hold me down
Standing in the light, it's a new world, let me be your supergirl
Na-na-nothing can stop me, no-nobody can hold us down
Fighting in the dark over true love, let me be your supergirl

I'm your supergirl
Fighting from the heart
I'm your supergirl, supergirl, oh na na
In this crazy world, crazy world, oh na na
I'm your supergirl, supergirl, oh na na
Fighting from the heart, from the heart, oh na na

There's no wonder it takes a woman
To be a hero more than a human
To overflow your heart with electricity
Find through the shadows your true identity

Na-na-nothing can stop me, no-nobody can hold me down
Standing in the light, it's a new world, let me be your supergirl
Na-na-nothing can stop me, no-nobody can hold us down
Fighting in the dark over true love, let me be your supergirl

I'm your supergirl
Fighting from the heart
I'm your supergirl, supergirl, oh na na
In this crazy world, crazy world, oh na na
I'm your supergirl, supergirl, oh na na
Fighting from the heart, from the heart, oh na na

Fly, give me a signal and I'll fly
On a supersonic high
Like a hero in the sky
I will stand by your side

I'm your supergirl, supergirl, oh na na (I'm your supergirl, oh yeah)
In this crazy world, crazy world, oh na na (Super-supergirl)
I'm your supergirl, supergirl, oh na na (I'm your supergirl)
Fighting from the heart
I'm your supergirl, supergirl, oh na na
In this crazy world, crazy world, oh na na
I'm your supergirl, supergirl, oh na na
Fighting from the heart
I'm your supergirlYou have no idea who i am
But I'm going to respond anyway
Aye

Mr. Lamar
Listen, for all the rappers mad cause you missed 'em
Or pissed cause they thought your list wasn't finished,
That harbor feelings of bitterness
Hearts that's littered with scars
From the written bars that they took to it
Looking too far and intricately into it
See everyone gonna be quick to diss be ready to get it in fifty fifty
Spitters and listeners both, you knew that the shit was risky
From people who misunderstood it for dissing the people you listed
To the irrelevant rappers you didn't consider thinking you skip 'em deliberately
Then the ignorant ones that's screaming out blasphemy
Kendrick's king of New York but from Cali? (what?) the audacity
That's where the half of these problems spawn
They heard the words but ignored the context and react but they got it wrong
Like you calling out Rocky, Sean, Jay Electron, Drake, and the rest of 'em?
Sure, but you're really making the best of 'em
Surface, cause nothing's making a rapper snap on a record worse
Than name drops in a verse that lethal, public, and personal
Everyone one of us cursed with competitive pens
Imperious egos, said that he's better than me? (oh..) never again
Bet, in the end...that competition's the only thing that can save us
Making sure we're so high even heaven's left in our angel dust
Is how the game became what it was
The hunger pains plaguing the stomach of artists paving the way with their blood
So wake up
I think that's the message Kendrick intended
If not, I'll send it myself, been through hell of entering benched
Having to prove that I'm better before ever touching the field
So I know from experience you won't grow with nothing to build
That's why we're stuck in a still frame
Who cares about who's the realest
Who's rocking realest chain?!
Who's pocket is spilling change?!
Who's dropping the illest lyrics? (no.)
Who's words you're really feeling (no.)
Who's flow is the most appealing? (no,no.)
The ceilings low nobody's standing to raise it without a challenge
We're stagnant, when there's no talent to outshine, and no balance
To keep it's about time that reach to a change
Inspire each other to even if it means we're speaking their names
And calling 'em out sometimes you gotta be the hero in a villains mask
An arrow aiming at the throne, the narrow thinkers sit and laugh
But who's the joke really on? silly pawns..
We can say to appreciate it, but you won't until it's gone
Mr. Lamar, if I'm wrong and that song was only to flex
You still lit a spark in this genre, for that you own the respect
For that we owe you the debt and we'll pay it with change
Not with the dollars, not gonna follow their ways with the same
Pace, it's a race I'm dropping 'em all
Maltese to the rot wilder
Got leashes and shock collars no peace/piece for the shot callers
They're calling it beef..I'm okay with that
Cause they'll always try to make it that
But they took our lane we just want to take it back
Maybe that's how we can take his verse
In every game, a little competition makes the players work
So let's go

This is hip hop
You must have forgot that
I got love for big shots and pop rap
Corner freestylers, hobby rhymers, 'round the clock acts
In life we can be cool, behind the mic is where that stops at
This is my lane
I'm sorry you ain't know that
But you became my target once you drove past
I'm not trying to take shots, I keep it peaceful
Just don't take that as a weakness cause there's nothing I'm-a hold backI know a place, a getaway
If you wanna get on my wave
If you don't, get out my way-ay
No fuck boys with the diamond grills
Only kings and queens eating caviar meals
Pay no mind how we pay them bills, ay

Oh-whoa-oh-whoa
Only beautiful people
Gone perfectly mad
It's a beautiful world yeah

Welcome to the badlands
We go where we wanna go
Welcome to the badlands
We're lost but we're not alone
Welcome to the home of the wild kids
High class rebels and heroines
Badlands
It's a beautiful world and we're perfectly bad

Welcome to the
Welcome to the
Welcome to the badlands
Welcome to the
Welcome to the
Welcome to the
Welcome to the badlands

I know a place where runaways
Run free, we're renegades
Everyday is a holiday-ay
No fuckboys with the diamond grills
Only kings and queens eating caviar meals
Fast cars and little pills, ay

Oh-whoa-oh-whoa
Only beautiful people
Gone perfectly mad
It's a beautiful world yeah

Welcome to the badlands
We go where we wanna go
Welcome to the badlands
We're lost but we're not alone
Welcome to the home of the wild kids
High class rebels and heroines
Badlands
It's a beautiful world and we're perfectly bad

Welcome to the
Welcome to the
Welcome to the badlands
Welcome to the
Welcome to the
Welcome to the
Welcome to the badlands

Badlands
Welcome to the badlands12 Hunna on the beat
That's it right there, Gnealz
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Ooh, Bi-Bighead on the beat

All I ever wanted was some money (Wanted was some money)
'Cause I came from the bottom just like a dungeon, yeah (Dungeon)
And I swear I'm gonna bounce up like a bungee, yeah (Like a bungee)
Ooh, these niggas copy, swag they fucking monkeys, yeah (Copy, copy)
And I swear I am the motherfucking greatest (Motherfucking greatest)
When I walk in the room, a standing ovation (Go clap your hands)
No, I don't want no dumb bitch, get your education (That bitch smart)
And we done came way too far, ain't no white flag waving
No white flag waving

All I ever wanted was some money (Ain't no flag waving)
All these diamonds on me looking sunny (Yeah)
I told that girl I want her best friend but don't say shit (What?)
I got lil' baby on the way, gotta be patient
I told her go and get my big brother a facelift (Yeah)
I didn't pull up in a 'Rari, this a spaceship
Okay, I put her in Hermes, she's a bad bitch (Yeah)
I really think I want that girl but she too average
I told that girl to pour as much as she could manage (Yeah)
I can't lie, I got some bad habits
I don't think that you would understand it (Yeah)
Okay, I like to drop my top and make it vanish (Yeah)

All I ever wanted was some money (Wanted was some money)
'Cause I came from the bottom just like a dungeon, yeah (Dungeon)
And I swear I'm gonna bounce up like a bungee, yeah (Like a bungee)
Ooh, these niggas copy, swag they fucking monkeys, yeah (Copy, copy)
And I swear I am the motherfucking greatest (Motherfucking greatest)
When I walk in the room, a standing ovation (Go clap your hands)
No, I don't want no dumb bitch, get your education (That bitch smart)
And we done came way too far, ain't no white flag waving
No white flag-waving

No trading places, baby (Nope), check the location, baby (Check)
All this water on me, feel like I'm in the Navy, baby
All these guns on me, it feel like I'm in the Navy, baby (Brrt)
You ain't got a pass in my hood, I got your waver, baby (Got it)
And you can save it, baby (Save it)
Ooh, she suck me up, she said I taste like now-or-laters (Suck it)
When you wanna meet up? Now or later (Woah)
I'm your hero in costume just like a Power Ranger
I just watched how she blossomed, seen it from every angle, ooh (Seen it)
Cruising with the top down, riding down Rodeo
And we go, go up, up just like elevators (Go up), ooh
We were cool like glaciers, booling in Barbados (Booling)
Tell me why they hate us (Yeah)

All I ever wanted was some money (Wanted was some money)
'Cause I came from the bottom just like a dungeon, yeah (Dungeon)
And I swear I'm gonna bounce up like a bungee, yeah (Like a bungee)
Ooh, these niggas copy, swag they fucking monkeys, yeah (Copy, copy)
And I swear I am the motherfucking greatest (Motherfucking greatest)
When I walk in the room, a standing ovation (Go clap your hands)
No, I don't want no dumb bitch, get your education (That bitch smart)
And we done came way too far, ain't no white flag waving
No white flag wavingTommy gun
You ain't happy less you got one
Tommy gun
Ain't gonna shoot the place up
Just for fun
Maybe he want to die for the money
Maybe he wants to kill for his country
Whatever he wants, he's gonna get it
Tommy gun
You better strip it down for a customs run
Tommy gun
Waitin' at the airport 'til kingdom come
An' we can watch him make it
On the nine o'clock news
Standin' there in Palestine lightin' the fuse
Whatever you want, you're gonna get it
Tommy gun
Tommy gun
Tommy gun
A'you'll be dead when  war is won
Tommy gun
But did you have to gun down everyone?
I can see it's kill or be killed
A nation of destiny has gotta be fulfilled
Whatever you want, you're gonna get it
Tommy gun
A'you can be a hero in an age of none
Tommy gun
I'm cuttin' out your picture from page one
I'm gonna get a jacket just like yours
An' give my false support to your cause
Whatever you want, you're gonna get it
Alright
Okay, so let's agree about the price
And make it one jet airliner for ten prisoners
Boats an' tanks and planes, it's your game
Kings an' queens an' generals learn your name
I see all the innocent, the human sacrifice
And if death comes so cheap
Then the same goes for lifeCLVN

Just because I'm from a place don't mean I like the place
If it was up to me I'd slice off all their fuckin' faces
Especially, since I felt like shit goddamn near every day
That's why I'm finna fucking flex on all their fucking faces
Got a problem with me flexing? I'll cut off your face
See, I was born to be the villain any fuckin way
See, Sir Syringe is not the hero in no form or shape
But it don't matter, you can't reach my level anyway
"Damn, what got through this nigga?", everything, you bitch, I'm sick of this
You just making trash so I'm that nigga who gon' flip the script
Looking at my shit from long ago and I be throwing fits
If I told the truth from the beginning I would break your spirit
Now you think you know me just because we went to school and shit?
I hated your existence, fuck these manners, you ain't getting shit
All I had was bangers since the age of twelve, you fuckin' shit
I grew up online, like, I don't know what piece of land that is

Unleash me (Unleash me), unleash me (Unleash me)
Unleash me (Unleash me), unleash me (Unleash me)
Unleash me (Unleash me), unleash me (Unleash me)
Unleash me (Unleash me), unleash me

No no, I ain't done, this shit getting really fun
How many ships am I gon' burn up inside these fuckers bums?
You sound tired like my thumb, all you need a bench to sleep
You don't like the sight of me and that is how it's supposed to be
"Ayy, why you change your name? Why you soundin' so insane?
Why you hate the fuckin land? Blah-blah, we ain't sayin' much"
Ha, bitch my name Syringe 'cause I just love inflicting spite
All my life, I felt so cold because these fuckers made of rocks
Now, you don't know my brain, but you know you are not above me
If I gave a shit, I would sound like you and your buddies
I wear what I want, although Syringe is never comfy
But once I'm soaring over, you will drink my piss like green tea
Years on years on years, don't be surprised once you look at me
I am the embodiment of grudges that are nasty
Anti-World the gang who don't like listening to trash speak
Remember all these memories, 'cause I will once you're dying

Unleash me (Unleash me), unleash me (Unleash me)
Unleash me (Unleash me), unleash me (Unleash me)
Unleash me (Unleash me), unleash me (Unleash me)
Unleash me (Unleash me), unleash me (Unleash me)
Unleash me (Unleash me), unleash me (Unleash me)
Unleash me (Unleash me), unleash me (Unleash me)
Unleash me (Unleash me), unleash me (Unleash me)
Unleash me (Unleash me), unleash me (Unleash me)Hercules
Hercules

Bless my soul
Herc was on a roll
Person of the week in every Greek opinion poll
What a pro
Herc could stop a show
Point him at a monster and you're talking S.R.O
He was a no one
(A zero, zero)
Now he's a honcho
(He's a hero)
Here was a kid with his act down pat
From zero to hero in no time flat
Zero to hero, just like that

When he smiled, the girls went wild with ("oohs" and "aahs")
And they slapped his face on every vase, on every "vahse"
From appearance fees and royalties
Our Herc had cash to burn
Now nouveau riche and famous
He could tell you
What's a Grecian urn?

Say amen, there he goes again
Sweet and undefeated and an awesome 10 for 10
Folks lined up just to watch him flex
And this perfect package
Packed a pair of pretty pecs
Hercie, he comes, he sees, he conquers
Honey, the crowds were going bonkers
He showed the moxie brains and spunk
From zero to hero, major hunk
Zero to hero and who'da thunk?

Who put the glad in gladiator?
(Hercules!)
Whose daring deeds are great theatre?
(Hercules!)
Is he bold?
Is he sweet?
My favorite flavor!

Hercules, Hercules
Hercules, Hercules
Her-, her-
(Hercules, Hercules)
Bless my soul
Herc was on a roll
Undefeated
Riding high, (and the nicest guy)
Not conceited
He was a no one
(A zero, zero)
Now he's a honcho
(He's a hero)
He hit the heights at breakneck speed
From zero to hero
Herc is a hero
Now he's a hero
Yes, indeedSimply out of this world by choice
The world's too much for the soul to enjoy

I focus on the void and I fill it
Hopin' the depressed ain't give in and give up
So listeners give up your ears, it's your hero
From here on a heroin-like high, I give off
Live off my lie and my lullaby
They itchin' for a new breath here's the calamine
And I refuse to camouflage with other guys
You see my mind is amused of they head noddin'
I so got 'em, as hypnosis of hip-hop
Cause, when I talk they don't just watch
I make 'em feel it, the feelings' unfamiliar
A rush of your adrenaline you can pick up a buildin'
You can become a killer if properly scripted
The first one's free, next time I'll be billin' ya

Here go your prescription
Here go your prescription
Here go your prescription
Take your prescription

Don't let the pain getcha
I swear my lane will provide as a painkiller
A painkiller, a 16 of Percoset
Just let it chill Joe
That lil' burn that you feel, feel good, don't it?
Just sit back and relax and take it easy
And let the beat play
Close your eyes, whoever uninspired
Pay me no mind, I put Adderall in y'all's
Riddle them with Ritalin, attention deficit
Niggas start listenin', and what I'm givin' them
The drug that they brain need
Them niggas sick of hip-hop so they appointed me
And I invented but the IV inside of me
And ignorance was drug of choice but they OD'd
Couldn't alone leave 'em
I am the sole leader
The young soul that the OG's still believe in
And if you not convinced keep on promotin' them
I breathe life in the game, they are Kevorkian
They provokin' suicide but as soon assigned
I drew designs for consumer's minds so in time
I do it for all y'all, do it for all y'all
Don't gotta wait long
The doctor has arrived just be patient
Please, please

Here go your prescription
Here go your prescription
Here go your prescription
Take your prescription

See, they say one has to know the past to last in the present. So I, bask in the weather while the presence of these laggers lend me they rappin' to give gifts to my brethren. My nigga this is more than a vocal booth, this is my, only truth, this is my risin' up. So you can ask Black Thought if I know my Roots. Shit, before you? Quest my love for this, just know we would play Q-Tip in the Q before you knew T.I.P. And before you knew T.I.P. I was tippin' strippers properly to pussy poppin'.
So, when you ask me "What you know about that? ", ironically I'm askin' you the same question partna'. I am hip-hop. Past, present and future. I can rap on some old Primo, sound like the present Sigo and make it feel like a sequel to the new me, bitch. I'm Wale, the prescription"Does one crime erase another? Friend, shall we turn dishonest because life is hard?"
Yeah
I paint this for our patron saints

All our Santas carried them hammers
Our guidance counselors was talented scramblers
Spiritual leaders, ran a number hold
Tycoons moved in vests, and kept a money roll
We bought the noise, gun and bust, none of us altar boys
With army issue harm a tissue, we ain't walk with toys
The rawest from any wars one of New York deploys
Made Orphan Annies like all the families court destroys
It's the elder man, sold things pray I never sell again
Son trust, bum rush if they ain't let us in
The lepers infected us, said it was medicine
Well life's tribal, fight for survival, that's all it's ever been
Nothing blessèd, even the bonds of friends are tested
Would you surrender if you did it but your man's arrested?
Our peacekeepers bust they gun repeated
Our caregivers stole everything we needed
It's D-Day, each week in BK you see us here grimacin'
Never marinate on beef you don't plan on finishin'
'Cause every effort's for the record, we ain't here scrimmagin'
Soon as son start shinin', they tryna diminish him
They nay behavior made us braver, thicker armor
Ain't kill who you aimed at, came back quick as karma
So par, so far haven't missed in the midst of drama
Now I notice 'em pick me up at they lowest, it's a honor
A monk swore a vow of silence to the jakes
Our yogis did stretches upstate
Our Sir Lancelot's at round tables cuttin' eighths
Our mogul just caught another case
Started with less, then progressed to bare minimum
Can't just happen upon no chips, gotta be here winnin' em
That's what food is for, hungry if you lose or draw
Every session I'm pressin' to press jewels galore
Used to violate tryin' make, that's what every move was for
The only particular mission of the crew was accruin' more
With impressive steel, dressed to kill, you know the lifestyle
Hit the curb to serve the early bird, and the night owl
To fix these broken pockets, had to break some hearts
Can't be bothered to hit your target, gotta make some marks
Quiet and frigid disposition, growin' up in the cold
Surprised I ain't get high from what I was low enough to behold
Like when Pops shot at the neighbor's shop, put one in his head
He knew how he grew me, threw me the gun, a hundred, and fled
Didn't play, 'fore po' arose dispose of exhibit A
I was raised to age a few years in a day
If not elite, didn't eat if you didn't pray
As much as I heal, had to deal, all my scars are here to stay
Our senseis spent days peddling
Our heroes sold heroinSee the killer was a coward
Dark deeds in dark towers
So he fled when they came
Blowing brass, carrying chains

They want to lock him in the dark
They want to kill what's in his heart
And they left the town to hunt him down
And they left one man to hold it down

But when they get back he's in the throne
Looks like the killer's fucking clone
Says he's got ideas of his own
But there's one thing he'd kill to know

See there's a hero in the crowd
And his heart starts beating loud
Says the killer took his friend
And decides that this is where it ends

So that night the king's walking the tower
His eyes lit up with all the power
But the hero's ghosting by the guards
And his heart is carrying a charge

He stabs him in his cunning heart
The scream tore sea and sky apart
So you want fears? We've still got several
At least the killer's dancing with the devil

The hero did it for days
When you don't know if the moon'll even come
And then it lays down
And I'm telling you, man, it's sweet when it does
And when I think of you I think of spirit defined
I think of all the love that we shared in a very dark time

So the hero did it for the summer
For long days with that sun in your hair
For fires and family
For the phrase "don't ever leave me"

Sorrow won't be finding me no more
Sorrow won't be finding me no more
Sorrow won't be finding me no more
When you're coming home now
Sorrow won't be finding me no more
Sorrow won't be finding me no more
Sorrow won't be finding me no more
When you're coming home nowI'm so tired of playing
Playing with this bow and arrow
Gonna give my heart away
Leave it to the other girls to play
For I've been a temptress too long
Just...

Give me a reason to love you
Give me a reason to be a woman
I just wanna be a woman

From this time, unchained
We're all looking at a different picture
Through this new frame of mind
A thousand flowers could bloom
Move over and give us some room, yeah

Give me a reason to love you
Give me a reason to be a woman
I just wanna be a woman


So don't you stop being a man
Just take a little look
From outside when you can
Sow a little tenderness
No matter if you cry

Give me a reason to love you
Give me a reason to be
A woman
I just wanna be a woman

It's all I wanna be, is all, a woman
For this is the beginning
Of forever and ever
It's time to move over
It's all I wanna be

I'm so tired of playing
Playing with this bow and arrow
Gonna give my heart away
Leave it to the other girls to play
For I've been a temptress too long
Just
Give me a reason to love youZooma zoom zoom zoom...
Yeah

I know you need a little background clear though
About your boy Deltron Zero, your hero
In three thousand thirty
We ain't in the clear though
We was near toast, doing too much, who to trust
In a land so scandalous and grand?
Even the President got his hand in the contraband
They done control the band of information
Leading to education to a brainwaves pulsatin'
They said "Fuck the Environment!"
For so long the environment said "Fuck y'all"
Ok, now we in a cobra clutch
Once the planet fold up, and blow up
You know what?
Mother Nature must've saved us cause look
We still stayed here
But much was lost
We lost touch with the source
To get back, there was a hero
Jet black

Who was kin to the previous champion
In three thousand thirty, but now it's four thousand ten
From the ashes I arise with
The new style, This Deltron Osiris
If you can buy this, let's go along
And see how we go so far, the road is gone
Osiris, I'm here in the afterlife
In the future where brothers will have to fight...

Everybody, call it a scramble
Full scale chaos, reckless abandon
Cats will sell they, hand for a handgun
Follow your commander, though you can't stand him
No plannin', wild and dangerous
Anger just permeate, so we learn to take
Hostility with a grain of salt
And step out the way, cause it ain't our fault
Bank vaults blown to smithereens
Whatever's left is left for the fiends
But you'd better not mess with the team
Deltron and Dan, we melt foes to ash
There in a flash, and not in the pan
It's all in the plan in a lawless land
Just so y'all can understand
I got a legacy to chase, live up the fam


For the power
Now you're been devoured
By sound waves
Frequency with a deeperly
Creep with me, as I bail through the hood
With unsavory types, most likely no good
In the eyes of society's visor
Even though their enterprises are the crisis
They license been revoked
By the average trench coat
Pulling out so you get smoked
Blahhh
Like hickory sausage
Victory? Come on, it's far from flawless
They ain't God, but their ways is pompous
Thinking they can stomp us with troops and contras
But just let loose a stupid
Monster, unable to be contained
It's too late, they launched it
With no promotion
So now we revolt
And insult they sultan
With explosive voltage


Kaboooom!!!
Guess that must spell doom
You... wish to defeat me?
Me, with your feeble mind?!?
Huh. I see you high
Fuckin' with me, Deltron Osiris
Fam put me on
We gonna live long, that's what it is
Now, next meeting is
Underground in the West Matrix
Underneath the Statue of Liberty's remains
Now shhh...
I'm gonna scramble the
Frequency being transmitted over the
Pirate communications matrix
Because there was word that the rebel
Trolls from the new sector have
Secured nodes within the matrix...
Shhh... Don't say nothin'
We gonna creep up on 'em tonight, OK...For no cause whatever would the earlmen’s defender
Leave in life-joys the loathsome newcomer,
He deemed his existence utterly useless
To men under heaven. Many a noble
Of Beowulf brandished his battle-sword old,
Would guard the life of his lord and protector,
The far-famous chieftain, if able to do so;
While waging the warfare, this wist they but little,
Brave battle-thanes, while his body intending
To slit into slivers, and seeking his spirit:
That the relentless foeman nor finest of weapons
Of all on the earth, nor any of war-bills
Was willing to injure; but weapons of victory
Swords and suchlike he had sworn to dispense with.
His death at that time must prove to be wretched,
And the far-away spirit widely should journey
Into enemies’ power. This plainly he saw then
Who with mirth of mood malice no little
Had wrought in the past on the race of the earthmen
(To God he was hostile), that his body would fail him,
But Higelac’s hardy henchman and kinsman
Held him by the hand; hateful to other
Was each one if living. A body-wound suffered
The direful demon, damage incurable
Was seen on his shoulder, his sinews were shivered,
His body did burst. To Beowulf was given
Glory in battle; Grendel from thenceward
Must flee and hide him in the fen-cliffs and marshes,
Sick unto death, his dwelling must look for
Unwinsome and woful; he wist the more fully
The end of his earthly existence was nearing,
His life-days’ limits. At last for the Danemen,
When the slaughter was over, their wish was accomplished.
The comer-from-far-land had cleansed then of evil,
Wise and valiant, the war-hall of Hrothgar,
Saved it from violence. He joyed in the night-work,
In repute for prowess; the prince of the Geatmen
For the East-Danish people his boast had accomplished,
Bettered their burdensome bale-sorrows fully,
The craft-begot evil they erstwhile had suffered
And were forced to endure from crushing oppression,
Their manifold misery. ’Twas a manifest token,
When the hero-in-battle the hand suspended,
The arm and the shoulder (there was all of the claw
Of Grendel together) ’neath great-stretching hall-roof.Hrothgar answered, helm of the Scyldings:
“I remember this man as the merest of striplings.
His father long dead now was Ecgtheow titled,
Him Hrethel the Geatman granted at home his
One only daughter; his battle-brave son
Is come but now, sought a trustworthy friend.
Seafaring sailors asserted it then,
Who valuable gift-gems of the Geatmen carried
As peace-offering thither, that he thirty men’s grapple
Has in his hand, the hero-in-battle.
The holy Creator usward sent him,
To West-Dane warriors, I ween, for to render
’Gainst Grendel’s grimness gracious assistance:
I shall give to the good one gift-gems for courage.
Hasten to bid them hither to speed them,
To see assembled this circle of kinsmen;
Tell them expressly they’re welcome in sooth to
The men of the Danes.” To the door of the building
Wulfgar went then, this word-message shouted:
“My victorious liegelord bade me to tell you,
The East-Danes’ atheling, that your origin knows he,
And o’er wave-billows wafted ye welcome are hither,
Valiant of spirit. Ye straightway may enter
Clad in corslets, cased in your helmets,
To see King Hrothgar. Here let your battle-boards,
Wood-spears and war-shafts, await your conferring.”
The mighty one rose then, with many a liegeman,
An excellent thane-group; some there did await them,
And as bid of the brave one the battle-gear guarded.
Together they hied them, while the hero did guide them,
’Neath Heorot’s roof; the high-minded went then
Sturdy ’neath helmet till he stood in the building.
Beowulf spake (his burnie did glisten,
His armor seamed over by the art of the craftsman):
“Hail thou, Hrothgar! I am Higelac’s kinsman
And vassal forsooth; many a wonder
I dared as a stripling. The doings of Grendel,
In far-off fatherland I fully did know of:
Sea-farers tell us, this hall-building standeth,
Excellent edifice, empty and useless
To all the earlmen after evenlight’s glimmer
’Neath heaven’s bright hues hath hidden its glory.
This my earls then urged me, the most excellent of them,
Carles very clever, to come and assist thee,
Folk-leader Hrothgar; fully they knew of
The strength of my body. Themselves they beheld me
When I came from the contest, when covered with gore
Foes I escaped from, where five I had bound,
The giant-race wasted, in the waters destroying
The nickers by night, bore numberless sorrows,
The Weders avenged (woes had they suffered)
Enemies ravaged; alone now with Grendel
I shall manage the matter, with the monster of evil,
The giant, decide it. Thee I would therefore
Beg of thy bounty, Bright-Danish chieftain,
Lord of the Scyldings, this single petition:
Not to refuse me, defender of warriors,
Friend-lord of folks, so far have I sought thee,
That I may unaided, my earlmen assisting me,
This brave-mooded war-band, purify Heorot.
I have heard on inquiry, the horrible creature
From veriest rashness recks not for weapons;
I this do scorn then, so be Higelac gracious,
My liegelord belovèd, lenient of spirit,
To bear a blade or a broad-fashioned target,
A shield to the onset; only with hand-grip
The foe I must grapple, fight for my life then,
Foeman with foeman; he fain must rely on
The doom of the Lord whom death layeth hold of.
I ween he will wish, if he win in the struggle,
To eat in the war-hall earls of the Geat-folk,
Boldly to swallow them, as of yore he did often
The best of the Hrethmen! Thou needest not trouble
A head-watch to give me; he will have me dripping
And dreary with gore, if death overtake me,
Will bear me off bleeding, biting and mouthing me,
The hermit will eat me, heedless of pity,
Marking the moor-fens; no more wilt thou need then
Find me my food. If I fall in the battle,
Send to Higelac the armor that serveth
To shield my bosom, the best of equipments,
Richest of ring-mails; ’tis the relic of Hrethla,
The work of Wayland. Goes Weird as she must go!”Embrace the doorway when everything's fading away
Take a breath, take time
A poet to die and you'll fall in love with a hero in the fire
So fuck it, fall back
The shore will dry up on this day
You'll find the perfect lie
Blood ink
Dead end is calling
Tomorrow is forever away
They'll never forget

Dead end is calling
Tomorrow is forever away
They'll never forget
They'll never forget

Now paint the door red
They'd never mistake the meaning
Blood ink, blood ink
Ready to lie dead and fall in line with the number 27
So fucking fall back
The shore will dry up on this day
You'll find the perfect high
Blood ink
Dead end is calling
Tomorrow is forever away
They'll never forget

No brain, no heart
Just rotting legacy
All the little stab wounds in that ego scream lobotomy
So quickly it came
In an instant it is gone
The bloody trail of fame and fortune has drained that life of that life
It bled you dry, bled you dry
It bled you dry
No push and pull
No crucible
The pandemonium is high


No brain, no heart
Just rotting legacy
All the little stab wounds in that ego scream lobotomy
It bled you dry and now the sun has set
They'll never forget
They'll never forget

Tear the road in two
Fate won't control you
Splitting soul ensues
Failing completion
Not whole
Oh, this world is haunting me
(Fate won't control you)
Though they fucking love me
(Splitting soul ensues)
Failing completion
Not whole

Red waves crash upon the shore of you
The precipice
White knuckle fist
It's all on your side
So cut low, because there's no tomorrow
Oh, how your hero falls
The corpse will swing in all its glory
Remembering the love once shared in life, but now it's over
Drink, blow
Chemicals will rise so I can ease the guilt from the escape
So cut low, fuck
(Cut low, cut low, cut low)
Draining all the blood
Your hero falls


It bled you dry, bled you dry
It bled you dry
It bled you dry, bled you dry
The pandemonium is high (VBS)
Boję się śmierci, bo życia czasem nie doceniam
Bo to jedyne w życiu czego się tu nie spodziewam
Teraz dociera że się sam mało nie zabiłem nieraz
Albo mój anioł stróż często zasypia przy sterach
Bóg w tamtym roku zabrał mego przyjaciela
Czasem zadaje pytanie: Czemu on, a nie ja?
Mieliśmy jeszcze tyle do zrobienia
Teraz sam się z tym światem użeram
I co? Nie chcę umierać mimo że to przekaz denny
Ale po to piszę teksty by być nieśmiertelny
A to życie się mnie trzyma ziom jak nieśmiertelnik
I co może wiedzieć o tym kolejny śmiertelnik?
Nawet jeśli umrę jutro, strach mi nie skończy
To jakby typ heroinista bał się szczepionki
Zbyt wiele razy VBS się mało nie wykończył
W razie wypadku moje tracki to pamiątki
A moje ziomki niech wezmą ze mną tą skrzynię
Puszczą dobry beat. Jak odchodzić - to ze stylem
Włożą do dołu i pożegnają krzyżem
I będą dumni z tego jaki byłem
(VBS) x2
Jeśli umarłbym jutro i moi ludzie pójdą za trumną
Niech mówią, że żyłem 100 procent, choć krótko
I jeśli jutro przyjdzie nie otworzyć oczu mi
Całe me życie zostawiłem na tym CD
(Senti)
Robie wszystko typie, aby moja śmierć miała jakiekolwiek znaczenie
I nie mów, że rapowanie nie było tym przeznaczeniem
Od zawsze miałem w sobie to jedno pragnienie
I wyjść na scenę i dać coś z siebie
A jak wydać to nie kogoś, a siebie
Mamo! Popatrz jak twój syn spełnia marzenie
I nie miej mi za złe jak wybiorę średnie wykształcenie
Bo dawno obrałem drogę co prowadzi też do ciebie
Nie potrzebny do szczęścia papierek
Do trumny też nie, więc dopisz jak coś, że był raperem
Nie no mamo, przecież się śmieje
Czas mnie nie leczy, tylko ciągle mnie starzeje
I się martwię co będzie, kiedy będę sam
Czy będę patrzył z góry czy z dołu na ten świat?
Czy będę patrzył w ogóle? Ale już chuj tam
Pakuję mandżur, bo to już chyba jest mój czas

 (VBS & Senti)
Senti:  Ty V, a co byś zrobił jakbyś wiedział, że jutro nie wstaniesz?
VBS:  Wiesz co stary? Nic bym nie zrobił, kompletnie nic. Śmierć nic nie kończy
(VBS) x4
Jeśli umarłbym jutro i moi ludzie pójdą za trumną
Niech mówią, że żyłem 100 procent, choć krótko
I jeśli jutro przyjdzie nie otworzyć oczu mi
Całe me życie zostawiłem na tym CD
(VBS)
I jeśli umarłbym jutro
Jeśli umarłbym jutro
Jeśli umarłbym jutro
Nie zrobiłbym kompletnie nic"Once upon a time there was an old woman. Blind but wise." Or was it an old man? A guru, perhaps. Or a griot soothing restless children. I have heard this story, or one exactly like it, in the lore of several cultures.
"Once upon a time there was an old woman. Blind. Wise."
In the version I know the woman is the daughter of slaves, black, American, and lives alone in a small house outside of town. Her reputation for wisdom is without peer and without question. Among her people she is both the law and its transgression. The honor she is paid and the awe in which she is held reach beyond her neighborhood to places far away; to the city where the intelligence of rural prophets is the source of much amusement.
One day the woman is visited by some young people who seem to be bent on disproving her clairvoyance and showing her up for the fraud they believe she is. Their plan is simple: they enter her house and ask the one question the answer to which rides solely on her difference from them, a difference they regard as a profound disability: her blindness. They stand before her, and one of them says, "Old woman, I hold in my hand a bird. Tell me whether it is living or dead."
She does not answer, and the question is repeated. "Is the bird I am holding living or dead?"
Still she doesn't answer. She is blind and cannot see her visitors, let alone what is in their hands. She does not know their color, gender or homeland. She only knows their motive.
The old woman's silence is so long, the young people have trouble holding their laughter.
Finally she speaks and her voice is soft but stern. "I don't know", she says. "I don't know whether the bird you are holding is dead or alive, but what I do know is that it is in your hands. It is in your hands."
Her answer can be taken to mean: if it is dead, you have either found it that way or you have killed it. If it is alive, you can still kill it. Whether it is to stay alive, it is your decision. Whatever the case, it is your responsibility.
For parading their power and her helplessness, the young visitors are reprimanded, told they are responsible not only for the act of mockery but also for the small bundle of life sacrificed to achieve its aims. The blind woman shifts attention away from assertions of power to the instrument through which that power is exercised.
Speculation on what (other than its own frail body) that bird-in-the-hand might signify has always been attractive to me, but especially so now thinking, as I have been, about the work I do that has brought me to this company. So I choose to read the bird as language and the woman as a practiced writer. She is worried about how the language she dreams in, given to her at birth, is handled, put into service, even withheld from her for certain nefarious purposes. Being a writer she thinks of language partly as a system, partly as a living thing over which one has control, but mostly as agency - as an act with consequences. So the question the children put to her: "Is it living or dead?" is not unreal because she thinks of language as susceptible to death, erasure; certainly imperiled and salvageable only by an effort of the will. She believes that if the bird in the hands of her visitors is dead the custodians are responsible for the corpse. For her a dead language is not only one no longer spoken or written, it is unyielding language content to admire its own paralysis. Like statist language, censored and censoring. Ruthless in its policing duties, it has no desire or purpose other than maintaining the free range of its own narcotic narcissism, its own exclusivity and dominance. However moribund, it is not without effect for it actively thwarts the intellect, stalls conscience, suppresses human potential. Unreceptive to interrogation, it cannot form or tolerate new ideas, shape other thoughts, tell another story, fill baffling silences. Official language smitheryed to sanction ignorance and preserve privilege is a suit of armor polished to shocking glitter, a husk from which the knight departed long ago. Yet there it is: dumb, predatory, sentimental. Exciting reverence in schoolchildren, providing shelter for despots, summoning false memories of stability, harmony among the public.
She is convinced that when language dies, out of carelessness, disuse, indifference and absence of esteem, or killed by fiat, not only she herself, but all users and makers are accountable for its demise. In her country children have bitten their tongues off and use bullets instead to iterate the voice of speechlessness, of disabled and disabling language, of language adults have abandoned altogether as a device for grappling with meaning, providing guidance, or expressing love. But she knows tongue-suicide is not only the choice of children. It is common among the infantile heads of state and power merchants whose evacuated language leaves them with no access to what is left of their human instincts for they speak only to those who obey, or in order to force obedience.

The systematic looting of language can be recognized by the tendency of its users to forgo its nuanced, complex, mid-wifery properties for menace and subjugation. Oppressive language does more than represent violence; it is violence; does more than represent the limits of knowledge; it limits knowledge. Whether it is obscuring state language or the faux-language of mindless media; whether it is the proud but calcified language of the academy or the commodity driven language of science; whether it is the malign language of law-without-ethics, or language designed for the estrangement of minorities, hiding its racist plunder in its literary cheek - it must be rejected, altered and exposed. It is the language that drinks blood, laps vulnerabilities, tucks its fascist boots under crinolines of respectability and patriotism as it moves relentlessly toward the bottom line and the bottomed-out mind. Sexist language, racist language, theistic language - all are typical of the policing languages of mastery, and cannot, do not permit new knowledge or encourage the mutual exchange of ideas.
The old woman is keenly aware that no intellectual mercenary, nor insatiable dictator, no paid-for politician or demagogue; no counterfeit journalist would be persuaded by her thoughts. There is and will be rousing language to keep citizens armed and arming; slaughtered and slaughtering in the malls, courthouses, post offices, playgrounds, bedrooms and boulevards; stirring, memorializing language to mask the pity and waste of needless death. There will be more diplomatic language to countenance rape, torture, assassination. There is and will be more seductive, mutant language designed to throttle women, to pack their throats like paté-producing geese with their own unsayable, transgressive words; there will be more of the language of surveillance disguised as research; of politics and history calculated to render the suffering of millions mute; language glamorized to thrill the dissatisfied and bereft into assaulting their neighbors; arrogant pseudo-empirical language crafted to lock creative people into cages of inferiority and hopelessness.
Underneath the eloquence, the glamor, the scholarly associations, however stirring or seductive, the heart of such language is languishing, or perhaps not beating at all - if the bird is already dead.
She has thought about what could have been the intellectual history of any discipline if it had not insisted upon, or been forced into, the waste of time and life that rationalizations for and representations of dominance required - lethal discourses of exclusion blocking access to cognition for both the excluder and the excluded.
The conventional wisdom of the Tower of Babel story is that the collapse was a misfortune. That it was the distraction, or the weight of many languages that precipitated the tower's failed architecture. That one monolithic language would have expedited the building and heaven would have been reached. Whose heaven, she wonders? And what kind? Perhaps the achievement of Paradise was premature, a little hasty if no one could take the time to understand other languages, other views, other narratives period. Had they, the heaven they imagined might have been found at their feet. Complicated, demanding, yes, but a view of heaven as life; not heaven as post-life.
She would not want to leave her young visitors with the impression that language should be forced to stay alive merely to be. The vitality of language lies in its ability to limn the actual, imagined and possible lives of its speakers, readers, writers. Although its poise is sometimes in displacing experience it is not a substitute for it. It arcs toward the place where meaning may lie. When a President of the United States thought about the graveyard his country had become, and said, "The world will little note nor long remember what we say here. But it will never forget what they did here," his simple words are exhilarating in their life-sustaining properties because they refused to encapsulate the reality of 600, 000 dead men in a cataclysmic race war. Refusing to monumentalize, disdaining the "final word", the precise "summing up", acknowledging their "poor power to add or detract", his words signal deference to the uncapturability of the life it mourns. It is the deference that moves her, that recognition that language can never live up to life once and for all. Nor should it. Language can never "pin down" slavery, genocide, war. Nor should it yearn for the arrogance to be able to do so. Its force, its felicity is in its reach toward the ineffable.
Be it grand or slender, burrowing, blasting, or refusing to sanctify; whether it laughs out loud or is a cry without an alphabet, the choice word, the chosen silence, unmolested language surges toward knowledge, not its destruction. But who does not know of literature banned because it is interrogative; discredited because it is critical; erased because alternate? And how many are outraged by the thought of a self-ravaged tongue?
Word-work is sublime, she thinks, because it is generative; it makes meaning that secures our difference, our human difference - the way in which we are like no other life.
We die. That may be the meaning of life. But we do language. That may be the measure of our lives.
"Once upon a time, ..." visitors ask an old woman a question. Who are they, these children? What did they make of that encounter? What did they hear in those final words: "The bird is in your hands"? A sentence that gestures towards possibility or one that drops a latch? Perhaps what the children heard was "It's not my problem. I am old, female, black, blind. What wisdom I have now is in knowing I cannot help you. The future of language is yours."
They stand there. Suppose nothing was in their hands? Suppose the visit was only a ruse, a trick to get to be spoken to, taken seriously as they have not been before? A chance to interrupt, to violate the adult world, its miasma of discourse about them, for them, but never to them? Urgent questions are at stake, including the one they have asked: "Is the bird we hold living or dead?" Perhaps the question meant: "Could someone tell us what is life? What is death?" No trick at all; no silliness. A straightforward question worthy of the attention of a wise one. An old one. And if the old and wise who have lived life and faced death cannot describe either, who can?
But she does not; she keeps her secret; her good opinion of herself; her gnomic pronouncements; her art without commitment. She keeps her distance, enforces it and retreats into the singularity of isolation, in sophisticated, privileged space.
Nothing, no word follows her declaration of transfer. That silence is deep, deeper than the meaning available in the words she has spoken. It shivers, this silence, and the children, annoyed, fill it with language invented on the spot.
"Is there no speech," they ask her, "no words you can give us that helps us break through your dossier of failures? Through the education you have just given us that is no education at all because we are paying close attention to what you have done as well as to what you have said? To the barrier you have erected between generosity and wisdom?
"We have no bird in our hands, living or dead. We have only you and our important question. Is the nothing in our hands something you could not bear to contemplate, to even guess? Don't you remember being young when language was magic without meaning? When what you could say, could not mean? When the invisible was what imagination strove to see? When questions and demands for answers burned so brightly you trembled with fury at not knowing?
"Do we have to begin consciousness with a battle heroines and heroes like you have already fought and lost leaving us with nothing in our hands except what you have imagined is there? Your answer is artful, but its artfulness embarrasses us and ought to embarrass you. Your answer is indecent in its self-congratulation. A made-for-television script that makes no sense if there is nothing in our hands.
"Why didn't you reach out, touch us with your soft fingers, delay the sound bite, the lesson, until you knew who we were? Did you so despise our trick, our modus operandi you could not see that we were baffled about how to get your attention? We are young. Unripe. We have heard all our short lives that we have to be responsible. What could that possibly mean in the catastrophe this world has become; where, as a poet said, "nothing needs to be exposed since it is already barefaced." Our inheritance is an affront. You want us to have your old, blank eyes and see only cruelty and mediocrity. Do you think we are stupid enough to perjure ourselves again and again with the fiction of nationhood? How dare you talk to us of duty when we stand waist deep in the toxin of your past?
"You trivialize us and trivialize the bird that is not in our hands. Is there no context for our lives? No song, no literature, no poem full of vitamins, no history connected to experience that you can pass along to help us start strong? You are an adult. The old one, the wise one. Stop thinking about saving your face. Think of our lives and tell us your particularized world. Make up a story. Narrative is radical, creating us at the very moment it is being created. We will not blame you if your reach exceeds your grasp; if love so ignites your words they go down in flames and nothing is left but their scald. Or if, with the reticence of a surgeon's hands, your words suture only the places where blood might flow. We know you can never do it properly - once and for all. Passion is never enough; neither is skill. But try. For our sake and yours forget your name in the street; tell us what the world has been to you in the dark places and in the light. Don't tell us what to believe, what to fear. Show us belief s wide skirt and the stitch that unravels fear's caul. You, old woman, blessed with blindness, can speak the language that tells us what only language can: how to see without pictures. Language alone protects us from the scariness of things with no names. Language alone is meditation.
"Tell us what it is to be a woman so that we may know what it is to be a man. What moves at the margin. What it is to have no home in this place. To be set adrift from the one you knew. What it is to live at the edge of towns that cannot bear your company.
"Tell us about ships turned away from shorelines at Easter, placenta in a field. Tell us about a wagonload of slaves, how they sang so softly their breath was indistinguishable from the falling snow. How they knew from the hunch of the nearest shoulder that the next stop would be their last. How, with hands prayered in their sex, they thought of heat, then sun. Lifting their faces as though it was there for the taking. Turning as though there for the taking. They stop at an inn. The driver and his mate go in with the lamp leaving them humming in the dark. The horse's void steams into the snow beneath its hooves and its hiss and melt are the envy of the freezing slaves.
"The inn door opens: a girl and a boy step away from its light. They climb into the wagon bed. The boy will have a gun in three years, but now he carries a lamp and a jug of warm cider. They pass it from mouth to mouth. The girl offers bread, pieces of meat and something more: a glance into the eyes of the one she serves. One helping for each man, two for each woman. And a look. They look back. The next stop will be their last. But not this one. This one is warmed."
It's quiet again when the children finish speaking, until the woman breaks into the silence.
"Finally", she says, "I trust you now. I trust you with the bird that is not in your hands because you have truly caught it. Look. How lovely it is, this thing we have done - together."Yeah, CZARFACE
Metal Face, Pazienza
Look:

The one thing I learned from Eazy is be ruthless
The bullets balls of fire like Jerry Lee Lewis
The wasteline and shoulder strap is three Rugers
Them jump-out boys'd vic you, you'd be shoeless
Listen, you'd better listen to rules
Or this british bulldog gon' rip through your jewels
Now his tail between his leg and he lickin' his wounds
I'm a Cus D'Amato acolyte, I stick 'em then move
I rip 'em in two, I show 'em what the biscuit'll do
Money shoulda done the opposite and listened to you
I'm dissin' you too, you do the shit a pigeon would do
Because bein' a rapper ain't something you fit to pursue
He Mister Magoo, this blind dummy couldn't see the sentinel
My dick go in and out of holes like it's an exit wound
The left strong like the bolsheviks and socialists
My goons bloodthirsty, they will rush ya like the Soviets

Yo, astral traveling
"Wow—"
Raw, boy
"The tracks go off in this direction"


"It's the metal!"
Without a doubt
Yo, FACECZAR

Yo, I'm a modern day Gil Scott-Heron
Headin' down Fury Road with Charlize Theron
No question, OJ and lemon into Effen
Partially wrecked, I'm on the set, see me one-two steppin'
Punks jump up to get beat down
And they ain't turn on the light so turn the beat down
Have a seat clown, you ain't even in my echelon
Every hero's in peril, the first weapon's drawn
I hear the plague was money, sex and violence
Ya'll doomed, I'm immune to the virus
MF Czar—we the antidote
I'll probably die before they realize that I am the GOAT
Deck's impeccable, World Class Wreckin' Cru
We ain't do no dirt together, so I don't mess with you
I draft IPAs, that's special brew
This rap's the victory lap, I'm so ahead of you
"And we don't like I-N-S, he's too lyrical"
Yeah I'm deep blue sea, stay in your kiddie pool
Wonder how I don't dumb it down
But still get checks, checkin' in another town, yeah
I blacks out like Donald Sterling
Known to make great magic like the wand of Merlin
Yo, I don't Snapchat, that's what fans do
I been ill since kangaroos and Ked shoes
Rebel 24-7, I rep Wu
High on a Friday with Smokey and Craig, fool

My powers are incredible and astonishing
Yours are—uh—
—mental
"We aways—" keeps the raw
Mental
Keeps the raw


Mad Max make your own apocalypse
Poppin' shit with the politics of Gregg Popovich
Lock your lips queer, yeah I thought I told 'em
They try to get to the bag, I think that mean the scrotum
Let me decode 'em, unload 'em and show them the true power
They talk about the lyrics, them raps, they ain't wrote 'em
To dead a hater is second nature like steppin' off an escalator
Plus I'm holdin' a thermal detonator
Fly flow, Disaster like Tommy Wiseau
But still got fans leapin' out their Nissan
Like "Eso, you a beast, mon!" Tell me shit I don't know
It's like going toe-to-toe with Finn Bálor and Samoa Joe
You mad shook, fuckin' with you, now that's a bad look
Cut a rapper up like a scratch hook
Sorry, let out an epic laugh
As I'm etchin' graph on your epitaph, deadly clash
Weapons flash, I'm forever first, you're forever last
You playin' chess with somebody with a checkered past
You'll never pass my flow
You hangin' on to old beefs but I'm past it though
These gorgeous ladies wanna wrestle like the cast of GLOW
So I cop a feel kinda like a magic show
No no, I can't say that
G-O-D ridin' out with the CZARFACE, sayin', "Man, play that"

"Astral travelin'"
Astral-what?Vodka dans l'crâne
Regarde le Soleil tombe
Aveuglé par les lights #Ray Charles
Je vide ma tristesse dans une belle blonde
En équilibre sur un fil
J'traine tard sur le boulevard
Regard triste petite héroïne
La nuit les rêves se brisent sur les trottoirs
Petite sirène arrête de boire
Tu tombes amoureuse de tout c'qui s'enfuit
Tu n'es plus belle quand tu rentres tard
Des rivières d'alcool et tout ce qui s'en suit

J'décolle sans atterrir à 200 à l'heure sur le périph'
Un Glock à la place du cœur et de 2000 rancœurs à guérir
Un regard vide un étrange cœur
Regarde par la fenêtre, les anges pleurent
 (x2)
Quand la nuit m'emmène
Quand la nuit m'entraine
Me suivras-tu si je tombe ?

Du haut des gratte-ciels
Je crache ma peine sur le monde
Entre la blanche et les bang bang
Un pied dans l'arène, un pied dans la tombe
Rouge à lèvres sur le col
On se soigne comme on peut
On trempe nos rêves dans de l'alcool
40 degrés pour oublier tes yeux

J'décolle sans atterrir à 200 à l'heure sur le périph'
Un Glock à la place du cœur et de 2000 rancœurs à guérir
Un regard vide un étrange cœur
Regarde par la fenêtre, les anges pleurent
 (x2)
Quand la nuit m'emmène
Quand la nuit m'entraine
Me suivras-tu si je tombe ?

Ton visage c'est l'ciel et ta voix me manque
J'ai perdu l'essentiel tes photos me hantent
À force de kill mon train, c'est pour toi qu'je chante
Quand je tombe, quand je tombe seul
Quand je tombe seul, quand je tombe seul
Quand je tombe, quand je tombe, quand je tombe seul
 (x2)
Quand la nuit m'emmène
Quand la nuit m'entraine
Me suivras-tu si je tombe ?2-10, indiferenta (ye)
2014, 20CMrecords
Ombladon a.k.a Bodega
Ia zi, hai!

Se deschide cerul si'o voce care-mi place
Zice haide drace, pune-n pipa, trage
Garda nu ne lasa in pace si totusi
Nu stam pe ace ca heroinosii
Am zile simpatice cu pizde apatice
Stam vraiste si in 2013-14
Fara bile, pastile, doar iarba- kile
Pupile dilatate, cum ne sta bine
Meditez in viscol band din brifcor
Astia pun cate-un tranzistor in shaorma de la Dristor
Fugiti ca de barda, ca vor sa va arda
Sa va omoare cu o simpla apasare de telecomanda
Va iau banii de la piept si plec
Tehnologie Hi-Tech dispar ca Men In Black
Imi fumez iarba imi vad de treaba mea
Iar tu bai militica mai da-te-n pula mea

Muie, garda crede ca ne-a luat banii de cuie
Nu cumparam, plantam, deci muie
Eu trag in piept el sufla-n fluier
Cu lanterna-n ochi ii dau la muie
Muie, garda crede ca ne-a luat banii de cuie
Nu cumparam, plantam, deci muie
Eu trag in piept el sufla-n fluier
Cu lanterna-n ochi ii dau la muie

Nascut, crescut, pe vremea lu' camataru
Aveam doar 2 gadget-uri, secera si ciocanu'
O mana pe volan, in pula o minora
Ma indrept spre iad cu 200 km/h
Trag de una cu tatele lasate
Ca i se poate pierde intre tate un porcusor de lapte
Sa stii ca curull tau a cam belit pula
Ca curul spune nu, dar gura spune da
Trag in piept, o ard pe strazi razna
Apare un joc play station? Te bagi si iei plasma
Nu respectam politia, statul, banii
Condusi de Basescu, Vadim sau Becali Militia ne duce la sectie
Sa dam declaratii sa ne dea o lectie
Lectii am luat destule auzi bai robocop
Am un mili milion imi faci un mini minibot?

Muie, garda crede ca ne-a luat banii de cuie
Nu cumparam, plantam, deci muie
Eu trag in piept el sufla-n fluier
Cu lanterna-n ochi ii dau la muie
Muie, garda crede ca ne-a luat banii de cuie
Nu cumparam, plantam, deci muie
Eu trag in piept el sufla-n fluier
Cu lanterna-n ochi ii dau la muieI buckle in my seatbelt and plug my headset in a chair
And to the music, I watch flight attendants move
They are pointing out the exits, but it looks more like a prayer
Or an ancient dance their bloodline reaches through
These planes are good for sifting through
The warriors from the men
I get time to sit and watch them for a while
You can see everywhere they're going
And everywhere they've been
In how they look out at the clouds each time they smile

And I think 'maybe he's in town for someone's birthday
Or maybe he makes trouble everywhere
But as much he resists the conversation
Between the rivers and the freeways
He knows it's always there'

As the Northwest Passage sits somewhere below me as I sleep
I dream of captains and explorers eating boots
When I ask if I can join them, and they offer one to me
I wake up as my home comes into view
So I reach out down for my notebook to see what impressions could be spun
But it's just buildings and a million swimming pools
So I leaf back through the pages to see where I am from
Or for some crumbling map of what it's leading to

And I find that the hero in this song that I am writing
Doesn't know he's just an image of myself
But as much he resists the conversation
Between the rivers and the freeways
He's somehow always asking them for help

I want to make out all the signs I've been ignoring
How the trees reach for the sky or in the length of someone's hair
Cause when you don't know where you are going
Any road will take you there

So maybe I'm in town for someone's birthday
Maybe I make trouble everywhere
But as much I resist the conversation
Between the rivers and the freeways
I know it's always there
I know it's always there
I know it's always thereProud swagger out of the school yard
Waiting for the world's applause
Rebel without a conscience
Martyr without a cause
Static on your frequency
Electrical storm in your veins
Raging at unreachable glory
Straining at invisible chains

And now you're trembling on a rocky ledge
Staring down into a heartless sea
Can't face life on a razor's edge
Nothing's what you thought it would be

All of us get lost in the darkness
Dreamers learn to steer by the stars
All of us do time in the gutter
Dreamers turn to look at the cars
Turn around and turn around and turn around
Turn around and walk the razor's edge
Don't turn your back
And slam the door on me

It's not as if this barricade
Blocks the only road
It's not as if you're all alone
In wanting to explode
Someone set a bad example
Made surrender seem all right
The act of a noble warrior
Who lost the will to fight

And now you're trembling on a rocky ledge
Staring down into a heartless sea
Done with life on a razor's edge
Nothing's what you thought it would be

All of us get lost in the darkness
Dreamers learn to steer by the stars
All of us do time in the gutter
Dreamers turn to look at the cars
Turn around and turn around and turn around
Turn around and walk the razor's edge
Don't turn your back
And slam the door on me


No hero in your tragedy
No daring in your escape
No salutes for your surrender
Nothing noble in your fate
Christ, what have you done?

All of us get lost in the darkness
Dreamers learn to steer by the stars
All of us do time in the gutter
Dreamers turn to look at the cars
Turn around and turn around and turn around
Turn around and walk the razor's edge
Turn around and walk the razor's edge
Turn around and walk the razor's edge
Don't turn your back
And slam the door on me(Hot!)
GirlHeFunny Gang
Confusing Guy
(It's , my nigga who you think it is?)
Understood
Guess what my favorite food is?

My favorite food is laptop (Ha)
I retweeted my picture on TikTok (4 Times!)
That nigga pussy MaleBox (Box)
Chris Rock, he braided my bald spot (Spot)
My girl wearing clothes, naked (Hot)
I'm going upstairs, basement (Come here)
Dora the Explorer, Haitian (Hola)
Your carpet dirty, rake it (Rake it)
Lil nigga you broke, face it (Lil nigga)
I'm not a toilet, I don't take shit (Nope)
Gotta go to the store 'cause I'm closing my eyes and can't see so I bought a pair of eyes from the clearance
My body been hurting, my back, my ankle, my neck, my arms think I need a dentist
I been tasting my tongue and been smelling my nose
I play soccer and tennis like Scottie Pippen
My car keep eating my juice box (Box)
I'm not fighting my juice 'cause my juice box (Box)
I'm rich as fuck like a hobo (What?)
Fuck these niggas, no homo (Homo)
My water so cold it boils (Hot)
I was driving a plane in a car though (Though)
Superman the best hero in Marvel (DC)
I'm in Macy's shopping at Marshalls (Watch)
I got rid of my herpes, sext me (Sext)
Fruit's my favorite veggie (Boom)
I'm salty as fuck like a Honey Bun (Sweet)
I'm the same age as my grandson (Fuck)
That nigga a square, donut (Square)
I made my Fruit Roll-up (Candy)
No soda but I got the checkout
You can't afford this hotel, checkout
I be stealing shit in self-checkout
My girl so bad she get checked out
Lil' nigga you sick, get checked outThey called him a hero
In the land of the free
But he wouldn't shake my hand, boy
He disappointed me
So I got my handgun
And I blew him away
That critter was a bad guy
I had to make him pay

You might fear for my reason
I don't care what they say
Look out, baby, it's the season
For the mad masquerade

Put out the fire
Put out the fire
Put out the fire
Oh, you need a bullet like a hole in the head
Put out the fire
Put out the fire
Put out the fire
Don't believe what your granddaddy said

She was my lover
It was a shame that she died
But the constitution
Is right on my side
'Cause I caught my lover
In my neighbor's bed
I got retribution
Filled 'em all full of lead

I've been told it's the fashion
To let me on the streets again
It's nothing but a crime of passion
And I'm not to blame

Put out the fire
Put out the fire
Put out the fire
You need a weapon like a hole in the head
Put out the fire
Put out the fire, baby
Put out the fire
And let your sons and your daughters sleep sound in their beds


You know a gun never killed nobody
You can ask anyone
People get shot by people
People with guns

Put out the fire
Put out the fire
You need a gun like a hole in the head
Put out the fire
Put out the fire
Put out the fire
Just tell me that old fashioned gun law is deadOpportunity's knock was really just the pizza man
I have the unactualized potential of seven human beings
Trapped in this frail frame with ashy knees
I roll this desecrated corpse out of bed with the strength of Hercules
Brewing a cup of coffee is no small fucking feat!
Matter of fact, neither is shuffling my feet
I'm prone to mumbling
Because my mind is a rock-garden that you stumbled in
At them we thumb our noses upwards
And I swear to God I'd give my life for one of my brothers
You can be Donnie Darko, I'm more like Donnie Brasco
I'll always be poor, that way I keep the taxes low
I'm an imposter, this genre is incorrect
I just wanted to be the next Inspectah Deck
I think I'm really alive
And while that's really good enough for me
I used to waste prayers so other rap guys would like my songs
And I read the Tao Te Ching and realized I was completely wrong
I guess it could be Either/Or like Kierkegaard
I swear I hate these rappers as much as Tipper Gore
Even so, I should build a better rapport
If all else fails, I'll open up a bodega or corner store
Honey buns is ten cents, barrel juices for a nickel
My father taught me how to get myself out of a pickle
I got a dream where I drink milk from glass bottles
And I don't own a car or anything with a throttle
I'm picking gigantic apples with Robin Pecknold
And even when the deck is stacked, I'll never fold
I'm pensive, yes, and at my dreamiest
If you couldn't tell, I don't drink, but I've been reading Boethius
My homies are boy-scouts who give directions with a compass rose
I'm a hornball who will probably hump your nose
I'm a slave to all my insecurities
And the tragic hero in a play by Euripides
Every single one of my heroes has let me down
But I guess that's how a young man gets his feet off the ground
Look here, my Vonneguts, I'll probably have a hissy fit
A rocket scientist whose day job is picking nits
I'm sort of like the Alton Brown of this shit
I wish hospital gift stores sold hugs
I live decadently with thrifted Persian rugs
Sitting in one place, meditating for eons
Is how I managed to feel so great, surrounded by peons
I don't mean to get so egotistical
Fumbling with the words to this old negro spiritual
I live in Wisconsin, I've never met Justin Vernon
Should I abandon this life to be a busslin' herdsman?
I've flirted with girls who only spoke Farsi
I feel at home in a cabin, on Lake Eskutassis
I cry every time I watch the Shawshank Redemption
I'm not angry with Young Money Cash Money Billionaires
But when these walls fall down, I know who'll be ill-prepared
Opportunity's knock was really just the pizza manYuri

Négro, j'ai la dose
Rebeu, j'ai la dose
Babtou, j'ai la dose
Revoici ton gars Doss'
Pour mes raclos, j'ai la dose
Pour mes raclis, j'ai la dose
Pour mes accros j'ai la dose
Revoici ton gars Doss'

J'ai cette putain de voix dans ma tête
Qui me dit d'allumer tous ces déps
Igo, ton équipe est-elle prête ?
Car je saisirai n'importe quel prétexte
J'vous annonce une vague de tres-meur
Pour finir en beauté le summer
Ces fiottes analysent mes propos, essaient d'en mesurer la teneur
Ils ont le cœur qui palpite et les seufs qui tremblent
Toutes ces tain-p' reconnaissent mon timbre
Fais pas l'erreur d'nous prendre pour des baltringues parce qu'on reste humbles
Va donc fourger ta merde à d'autres, ici personne n'est scato
Dîtes bien à tous mes accros que j'arrive fort, j'suis juste en mercato
Traces de fouet sur les dorsaux, tête baissée pour mes fautes
Bras levés sur les morceaux, j'vais baiser vos dindes pour les fêtes
J'suis posé au fond du beu-cleu, j'guette tous ces négros qui se dandinent
Seigneur, dîtes-moi si je vaux mieux qu'eux à ne rêver que de liasses d'oseille qui s'empilent
Petit coup de fil à mon soce du 9-3
Petit transac' qui s'enquille
La vie n'est qu'une question de choix, vous en faites pas pour moi, soyez tranquilles
J'ai connu toutes sortes de douleurs, toujours été sur le fil du rasoir
J'en ai vu de toutes les couleurs, yeah, comme le gros cul de Magloire
Quelques petits passages à vif, je cherche le plan pour me refaire
Séances d'UV, séances de squats : c'est tout ce qu'il faut à cette Blanche pour me plaire
Libérez mon sin-cou Vestie, libérez donc Bamboo aussi
J'rappe pour un public averti
J'rappe comme un AK, j'rappe comme un Uzi (brrrr)

Négro, j'ai la dose
Rebeu, j'ai la dose
Babtou, j'ai la dose
Revoici ton gars Doss'

Quelques amis près de moi, entre mon coeur et ma paranoïa
On te bannit si tu nous déçois, frappe d'Oscar de la Hoya
LS, Salmoneries, ALC, 4.5 Orlinz, lieu du décès
Igo, keucra, pilon CC, volume à fond, vitre baissée
Igo, plus de 100 kils au DC
Mes ients-cli sont stressés
Veulent leur dose d'héroïne music, cuillère, briquet, citron pressé
J'veux le Panamera noir mat comme celui de mon poto Condor
Plutôt me la foutre que de me la faire foutre, c'est ce que j'appelle être du bon bord, bitch

Négro, j'ai la dose (bitch)
Rebeu, j'ai la dose (bitch)
Babtou, j'ai la dose (bitch)
Revoici ton gars Doss' (bitch)
Pour mes raclos, j'ai la dose
Pour mes raclis, j'ai la dose
Pour mes accros j'ai la dose
Dîtes bonjour au gars Doss'

Resserez vos strings bande d'enfoirés
J'suis juste en mercato
J'vais te dire un truc igo
Même le Soleil brille pas pour tous les endroits de la Terre au même moment
Un jour c'est toi, un jour c'est moi
Brrr, Yuri, La Famine, 45 Orlinz
Pam pam pam !
Bitch... Bitch... BitchI try to be good to others
Treat my fellow men like brothers and sisters
That's the story I'm the hero in
So how come I can't zero in
On why this song sounds so sinister?
(spoken)
Oh my God…
(sung)
I'm the villain in my own story
I'm the witch in my own tale
Though I insist I'm the protagonist
It's clear that my soul is up for sale
I'm the villain in my own story
The bad guy in my TV show
I'm the "who" in the "whodunit"
When I go to hell I'll run it
As Satan's CFO!
(spoken)
He needs someone to do the books. Actually, I shouldn't do that—I'm terrible with money. 
(sung)
But wait, how am I a villain?
I give annually to UNICEF
And just last week I helped a lady cross the street
Who was super old and deaf
(spoken)
Wait, where am I? Ahh, a bird!
(sung)
I'm the villain in my own story
I'm the bitch in the corner of the poster
I'm the figure in the doorway or the Kraken up in Norway
God, who is this song's composer?
(spoken)
It's, like, ridiculously sinister—like re-dunk-ulously sinister. 
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Well, well, well! Looks like I got you now, Valencia!

What do you want to do with me, you evil witch queen? I am but a humble yoga instructor!

Oh, what I want is... your boyfriend!

Not Prince Josh! Anything but Prince Josh! Why are you doing this? I'm Kate Hudson!

We're doing the "Witch and the Princess" theme, just go with it!

Okay, so fine. I'm the princess! Why? Why are you doing this to me?

Because I'm jealous of you and your life! You're so skinny and Josh is so perfect that I want to take it all for myself! And now, I'll cook you into the traditional dish of Dinaguan and serve it to Josh's family! Ha-ha-ha-ha!

No! No!

Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!

Shut up!

I'm the villain in my own story
My actions have gone way too far
I told myself that I was Jasmine
But I realize now I'm Jafar
We're told love conquers all
But that only applies to the hero
Is the enemy what I'm meant to be?
Is being the villain my destiny?Hey, Dad, I'm writing to you
Not to tell you that I still hate you
Just to ask you how you feel
And how we fell apart, how this fell apart

Are you happy out there in this great wide world?
Do you think about your sons? Do you miss your little girl?
When you lay your head down, how do you sleep at night?
Do you even wonder if we're alright?

If we're alright
We're alright

It's been a long hard road without you by my side
Why weren't you there all the nights that we cried?
You broke my mother's heart, you broke your children for life
It's not okay, but we're alright
I remember the days you were a hero in my eyes
But those are just a long lost memory of mine
I spent so many years learning how to survive
Now I'm writing just to let you know I'm still alive

The days I spent so cold, so hungry
Were full of hate, I was so angry
The scars run deep inside this tattooed body
There's things I'll take to my grave

But I'm okay
I'm okay

It's been a long hard road without you by my side
Why weren't you there all the nights that we cried?
You broke my mother's heart, you broke your children for life
It's not okay, but we're alright
I remember the days you were a hero in my eyes
But those are just a long lost memory of mine
I spent so many years learning how to survive
Now I'm writing just to let you know I'm still alive

Yeah, I'm still alive...

Sometimes I forgive, yeah, and this time, I'll admit
That I miss you, said, "I miss you..."

It's been a long hard road without you by my side
Why weren't you there all the nights that we cried?
You broke my mother's heart, you broke your children for life
It's not okay, but we're all right
I remember the days you were a hero in my eyes
But those are just a long lost memory of mine
I spent so many years learning how to survive
Now I'm writing just to let you know I'm still alive

And sometimes I forgive, yeah, and this time, I'll admit
That I miss you, said, "I miss you..." Hey, Dad...Elle m'a gardé éveillé toute la nuit à chanter des chansons d'amour
Elle m'a gardé éveillé toute la nuit, constamment à boire et à chanter
Elle m'a gardé éveillé toute la nuit, embrouillé à chanter ces chansons d'amour
Elle m'a gardé éveillé toute la nuit, à me noyer dans toutes ces chansons d'amour
Elle m'a gardé éveillé toute la nuit à chanter des chansons d'amour
Elle m'a gardé éveillé toute la nuit, constamment à boire et à chanter
Elle m'a gardé éveillé toute la nuit, embrouillé à chanter ces chansons d'amour
Elle m'a gardé éveillé à jacter toute la nuit

Okay, retournons à quand je dormais chez ma mère
Et même à quand j'étais là-bas, sous la bienveillance de Mohammed
On payait dix-sept cent pour le loyer, l'argent fut bien dépensé
Pas de chauffage, mais un gars nous a mis au chaud, j'ai suffoqué
J'ai ressenti quelque chose pour toi, j'ai même écrit la chanson Dreams pour toi
Parce que j'ai des rêves pour toi, je pensais à une bague pour toi
Des gamineries, tu connais les gosses et les histoires
Des bouquets d'fleurs anonymes envoyés, tu connais les trucs de bouffons
Maintenant, le mec a signé chez Hov, il a pris de l'assurance
De retour à la maison comme un adulte à présent et cette ville est mon trône maintenant
Ces mêmes clubs qui avaient l'habitude de me jeter
C'est lorsque tu ne veux pas qu'on te pique ta place et que tu met un message place réservé
Car maintenant j'suis dans cette salope, et j'me pavane
Les anciennes meufs pleurent parce qu'elles savent ce qu'elles ont loupé
Mais moi j'suis toujours sur toi, j'pense toujours à toi
Mon verre se reverse sur moi, alors que je pense à toi
I'm saying

Me croirais-tu si je te disais que j'suis amoureux
Chérie, je veux que tu m'aimes
Me croirais-tu si je te disais que j'suis amoureux
Chérie, je te veux
Et toi et moi, toi et moi, toi et moi
Ça m'a gardé éveillé toute la nuit
Et toi et moi, toi et moi, toi et moi
Tout c'que j'chante c'est des chansons d'amour
Et toi et moi, toi et moi, toi et moi
Ça m'a gardé éveillé toute la nuit
Et toi et moi, toi et moi, toi et moi
Elle m'a gardé

Well this has gotta be the longest crush ever
Et si jamais je couche avec elle, ce sera le plus grand orgasme jamais vu
L'amour est une drogue, c'est comme la plus dure des héroïnes jamais vues
Et putain! J'suis défoncé là, tu m'comprends?
She on a power trip, she got me where she want a nigga
Elle pourrait me faire l'épouser dans un club, mec j'pourrai laisser tomber mes potes pour elle
Like, "give me 20 dolla, dolla"
Tellement con, j'me demande comment t'as pu aller au lycée
J'suis dans ta ville et je me demandais si t'étais à la maison maintenant
Went and found her man, but I'm hopin' you're alone now
Can't help but feelin' like I dropped the ball, cliche
I used to pop up on you at the mall each day
Now typically I kick game like East Bay
But you got a nigga freeze-framed yelling please play
For Pete's sake, homie, pull it together
Just fuck her one time and be through it forever
But...Fuck jeres semi-baller swag
For det' mit cool - jeg ka' ikk' ta' det af (Ah)
Gi' mig Louis Vouitton sæts
For det kræver sit pis at bære min bagag'
Har været vågen hele natten
Så dagen den er ung
Og jeg stir' igennem væggen
Imens hun går ned på roden til alt ondt
Jeg' stadig paranoid
Ja, forskellen er bare, at nu har jeg grund
Og jeg ska' ikk' ha' noget barn med hende
Så si'r, at jeg kun vil kom' i hendes mund
Jeg gi'r hende lyden af Dupont
Mens hun trækker sit hvæs
Hun er min smukke rockstjerne
På heroin-diæt
Og jeg' ikk' engang brændt af
Men fuck en DJ, jeg' centrum i festen
Jeg vil bare ha', du gør det, du' god til
Allesammen OD, ja, bitch, vi er der næsten

For jeg er meget mer' end et ikon
Så I vil assassinere min person
(A-a-a-assassinere min person)
De sku' aldrig ha' givet mig en million
De sku' aldrig, de sku' aldrig
De sku' aldrig ha' givet mig en million
De sku' aldrig ha' givet mig en million
Million

Jeg ruller gennem blodmarken med
30 stykker sølv, jeg fik for principper
Og fuck om jeg gi'r tilbage
For uanset hvad har det pis fat i mig
Ser en lille dreng, der ligner, han banger
Løb' langs bilen, til han står ved siden af mig
Banker på ruden, mens han spø'r, hvor jeg' fra
"Ja, hva' navnet på den clique, du har?"
Men har ikk' nogen, så gi'r ikk noget svar
Han siger: "Ved du ikk', at folk heromkring hader dig?"
Til de har skudt mig, ka' de sut' mig
Og det' citat slut, nar

For jeg er meget mer' end et ikon
Så I vil assassinere min person
(A-a-a-assassinere min person)
De sku' aldrig ha' givet mig en million
De sku' aldrig, de sku' aldrig
De sku' aldrig ha' givet mig en million
De sku' aldrig ha' givet mig en million
Million

Tilgi' mig, den knækked' glorie
Mens jeg pisser på fodnoter i min historie
Hvor langt vil du gå for en Lambo med selvmordsdøre?
Ja, hvad vil du gøre
Når du ser, at respekt kun er en illusion
Og du' blevet for klog til at bli' i troen?
For etik ka' kun vægtes af gentlemen
Så det kræver en at samtale med Satan

Satan, det' mig, Judas - mig, som kyssed' hende
I used to love her, og det gør jeg stadig, det har jeg altid gjort
Var det dig, Satan, som fared' i mig, eller førte jeg selv den romerske hammer, da vi klynged' hend' op?
Er dette vers i din bibel eller har hip-hop ikk' altid handlet om stoffer, håndvåben, kællinger og hurtige biler?
Hvis så, er jeg da ikke den ultimative b-boy?
Jeg ka' ikk' længere høre musikken i mit hoved
Nu' der kun ord, ord og tastaturets klapren
Jeg har altid været delt - halvt gud, halvt dæmon på mikrofonen
Og nu står vi her, så langt så godt
Jeg' ingen selvmorder og vil aldrig tabe min mavefornemmelse på jorden
Aldrig løbe panden mod bunden
30 sølvpenge får hurtigt ben at gå på
Og er du ikk' også, Satan, en guds skabning?
Symbolet på alt, hva' der' mørkt i mig
Symbolet på alt, hva' vi har hyldet og besunget gennem de sidste 25 år
I deres church of the real besynger de og helliggør de fortiden
Men er det der, vi er, Satan? Nej, ikke længere
Jeg står foran dig og hende som en voksen mand
Jeg ønsker hverken din velsignelse eller hendes tilgivelse
For hva' enten jeg eller Sankt Liam rocker 60.000 sjæle
Eller det meste af vores flok på en lørdag aften i tv
Hva' enten vi slår plat i Århus Vest
Eller gennemborer vort bytte i TV2 Lorrys mørke jungle
Er vi da ikke de perfekte rovdyr, det evige menneske?
Det vil sige de mest fuldkomne stoddereThere's no phone booth. There's no cape
There's no Steve McQueen to help me make my great escape
How can I fly like a hero in the sky?
Be a shooting star out in the stratosphere
Where's the shadow? He might know
Where's that searchlight in the sky to point the way to go
Through some new cloud to disappear into the crowd
Though the future's dark, there's one thing crystal clear
That there's no home here

Son, listen to me. We just need a name - your mother or your father

So many voices telling me to choose

It can get very expensive, people fighting over their children

It's like a game where either team - I lose

Nobody's fighting. Frankie, look at me. Nobody's fighting

This kind of noise just makes me want to shout

Frankie, just give 'em a name and this all'll be over. It's gonna be okay

I'd like to buy a one-way ticket out

My brave little soldier, do what you have to do

Rules of the road say "Don't look back
Eyes straight ahead. Don't jump the track"
Try a new game

I'm sorry, Frank

And pray that I can win

I've got no way to move here

Cause I just don't feel at home in mine
So I'll slip down into someone else's skin

Whoo whoo
Whoo whoo

I see the maps from every book I've read
The worlds that I have lived inside my head
I thought a love like theirs could never die
If it can fade away then so can I
At first you see me, then you don't
Don't look for me. You know I won't even be there
So let the games begin
Cause I just don't feel at home in mine
So I'll slip down into someone else's skin

Whoo whoo

Into someone else's skin, yeah

Whoo whoo

I'm gonna run down the street, run out of town
I'm gonna run from the whole team and never touch down
Run from the books cause it's all been a fake

I'm gonna run from the choices that I don't wanna make
School's not out but I can't wait
It's the perfect time to graduate today

I've gotta run away now

Whoo whoo

I've got to run away, oh yeah yeah

Whoo whoo

I know they'll see the truth when I move on
They'll need each other much more once I'm gone
And then I'm flush and he's back on his feet
I'll pick him up and ride down easy street
No time to cry for all the years
A rusty gas tank full of tears gets you nowhere
Not the places I want in
And I just don't feel at home in mine
So I'll slip down into someone else's skin
Into someone else's skin
Into someone else's skin yeaaah
Into someone else's skin
Into someone else's skinI hope that God decides to talk through him
That the people decide to walk with him
Regardless of Pitchfork, cosigns I've jumped
Make sure the soundman doesn't cockblock the drums
Let the snare knock the air right outta your lungs
And those words be the oxygen
Just breathe
Amen, regardless I'ma say it
Felt like I got signed the day that I got an agent
Got an iTunes check, shit man I'm paying rent
'Bout damn time that I got out of my basement
'Bout damn time I got around the country and I hit these stages
I was made to slay them
Ten thousand hours
I'm so damn close I can taste it
On some Malcolm Gladwell
David-Bowie-meets-Kanye shit
This is dedication
A life lived for art is never a life wasted
Ten thousand

Ten thousand hours felt like ten thousand hands
Ten thousand hands, they carry me
Ten thousand hours felt like ten thousand hands
Ten thousand hands, they carry me

Now, now, now
This is my world, this is my arena
The TV told me something different I didn't believe it
I stand here in front of you today, all because of an idea
I could be who I wanted if I could see my potential
And I know that one day I'ma be him
Put the gloves on, sparring with my ego
Everyone's greatest obstacle, I beat him
Celebrate that achievement
Got some attachments, some baggage, I'm actually working on leaving, see
I observed Escher
I love Basquiat
I watched Keith Haring
You see I study art
The greats weren't great because at birth they could paint
The greats were great because they'd paint a lot
I will not be a statistic, just let me be
No Child Left Behind, that's the American scheme
I make my living off of words
And do what I love for work
And got around 980 on my SATs
Take that system
What you expect?
Generation of kids choosing love over a desk
Put those hours in, and look at what you get
Nothing that you can hold, but everything that it is
Ten thousand

Ten thousand hours felt like ten thousand hands
Ten thousand hands, they carry me
Ten thousand hours felt like ten thousand hands
Ten thousand hands, they carry me

Same shit, different day, same struggle
Slow motion as time slips through my knuckles
Nothing beautiful about it
No light at the tunnel
For the people that put the passion before them being comfortable
Raw, unmedicated heart, no substitute
Banging on table tops, no subs to toot
I'm feeling better than ever, man what is up with you?
Scraping my knuckles, I'm battling with some drug abuse
I lost another friend, got another call from a sister
And I speak for the people that share that struggle too
Like they got something bruised
My only rehabilitation was the sweat, tears and blood when up in the booth

It's the part of the show where it all fades away
When the lights go to black and the band leaves the stage
And you wanted a encore but there's no encore today
'Cause the moment is now, can't get it back from the grave
Part of the show, it all fades away
Lights go to black, band leaves the stage
You wanted a encore but there's no encore today
'Cause the moment is now, can't get it back from the grave

Welcome to the Heist
Welcome to the Heist
Welcome to the Heist
Welcome to the Heist
Welcome to the Heist
Welcome to the HeistI think fast, switch fast, quick fast, quick as
Immigrants say, "No habla ingles", at border-patrol fences
Messin' with Canibus is senseless
Divide my senses by six and you'll end up with triple sixes
And triple the digits mean triple the spirits
My light body to the third power will triple my lyrics
I'm triple the threat, I'm triple my physical flesh
I'm telling you, put your money on me, then triple your bet
‘Cause I won't be satisfied 'til I'm set
'Til I got a triplex out in Tribeca with the skyline effect
Rhyming is the nine-to-five that I manipulate best
Eight hours of writing and memorizing a manuscript
Called "The Biography of Canibus," subtitled "The Ultimate Guide for Teaching Modern Man How to Spit"
How to tongue-twist, how to enunciate certain shit
How to control your breath, how to make your syllables spit
Y'all niggas ain't listen to Bis, I kill ‘em with shit
I'm wicked with this, I should be selling tickets to this
Paparazzi should probably be taking pictures of this
My fans in the street with signs tryin' to picket for this
Saying, "We want ‘Bis! We want ‘Bis!
We want the rapper with the illest lyrics!"
My dedication and my commitment's beginning-less
I can go four quarters or nine innings for this
Go twelve rounds, play two days of cricket for this
Lead crusades across Europe, like the Christians for this
The notion I'm dedicated is an understatement
My rhymes are out of this world like the Russian space-station
Sneak-attack rappers, grab 'em and slash 'em
Chop their heads off with claws sharper than velociraptors
Hunt 'em, like Jurassic Park actors
But spare Samuel Jackson's life
‘Cause he was the only black one
Action-packed like Shaft, the black assassin
Blastin' the .753 backwards Magnum
Follow me down the road to Damascus
Do not follow these madmen, poppin' ecstasy pills like aspirin
I and I come fe manifest the most high
Drink a gallon of cyanide and still cannot die
Niggas want to lock the ‘Chronicles of Canibus' away forever
And put my book of rhymes through a shredder
Never, I'm way too clever the way I manoeuvre
Beat your ass, like Lennox Lewis did to David Tua
In front of a hundred-million pay-per-viewers
Your career is ruined
Your face will be swollen, like the Benihana Buddha
Bring it to ya, prove you're a loser
Beyond the length of this rhyme you have no future
Pounce upon you, like a puma or some wild cougars
In the jungle with my adrenaline juices flowing through 'em
I'ma reprogram everything that you're doin'
Hypnotize the audience you perform in front of to start booin'
You're stupid, you and your whole crew are extremely foolish
I can't cipher with you, ‘cause your breath is too putrid
Put your mic down and step away from it!
Shut your motherfucking mouth and don't say nothin'!
You have the right to remain silent
Sentenced to life on Rikers Island for terrible freestylin'

I heard a rumor English women make love the best
Is that true? ‘Cause I ain't had no justice yet
A lot of clowns keep arguing on who the best is
Bite the style but can't digest it
'Til they get karate-kicked in the mouth
And their teeth get ejected
Told you to watch who you beef with on the last record
Platinum teeth? I sell them for a thousand pounds a piece
You buy one back and you get one free
Put it down in the East, put it down in the West
Put it down on paper, put the paper down on the desk
In the studio is where I put it down to the test
It's nothing but skull-crushing pressure down at them depths
Throw a rough mix down, download it to disk
Give a copy to everybody that's down with Bis
Since '96, the Dogg Pound Remix
First time anybody put me down to spit
It's like Pac Man, don't stop, 'til I hear my voice
Banging up and down the block in a Magnavox
With a hundred watts
Creating ripples in the water, like aquanauts
Breathing through their oxygen-box
I belong on top of the pops, not on the bottom with rocks
I mean, honest to God, I'm shocked
I thought the album was hot
I guess you can't write an infinite rhyme with a finite mind
That's why rhymes like mine mystify mankind
A lot of rappers are ahead of their time
But when it comes to rhymes like mine
The word "time" doesn't apply
You see, rhyming is the art
The microphone is the paintbrush
Responsible for getting the point across
The canvas is the street, where the Master of the Ceremony paints the picture for everybody to see
Nobody could rhyme this fluent
Nobody ever did what I'm doin'
Nobody ever spit what I'm spewin'
I'm the illest alive and I'ma prove it, plus I've got to show the people that I've got mad love for Rap music
I bury MC's with rosary beads
A picture of their wife and their seeds and a picture of me
I'm as graceful as the left hand of Rembrandt
Put some instrumentals on
And ask my pen to dance; I'm such a gentleman
Pull out chairs, open doors, never offend my fans
Unless they offend me and I lose my temper, manI gave all my oxygen to people that could breathe
I gave away my money and now we don't even speak
I drove miles and miles, but would you do the same for me?
Oh, honestly?
Offered off my shoulder just for you to cry upon
Gave you constant shelter and a bed to keep you warm
They gave me the heartache and in return I gave a song
It goes on and on

Life can get you down so I just numb the way it feels
I drown it with a drink and out-of-date prescription pills
And all the ones that love me they just left me on the shelf
No farewell
So before I save someone else, I've got to save myself

I gave you all my energy and I took away your pain
'Cause human beings are destined to radiate or drain
What line do we stand upon, 'cause from here it looks the same
And only scars remain

Life can get you down so I just numb the way it feels
I drown it with a drink and out-of-date prescription pills
And all the ones that love me they just left me on the shelf
No farewell
So before I save someone else, I've got to save myself

But if I don't
Then I'll go back
To where I'm rescuing a stranger
Just because they needed saving just like that
Oh, I'm here again
Between the devil and the danger
But I guess it's just my nature
My dad was wrong
'Cause I'm not like my mum
'Cause she'd just smile and I'm complaining in a song
But it helps
So before I save someone else
I've got to save myself

Life can get you down so I just numb the way it feels
I drown it with a drink and out-of-date prescription pills
And all the ones that love me they just left me on the shelf
No farewell
So before I save someone else, I've got to save myself
And before I blame someone else, I've got to save myself
And before I love someone else, I've got to love myselfGeek, fag, stupid loser, find a rope to hang
I'm not bipolar, see I'm just known by those couple names
I wanna tell my pops but shit, he'll probably say the same
Fuck...
Hated by everyone, that's the way it seems
I don't know what's shorter, his damn temper or my self-esteem
I sit in my room and I listen to tunes, I'm amused alone
Cause none of the cool kids would let me join a team
Depression's on the stalk again
My best friend's an inhaler because it will not let me cough
Whenever I am losing oxygen, bully hand around my neck
Cause he felt disrespected when I decided to talk again
I brought that on myself, see I should know my place
But not at lunchtime, see I know better than to show my face
Around them, but the day I do it'll be everywhere
When I share these feelings finally they gon' fucking care

Grab a couple friends, start a couple riots
Crash a couple-
Gather all the bullies, crush them motherfuckers
Odd Future hooligans causing up a ruckus
It's us, nigga
I said it's us, nigga

Murder, murder, m-murder the last they heard of you
Was when I... "uh" with all them burners, you
Think that I'm some punk bullied bitch who ain't gon' trouble you
Well, I'm gonna burst your bubble two times if you don't mind
Umm "Who are you again?" I'm Samuel and that's Tyler
We came to get wild and style in these trench coats!
Don't start asking what's packing in these trench coats!
Just know if you start acting, I'm grabbing for these trench coats!
My step-father called me a fag
I'll show him a fag, and I'll light a fire up in his ass
And recently them assholes been fucking with me in class
So I'ma keep them muhfuckers there and make sure they pass huh
My prom date, she dismissed my offer
So I'mma  her and toss her in the principal's office
(Tyler, I'll go with you)
Oh, now you wanna conversate with me try to be my friend? (Where are my parents at?-) Don't worry, you'll probably never see them again

Grab a couple friends, start a couple riots
Crash a couple-
Gather all the bullies, crush them motherfuckers
Odd Future hooligans causing up a ruckus
It's us, nigga
I said it's us, nigga

Bum bum bum bum bum
Bum bum bum bum bum
Bum. bum. bum. burumrumrumrum bum bum bum
Bum bum bumbumbumbum, hehe
We are the Sams, and we're dead -- it's just four of us
We come in peace, we mean no harm, and we're inglorious
We took their heads but we just took back what they took from us
I guess we lost ours

Music had nothing to do with my final decision
I just really wanted somebody to come pay me attention
But nobody would listen, but stuffed animals that I had
Since I was a kid but I'm growing up so they're missing
I didn't mean to hurt anybody, I'm sorry
I wouldn't hurt a fly or consider joining the Army
I'm hardly ever angry, Roger Rabbit framed me
Momma I'm the same fucking kid that you made, see?
I don't wanna go to jail, I just wanna go home
And I want them fucking kids at school to just leave me alone
And I... I hear helicopters, make ‘em dip
I'm fucking reloaded -- I told you all that I ain't taking shit
You better back up before this Mac start to lift up
I'll pump it like my inhaler when asthma begin to act up
The difference between us and our class is tan khakis
I got 99 problems and all of them's being happyMy head is haunting me and my heart feels like a ghost
I need to feel something, 'cause I'm still so far from home
Cross your heart and hope to die
Promise me you'll never leave my side
Show me what I can't see when the spark in my eyes is gone
You got me on my knees, I'm your one-man cult
Cross my heart and hope to die
Promise you I'll never leave your side

'Cause I'm telling you, you're all I need
I promise you, you're all I see
'Cause I'm telling you, you're all I need
I'll never leave

So, you can drag me through hell
If it meant I could hold your hand
I will follow you, 'cause I'm under your spell
And you can throw me to the flames
I will follow you, I will follow you

Come sink into me and let me breathe you in
I'll be your gravity, you be my oxygen
So dig two graves, 'cause when you die
I swear I'll be leaving by your side

So you can drag me through hell
If it meant I could hold your hand
I will follow you, 'cause I'm under your spell
And you can throw me to the flames
I will follow you so you can drag me through hell
If it meant I could hold your hand
I will follow you, 'cause I'm under your spell
And you can throw me to the flames
I will follow you, I will follow you
I will follow you, I will follow you


So you can drag me through hell
If it meant I could hold your hand
I will follow you, 'cause I'm under your spell
And you can throw me to the flames
I will follow you, I will follow youYeah
Oh-oh, yeah

I've been meaning to fuck you in the garden
Ayy, ayy, ayy
Been breathing so hard, we both could use the oxygen
Ayy, ayy, ayy
Just hop on my back, I'll take you down the stairs
Ayy, ayy, ayy
Into my backyard, then lay you right on the grass, eh

Give it to you over again, over again, over again
Over again

Making love
Underneath the cherry leaves
Baby girl
Tell me how my nature feels
Said, oh, baby (Oh, baby)
Up against the cherry tree (Ah, ah)
Baby girl (Baby girl)
I'll give it to you naturally
Naturally, oh-oh

Feeling like Adam when he first found out this existed
"Ha, wow..."
Me and my Eve trying out our first positions
Ha, yeah
And it's all good, and it's all free
And it's all you, and it's only me
Playing in the dirt wrestling myself inside you
Yeah (Ah-ah)

Give it you over again, over again, over again
Over again

Said, making love
Underneath the cherry leaves (Ah, ah, ah)
Baby girl
Tell me how my nature feels (Ah, ah)
Said oh, baby (Oh, baby)
Up against the cherry tree (Ah, ah)
Baby girl (Baby girl)
I'll give it to you naturally

My cavewoman
I'm a caveman
Doing wild things
In a wild land
We keep going, baby
We keep getting it, baby
We'll get pebbles, maybe
A couple bam-bams
Bam, bam
Bang, bang
Girl, your heart goes
Bam and bang
Feel my heart go, go, go...

Do what you feel now!
Electric feel now!
Do what you feel now!
Electric feel now!
Do what you—I don't need, I don't need nobody

Please shut the front door and walk right in
In the land of the man who rock it hard for them
Super Solo Dolo attack, run and tell that
If you'd like to know, yes, I am on acid
Who could it be? K-I-D
Searching all day in the streets for DMT
Don't sip it, though - it couldn't answer
Drip, trip all day - bumpin' MGMT, homie
Watch on who you hate on, fam', without the facts
Sad niggas back in the hood bumpin' Ratatat
To me it was a dream, a fiend to understand that
You never seen a nigga like me?
I just tell 'em I'm an oxymoron when I open my mouth
Cause people talk shit before knowing what I'm about
But for sure these Cleveland boys is ill
But pretty soon your gutter bitches wildin' for real, it's such a trip
Hoes around the globe, I'm known to have a fet'
I don't do a thing and these bitches lickin' they lips
Me and Chip reflect on all the hate and jibber jabber
Mmm, you almost got me, but sucker I'm not a sucker
Better get on back
You pussy motherfuckers get the Will Smith smack
And I am not a fronter, better look up the facts
The world know what it be: Mr. Rager, Solo Dolo, C.U.D., repeat it

Come, come now, last call, who want some?
It's just me, two bitches and dirty drums
Two lips to kiss, 22 mother nuns
God blessed my tongue, I need it for life
Awkward like Cartwright, twiddling my thumbs
Pondering my next accomplishments
It's condescending to say I won
Two lips, you kiss my ass tonight, huh?

I really want it - need it
Break bread - or break fast
Before I blast and break legs, ride past
And they scream out "little Johnny is dead!" (oh you dead nigga)
You wish me well, I wish you Hell
Eternity, no such thing as time will tell
Infirmary, burn like magnetic combustion
Bad credit with me, and paramedics are hustlin'
What's the definition of water?
Sherm sticks, sipped a gallon of it when you caught us
Turn quick, I don't wanna play this for my daughter
If my son heard it, probably look at you as his father
I'm proud of myself in a bad way
Halfway house, tell it to meet me halfway
I'm passin' out, ass whoopin'
Your ass lookin' for Michelle Obama 'til I bang on you
They couldn't

Come, come now, last call, who want some?
It's just me, two bitches and dirty drums
Two lips to kiss, 22 mother nuns
God blessed my tongue, I need it for life
Awkward like Cartwright, twiddling my thumbs
Pondering my next accomplishments
It's condescending to say I won
Two lips, you kiss my ass tonight, huh?Ugh, ha (Da-na na-na-na)
Nah, fuck an intro, man, let's just go (Yeah!)

I come around like what goes around
What goes up must come down
Anyone who comes up must go down
Might as well go for the gusto now
Better not let up, better not let them breathe
Last shot, give it all you got
Try to turn me down, bitch
Get fucked with a volume knob, fuck all you snobs
Hoes, I hope all you rot
Two bottles of Lubriderm and a box of condoms
Is that all you brought?
And you want a ménage à trois, you twats?
Fuck that, I'd rather turn this club to a barroom brawl
Get rowdy as Roethlisberger in a bathroom stall
Like a leech stuck in a vacuum, y'all
Ain't nothing but a whole lot of sucking going on in rap
Yeah, but I'm home
Bad to the bone, back in the zone
Let him alone, you don't want to go eggin' him on
It'll never be my chair that you own
Crown so tight that it cuts off circulation to the brain
No oxygen—other words, there's no heir to the throne
When I die so does hip-hop
Hitchcock of the shit, bitch, ask Doc
Got it ziplocked in a bag
You fags ain't been able to fade me since Kid Rock had a high-top
Keep bloggin' while I mind-boggle
And I zone like I'm in the twilight, dog
Get off my bone, this is my mic, doggone it
I like hoggin' it
Flows so wet, I'ma take this beat tobogganing
I'm waterloggin' it—I'm sogging it
Pull your verse out the beat and stomp on it
Suplexing it on cement
Like I'm on some "Straight Outta Compton" shit
Take this dick and chomp on it
I'm so bad I can bitchslap a backhanded compliment
Jackass, eat a donkey dick
The game I just about conquered it
Like Donkey Kong, I'm bonkers, bitch
I'm the king of this honkey shit
I reign supreme in this honkey shit
No sense screaming and arguing
Makes no difference whether a Benz or a Bentley
Or a Bimmer's the car you in
You think you ball? Well, I palm it
I throw up bombs when I vomit
Boy, I throw down in the kitchen
Might hit your mom with my omelette
But you got egg on your face
Now watch me drop an atomic
I should be strapped to the chest of a kamikaze
Bitch, I'm as batshit as Ozzy
It's obvious, you can tell right off the bat
No pun intended, but come any closer, I'll bite off your head
Tryna give me the finger's kinda like giving a spider the web
I'm just gonna spin it and try to use it to my advantage
I'll catch a fly in that bitch, you think you fly, you just food
I give as much of a flying fuck as that Superman dude
Guess I just do what you can't do
And make you look stupid and bamboozled
Confused as usual and you can get whipped
She can open a can, too
But you better hope you can handle the heat
Or stay the fuck outta Hell's Kitchen
I came to cockblock like a square fucking male chicken
Yeah, it's Shady, slut, the rest can suck on that big one
'Cause I'm as despicable as Daffy Duck when I'm spittin'

Haha, RecoveryI don't know if we should be alone together
I still got a crush, that's obvious
If nobody's around, what's stopping us?
Everywhere I go you show whatever
I don't ever mind sharing oxygen
I just wanna get lost in your lungs

Just a baby, but she's growing up so fast
And I'm allergic to the waiting
She's just a baby girl
And I love to watch her dance
But it's making me go crazy

Can you let your baby be my girl?
Can you let your baby be my girl?
Can you let your baby be my girl?
Can you let your baby be mine?

I don't think that we should be around each other
When you're in the room, you get my eyes
You open your mouth, I'm hypnotized
I can make you laugh until you cry
You know you got all my attention
You know you got all mine

"Baby," I can't help but call her that
Even though I shouldn't say it
She was my baby girl
Might never get her back
But I don't mind being patient, yeah

Can you let your baby be my girl?
Can you let your baby be my girl?
Can you let your baby be my girl?
Can you let your baby be mine?

Okay
I'm just gonna tell you what I gotta say
Right here
I'm sorry Dave, I never meant to hurt your baby girl
She's your little baby, she's my soulmate
I don't want you to worry, she'll be so safe right here
Oh, so
Dave, would you let your baby be my girl?

Can you let your baby be my girl?
Can you let your baby be my girl?
Can you let your baby be my girl?
Can you let your baby be mine?
Your baby, she's mineSweetheart, you look a little tired
When did you last eat?
Come in and make yourself right at home
Stay as long as you need
Tell me, is something wrong?
If something's wrong, you can count on me
You know I'll take my heart clean apart, if it helps your's beat

It's okay if you can't find the words
Let me take your coat
And this weight off of your shoulders

Like a force to be reckoned with
A mighty ocean or a gentle kiss
I will love you with every single thing I have
Like a tidal wave, I'll make a mess
Or calm waters, if that serves you best
I will love you without any strings attached

It's okay if you can't catch your breath
You can take the oxygen straight out of my own chest

I know exactly how the rule goes:
Put my mask on first
No, I don't want to talk about myself
Tell me where it hurts
I just want to build you up, build you up
'Til you're good as new
And maybe one day I will get around to fixing myself too

I don't even know where to start
Already tired of trying to recall when it all fell apart
I just want to love you, to love you, to love you well
I just want to learn how, somehow, to be loved myself

Like a force to be reckoned with
A mighty ocean or a gentle kiss
I will love you without any strings attached
And what a privilege it is to love
A great honor to hold you up
Like a force to be reckoned with
A mighty ocean or a gentle kiss
I will love you with every single thing I have
Like a tidal wave, I'll make a mess
Or calm waters if that serves you best
I will love you without any strings attached
I will love you without a single string attachedWhen did I become so numb?
When did I lose myself?
All the words that leave my tongue
Feel like they came from someone else

I'm paralyzed, where are my feelings?
I no longer feel things, I know I should
I'm paralyzed, where is the real me?
I'm lost and it kills me inside, I'm paralyzed

When did I become so cold?
When did I become ashamed? (ohh)
Where's the person that I know?
They must have left, they must have left, with all my faith

I'm paralyzed, where are my feelings?
I no longer feel things, I know I should
I'm paralyzed, where is the real me?
I'm lost and it kills me inside, I'm paralyzed

I'm paralyzed
I'm scared to live, but I'm scared to die
And if life is pain then I buried mine
A long time ago, but it's still alive
And it's takin' over me, where am I?
I wanna feel somethin', I'm numb inside
But I don't feel nothin', I wonder why
I'm in the race of life and time passed by
Look, I sit back and I watch it
Hands in my pockets
Waves come crashin' over me, but I just watch 'em
I just watch 'em
I'm underwater but I feel like I'm on top of it
I'm at the bottom and I don't know what the problem is
I'm in a box, but I'm the one that locked me in
Suffocatin' and I'm runnin' out of oxygen, ah!

I'm paralyzed, where are my feelings?
I no longer feel things, I know I should
I'm paralyzed, where is the real me?
I'm lost and it kills me inside, I'm paralyzed

(I'm just so paralyzed) I'm paralyzed
(Yeah, I'm just so paralyzed) Where are my feelings?
I no longer feel things (I have no feelings)
I know I should (Oh, how come I'm not moving? Why aren't I moving?)
I'm paralyzed (Ay, yeah)
Where is the real me? (Where is the real me? Where is the real me?)
I'm lost and it kills me, (I'm paralyzed) inside (I'm paralyzed)
I'm paralyzed (I'm paralyzed)Na na na na
Na na na

Music to my ear, you my melody
Late nights, feeling sick, you my remedy
I remember every moment, every memory
Sippin' on you, fuck sippin' on the Hennessy
Have you livin' in the hills out in Beverly
Yeah, we coulda been forever, been a legacy
But you tryna fight, claimin' that we enemies
Thinking 'bout the jealousy, forgettin' all the chemistry, yeah

Whatever happened to "Together 'til we seventy"?
We moved apart, girl, now we livin' separately
I remember you, can't you remember me?
Loving you, my speciality, you my secret recipe
You helped me find myself, a part of my identity
My love, my oxygen, to me you a necessity
I hope this reaches you, if not, it's my serenity
Bars on my mind like I'm convicted for a felony
And ahh, that was a hard time
It's been a while since we talked, it's been a long time
I've been on my phone, checkin' if you online
Stalkin' up your page, wonder if you're on mine
Been a couple years, thought that I'd be over you
Still hold the tears when I think of holding you
You left and disappeared, I can't get a hold of you
I can't believe you'd do me wrong, was someone else controlling you?
'Cause after all the times, everything we been through
Every time you lie, I'd always defend you
And when I saw you cry, I'd just hold you gentle
For you I prayed to god, to me you like a temple
So tell me, did you love me or did you pretend to?
Everytime you touched me, was it even special?
Was I a priority or squeezed into the schedule?
Baby, you an angel, same time you the devil
After all the times, everything we been through
Every time you lie, I'd always defend you
And every time you'd cry, I'd just hold you gentle
For you I prayed to god, to me you like a temple

Music to my ear, you my melody
Late nights, feeling sick, you my remedy
I remember every moment, every memory
Sippin' on you, fuck sippin' on the Hennessy
Have you livin' in the hills out in Beverly
Yeah, we coulda been forever, been a legacy
But you tryna fight, claimin' that we enemies
Thinking 'bout the jealousy, forgettin' all the chemistry, yeah
Music to my ear, you my melody
Late nights, feeling sick, you my remedy
I remember every moment, every memory
Sippin' on you, fuck sippin' on the Hennessy
Have you livin' in the hills out in Beverly
Yeah, we coulda been forever, been a legacy
But you tryna fight, claimin' that we enemies
Thinking 'bout the jealousy, forgettin' all the chemistry, yeah, yeah

Duh duh, na na na na na na, yeah, yeah
Duh na na na na na na na, yeah, yeah
Duh na na, duh duh duh duh duh, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeahRight, uh, same shit every day, homie
Lord, please forgive me for all my sins
Yeah, nigga wake up to the same shit every day, homie
Walking in the valley of the shadow of death, no rules, right

Washing my sins off in hell's water
Feel like the Bible told me lies as I pray to 'em
Kneel down, put my faith in 'em, will you answer me?

But if God won't help me, this gun will
I swear I'm gon' find my way

Uh, four corners
Cat and mouse chase, got cheese to catch
High on on some drug, I'm Space Cadet
Dreaming I don't live up on the block no more
Trapping, trying to make it out this obstacle
Life on the edge, hell a block away
Pretty Snow White turned eight today
Selling that base, no Dr. Dre
Uh, guess who in the building?
Bucket hat with a strap like a pilgrim
Uh, kneeling down with some questions to address like
Why the ones who commit the worst sins live the best?
The Ten Commandments, I can mark five checks
But I sense flaws, the Bible preaching blind threats
Streets held me down, got faith in a Pyrex
Faith in a four-five, I call it the clarinet
Sewer full of drugs when the toilet digests
From the cop raid, all can relate from the streets
To the wall from niggas to compadres
When the sun go down, I'm predicting a heatwave
Forecast your whole body, heat on, room full of homies
I just pray that the Lord got me

But if God won't help me, this gun will
I swear I'm gon' find my way
Mic check, mic check, mic check
La-la, la-la, low-low, la-la, la-la, low
La-la, la-la, low-low, la-la, la-la, low
But if God won't help me, this gun will
I swear I'm gon' find my way

Aim that, shoot that, pledge allegiance
Kill mine, kill yours, make it even
Soul need saving, Mr. Preacher
I know I only come around when it's Easter
Funerals, Thanksgiving, Christmas time
When I'm in jail or when my card declined
Uh, will you answer me?
Take me out of hell and make plans for me?
Misery loves company, ain't a surprise
It was just me and my niggas, we was trying to survive
But we would never make it out alive
Shit, we living to die—oxymoron
Hope to get to heaven 'til that day arrive
Running through the ally, hope the bullet don't collide
Car window shattered, glass on my right side
Dogs bark in the backyard, root for me
Out of shape belly, courtesy of 40
Spoiled only child, baby boy Jody
Same jacket on from back in the day
Praying that the Lord come and take me away

But if God won't help me, this gun will
I swear I'm gon' find my way
Mic check, mic check, mic check
La-la, la-la, low-low, la-la, la-la, low
La-la, la-la, low-low, la-la, la-la, low
But if God won't help me, this gun will
I swear I'm gon' find my way

Ayo, tuna fish sandwiches bread, dry and stinking
Black Lincoln, burgundy Mac, I clap a king-pin
Caught me in the airport dusted that I was thinking
On how to stay rich and get bills with my acquaintances
Yeah, money is the issue, I diss you
It's no problem at all, yo, the bunch on the pistol
Cause I'm a suitcase king
Cooling at the gambling spot with a screwed face grin
New Beige Bent, we stay winning, play it again, yo
Put the bone in your jaw, now say it again
Round nightfall under the tents, coming to rinse
Get out the way or let the shotty dispense
Revenge killers who make the events iller
This is more realer, snatch you right up out of the Benz
The Wu wheelers who huddle up, coupes knows the truth
You know the whoopty-whoop, solo or group, I kill niggasBreathe out, breathe in
American oxygen, woah
Every breath I breathe
Chasin' this American Dream
We sweat for a nickel and a dime
Turn it into an empire, whoa
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen

American oxygen
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen

Oh say, can you see - this is the American Dream
Young girl, hustlin' on the other side of the ocean
You can be anything at all in America, America
I say if you can't see
Just close your eyes and breathe

Breathe out, breathe in
American oxygen, whoa
Every breath I breathe
Chasin' this American Dream
We sweat for a nickel and a dime
Turn it into an empire, whoa
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen

American oxygen
Breathe in, this feeling
American, American oxygen
American oxygen
Breathe in, this feeling
American, American oxygen

Oh say, can you see - this is the American Dream
Young boy, hustlin', tryna get the wheels in motion
But he can be anything at all in America, America
I say if you can't see
Just close your eyes and breathe

Breathe out, breathe in
American oxygen, whoa
Every breath I breathe
Chasin' this American Dream
We sweat for a nickel and a dime
Turn it into an empire, whoa
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen

This is the new America
We are the new America
This is the new America
We are the new America
This is the new America
We are the new America
This is the new America
We are the new America

Breathe out, breathe in
American oxygen, whoa
Every breath I breathe
Chasin' this American Dream
We sweat for a nickel and a dime
Turn it into an empire, whoa
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen

American oxygen
Breathe in, this feeling
American, American oxygen
American oxygen
Breathe in, this feeling
American, American oxygen

This is the new America
We are the new America
This is the new America
We are the new AmericaShe don't like her eggs all runny
She thinks crossin' her legs is funny
She looks down her nose at money
She gets it on like the Easter Bunny
She's my baby, I'm her honey
I'm never gonna let her go

He ain't got laid in a month of Sundays
I caught him once and he was sniffin' my undies
He ain't too sharp, but he gets things done
Drinks his beer like it's oxygen
He's my baby and I'm his honey
I'm never gonna let him go

In spite of ourselves, we'll end up a-sittin' on a rainbow
Against all odds, honey, we're the big door prize
We're gonna spite our noses right off of our faces
There won't be nothin' but big old hearts dancin' in our eyes

She thinks all my jokes are corny
Convict movies make her horny
She likes ketchup on her scrambled eggs
Swears like a sailor when she shaves her legs
She takes a lickin' and keeps on tickin'
I'm never gonna let her go

He's got more balls than a big brass monkey
He's a whacked-out weirdo and a lovebug junkie
Sly as a fox and crazy as a loon
Payday comes and he's howlin' at the moon
He's my baby, I don't mean maybe
Never gonna let him go

In spite of ourselves, we'll end up a-sittin' on a rainbow
Against all odds, honey, we're the big door prize
We're gonna spite our noses right off of our faces
There won't be nothin' but big old hearts dancin' in our eyes
In spite of ourselves, we'll end up a-sittin' on a rainbow
Against all odds, honey, we're the big door prize
We're gonna spite our noses right off of our faces
There won't be nothin' but big old hearts dancin' in our eyes

In spite of ourselvesYou can't resist her, she's in your bones
She is your marrow, and your ride home
You can't avoid her, she's in the air (in the air)
In between molecules of oxygen and carbon dioxide

Only in dreams, we see what it means
Reach out our hands, hold onto hers
But when we wake, it's all been erased
And so it seems, only in dreams

You walk up to her, ask her to dance
She says, "Hey, baby, I just might take the chance"
You say, "It's a good thing that you float in the air (in the air)
That way, there's no way I will crush your pretty toenails into a thousand pieces..."

Only in dreams, we see what it means
Reach out our hands, hold onto hers
But when we wake, it's all been erased
And so it seems, only in dreams

Only in dreams, only in dreams, only in dreams!
Only in dreams, only in dreams, only in dreams, only in dreams.....closed in
Come back again!
We don't wanna
We don't wanna
We don't wanna neva end
We don't wanna
We don't wanna neva end
We don't wanna
We don't wanna neva end
We don't wanna neva

We don't wanna neva
It's like our life has just began
'Cause we became the best of friends
You got all the questions and I know all the answers
I took your heart, girl, holding it up for ransom
We don't wanna neva end
We don't wanna
We don't wanna neva end
We don't wanna

I could tell you was into me, from our instant chemistry
As I reflect inwardly, you ride or you die for me
I'll go to war over you I don't give a fuck about showing you
You know what it is, Shorty, forever my lil' Shawty
Long as I'm swimmin' in Benjamins, you shop with no limited
I know you can't breathe without me, you gon' need the oxygen
I damn near gave you an overdose, on my own medicine
I took a sip of your tea and I ain't been right ever since
As I think to myself what it be is it Heaven sent
Let's put the past behind us
And go far away where nobody can find us!

We don't wanna neva end
It's like our life has just began
'Cause we became the best of friends
I got all the questions and you got all the answers
I took your heart, boy, holding it up for ransom
We don't wanna neva end
We don't wanna
We don't wanna neva end
We don't wanna

Oh, neva say neva
From the day we got together
I thought it will be forever
You showed your true colors
I can't believe you played me
I let you meet my mother!
Oh, you hung out with my brother, my significant other…
You know I still love you, baby boy you make me so made
It's like I can't get over
You, I can't get over you
And the things that you do
Swear I don't want nobody but you, baby!

We don't wanna neva end
It's like our life has just began
'Cause we became the best of friends
You got all the questions and I know all the answers
I took your heart, girl, holding it up for ransom
We don't wanna neva end
We don't wanna
We don't wanna neva end
We don't wanna

Is there anything you wanna know?
Is there any place you rather be?
You walk until your feet get sore
I bet you walking back
I bet you walking back to me
Actually, that's a guarantee
Our friendship was guaranteed
You got my ego in another league
I ain't tryna be cocky
I got your heart in my pocket

We don't wanna neva end
It's like our life has just began
'Cause we became the best of friends
I got all the questions and you got all the answers
I took your heart, girl, holding it up for ransom
We don't wanna neva end
We don't wanna
We don't wanna neva end
We don't wannaNo heart, no hands, no skin, no touch
Can get me there, nowhere enough
To love me like you do, to love me like you do
No kiss, no lips, no feel, no rush
Can you keep me high, I swear no one
Can love me like you do, can love me like you do, no

Nobody's gonna love me like you
Nobody, uh
Nobody, no uh
Nobody's gonna love me like you do
Like you, ooh
Nobody's gonna love me like you
Nobody, uh
Nobody, no uh
Nobody's ever led me to the truth
Like you, ooh
Nobody's gonna love me like you
Nobody, nobody ooh

No oxygen, can barely breathe
My darkest sin, you've raised release
And it's all because of you, all because of you
I don't know what it is, but you've pulled me in
No one compares, could ever begin
To love me like you do
And I wouldn't want them to
Cause...

Nobody's gonna love me like you
Nobody, uh
Nobody, no uh
Nobody's gonna love me like you do
Like you, ooh
Nobody's gonna love me like you
Nobody, uh
Nobody, no uh
Nobody's ever loved me to the truth
Like you, ooh

Nobody's gonna love me like you
Nobody, uh
Nobody, no uh
Nobody's gonna love me like you do
Like you, ooh
Nobody's gonna love me like you
Nobody, uh
Nobody, no uh
Nobody's ever loved me to the truth
Like you, ooh

I don't want nothing else
Not when I had the best
I don't want nothing else
Because you showed me the best

Nobody's gonna love me like you
Nobody, uh
Nobody, no uh
Nobody's gonna love me like you do
Like you, ooh
Nobody's gonna love me like you
Nobody, uh
Nobody, no uh
Nobody's ever loved me to the truth
Like you, oohI'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall

Oh, I'm in the jungle now
You've been seekin', I've been hidin' out
Use your love, it scares me so deep down
You may find me, 'cause my heart beats loud, so loud
It beats fast, in the places where you touched me last
I can feel the burn my skin, it has
But the return of your beloved hands, hands

I've lost control
I paddle, but you're too strong
But I gotta trust your flow
'Cause boy, I'm in your waterfall (waterfall)
Oh, I've lost control
And babe, it's a relief to know
I got you keeping me afloat
When I'm in your waterfall

I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall

Baby, you're my oxygen
When I cannot find my way on Earth
You know I can be when I hold on
Even when the rapid's strong

I've lost control
I paddle, but you're too strong
But I gotta trust your flow
'Cause babe, I'm in your waterfall (waterfall)
But I've lost control
And babe, it's a relief to know
I got you keeping me afloat
When I'm in your waterfall

I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall

Oh, oh, oh, oh-oh
Oh, oh, oh-oh
Oh, oh, oh-oh
Waterfall
Oh, oh, oh, oh-oh
Oh, oh, oh-oh
Oh, oh, oh-oh
Waterfall

I've lost control
I paddle, but you're too strong
But I gotta trust your flow
'Cause boy, I'm in your waterfall, (yeah, yeah)
Oh, I've lost control
And babe, it's a relief to know
I got you keeping me afloat
When I'm in your waterfall

I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall, (yeah, yeah)
I'm in your waterfall, (I'm in your waterfall)
I'm in your waterfall, (I'm in your waterfall)
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfall
I'm in your waterfallOne
If I could I would nail these hands to the edges of stars. I would sacrifice this body to the sky hoping to resurrect as someone spiteful enough to not care about you anymore.
Two
Staple me to a cross. Pierce my side with a broken promise and I will bleed all the crippled reasons why you deserve one more chance.
Three
Loving you was the last thing I felt really good at.
Four
You wanna know how I got these scars? I ripped every last piece of you out of my smile.
Five
I whispered you stardust.
Six
I spoke you into sunflowers.
Seven
I dipped my hands in forever. I Touched you infinity, Treated you as if you were the last molecule of oxygen inside of a gas chamber. I was good to you.
Eight
You wanna know how I got these scars? I swallowed my pride and then it clawed its way out of my mouth.
Nine
I realized I was never really your boyfriend. I was just your hype man.
Ten
I hope your next boyfriend gets smallpox.
Ten
Yes I said smallpox!
Ten
I hate you!
Ten
But I miss you!
Ten
I love you!
Ten
It’s hard for me to count when I get emotional.
Ten
I heard that 90% of human interaction is nonverbal so

Ten
If I could I would tie your arms to a daydream and then auction you off to my fondest memories.
See I wrote this poem in my own spinal fluid, I put it on the backbone of a white flag so before you read it you’ll already know that I've given up. I’ll just keep you here. Shackled to the most important chapter of my life story pressed into the basement of my eyelids like liquid salvation so I remember you beautiful with amazing underneath your wings and an orchid smile, you gorgeous earthquake. You cracked hourglass with sand spilling from behind your ribs, you wasted my time
How dare you linger on my lips and then kiss me like a stuttering apology with excuses stapled to the roof of your mouth. I still remember you like a dream  tattooed to the inner walls of a long term memory but some days I wonder if you existed at all.
And of course, you wanna know how I got these scars.
I got these scars the day I fell in love with you.
I landed face first.Faith, you're driving me away
You do it every day
You don't mean it, but it hurts like hell
My brain says I'm receiving pain
A lack of oxygen
From my life support, my iron lung

We're too young to fall asleep
Too cynical to speak
We are losing it, can't you tell?
We scratch our eternal itch
Our twentieth century bitch
We are grateful for our iron lung

The headshrinkers, they want my everything
My uncle Bill, my Belisha beacon
The headshrinkers, they want my everything
My uncle Bill, my Belisha beacon

Suck, suck your teenage thumb
Toilet trained and dumb
When the power runs out, we'll just hum
This, this is our new song
Just like the last one
A total waste of time, my iron lung

The headshrinkers, they want my everything
My uncle Bill, my Belisha beacon
The headshrinkers, they want my everything
My uncle Bill, my Belisha beacon

And if you're frightened
You can be frightened
You can be, it's okay
And if you're frightened
You can be frightened
You can be, it's okay

The headshrinkers, they want my everything
My uncle Bill, my Belisha beacon
The headshrinkers, they want my everything
My uncle Bill, my Belisha beaconMother, I don't wanna take my medicine
24 years in the gutter again, I'm losing it
I'm losing it

Everybody's acting like they're all alright
I can barely get myself to sleep at night, I'm sick of it
Yeah, I'm sick of it

Yeah, they sent the taxman
I lost my job, and
You got hooked on oxycodone
They shut the lights off
They took the car, and
I bought a sawed-off shotgun
Yeah, they sent the taxman
I lost my job, and
You got hooked on oxycodone
They shut the lights off
They took the car, and
I bought a sawed-off shotgun

I'd rather be crazy than to take these pills
I'm sick of being okay against my will
I'm losing it, I'm losing it

Ain't a thing in this world that I'm gonna miss
It's all fake smiles and leather jackets
We're full of it, yeah, we're full of shit

I don't know who to trust, ooh

Yeah, they sent the taxman
I lost my job, and
You got hooked on oxycodone
They shut the lights off
They took the car, and
I bought a sawed-off shotgun
Yeah, they sent the taxman
I lost my job, and
You got hooked on oxycodone
They shut the lights off
They took the car, and
I bought a sawed-off shotgun

I'm losing it
I bought a sawed-off shotgun
I'm losing it
I bought a sawed-off shotgun

I don't know who to trust
Mainly people like us

Yeah, they sent the taxman
I lost my job, and
You got hooked on oxycodone
They shut the lights off
They took the car, and
I bought a sawed-off shotgun
Yeah, they sent the taxman
I lost my job, and
You got hooked on oxycodone
They shut the lights off
They took the car, and
I bought a sawed-off shotgun
Yeah, they sent the taxman
I lost my job, and
You got hooked on oxycodone
They shut the lights off
They took the car, and
I bought a sawed-off shotgunOh, oh
Oh, oh

What if I changed my mind?
What if I said it's over?
I been flying so long
Can't remember what it was like to be sober
What if I lost my lives?
What if I said game over?
What if I forget my lines
And I lose all my composure?

Honestly she's the only one that's watching over me
Gives me oxygen when it gets hard to breathe
And if I'm wrong or right
She's always on my side
And if I lose the fight

I know she'll bring me back
Bring me back, bring me back to life
Bring me back
Bring me back, bring me back to life

What if we never met?
What if I never saw her?
'Cause I've been burning up for so long
In a world that just keeps getting colder

Honestly she's the only one that's watching over me
Gives me oxygen when it gets hard to breathe
And if I'm wrong or right
She's always on my side
And if I lose the fight

I know she'll bring me back
Bring me back, bring me back to life
Bring me back
Bring me back, bring me back to life

Nobody does this like you
I've been around the world
I seen a lot of girls
I been a lot of places
I seen a lot of faces
Nobody does this like you

Honestly she's the only one that's watching over me
Gives me oxygen when it gets hard to breathe
And if I'm wrong or right
She's always on my side
And if I lose the fight
I know she'll bring me back to life1 - Transformation identique1.1 - répétition graphique ou rythmique- Figure dérivative
- Isocolie
1.2 - répétition phonique- Allitération
- Assonance
- Contre-Assonance
- Harmonie imitative
- Homéotéleute
- Paréchèse
- Prosonomasie
1.3 - répétition morpho-syntaxique- Anaphore
- Antanaclase
- Concaténation
- Épanadiplose
- Épanalepse
- Épiphore
- Expolition
- Homéoptote
- Palilogie
- Paronomase
- Polyptote
- Symploque
1.4 - répétition sémantique- Adynaton
- Anadiplose
- Hyperbole
- Métagore
- Métaphore
- Métaphore filée
- Parrhésie
2 - Transformation non-identique2.1 - Par adjonction2.1.1 - adjonction graphique- Acrostiche
2.1.2 - adjonction morpho-syntaxique- Anadiplose
- Énumération
- Épanadiplose
- Épiphore
- Épitrochasme
- Gradation
- Néologisme
- Périphrase
2.1.3 - adjonction sémantique- Comparaison
- Oxymore
- Pléonasme
- Réversion (ou Régression)
- Synesthésie
- Dysphémisme
2.2 - Par suppression2.2.1 - suppression graphique- Allographe
- Apocope
- Lipogramme
2.2.2 - suppression phonique- Aphérèse
2.2.3 - suppression morpho-syntaxique- Asyndète
- Ellipse
- Ellipse temporelle
- Épitrochasme
- Zeugma
2.2.4 - suppression sémantique- Calembour
- Euphémisme
- Kakemphaton
- Prétérition
2.3 - Par déplacement2.3.1 - déplacement graphique- Antimétathèse
- Palindrome
2.3.2 - déplacement morpho-syntaxique- Antimétabole
- Chiasme
- Hypallage
- Hypozeuxe
- Inversion
- Parallélisme
2.3.3 - déplacement sémantique- Analepse
- Antithèse
- Épanorthose
- Prolepse
2.4 - Par substitution2.4.1 - substitution graphique- Anagramme
2.4.2 - substitution morpho-syntaxique- Anacoluthe
- Antiparémie
- Solécisme
- Syllepse
2.4.3 - substitution sémantique- Allégorie
- Antonomase
- Litote
- Métagore
- Métaphore
- Métaphore filée
- Métonymie
- Personnification
- Prosopopée
- Question rhétorique
- Réification
- Synecdoque
3 - Vocabulaire d'analyse- Alexandrin
- Champ lexical
- Diérèse
- Enjambement
- Gémination
- Hémistiche
- Polysémie
- Rejet/Contre-rejet
- Strophe
- Synérèse
- VersI don't like to wait too long, to wait too long, wait too long
Bring it on and bring it strong, bring it baby
I feel the pain and it feels good, I knew it would
Your heart burns through, I feel the pain and I cry out
I need you, I need you

Babe, I want to drink you in
Like oxygen, like oxygen
Baby I'm a house on fire
And I want to keep burning
Boy I'm going up in flames
And you're to blame
Yeah, you're to blame
Baby I'm a house on fire
And I want to keep burning
I want to keep burning
I want to keep burning
I want to keep burning
Baby I'm a house on fire
I want to keep burning
I want to keep burning
I want to keep burning
Baby I'm a house on fire

So take me to the heavens now
As we burn down, as we are found
Take me to the heavens now
My heart screams out
I need you, I need you

Babe, I want to drink you in
Like oxygen, like oxygen
Baby I'm a house on fire
And I want to keep burning
Boy I'm going up in flames
And you're to blame
Yeah, you're to blame
Baby I'm a house on fire
And I want to keep burning
I want to keep burning
I want to keep burning
I want to keep burning
Baby I'm a house on fire
I want to keep burning
I want to keep burning
I want to keep burning
Baby I'm a house on fire

Love me to the beat of a drum
To the beat of a drum, yeah
Love me, till the walls cave in, yeah
Love me, to the beat of a drum
To the beat of a drum, yeah
Love me, I don't want saving

Babe, I want to drink you in
Like oxygen, like oxygen
Baby I'm a house on fire
And I want to keep burning
Boy I'm going up in flames
And you're to blame
Yeah, you're to blame
Baby I'm a house on fire
And I want to keep burning
I want to keep burning
I want to keep burning
I want to keep burning
Baby I'm a house on fire
I want to keep burning
I want to keep burning
I want to keep burning
Baby I'm a house on fireI'm at the door at a quarter to four
Poppers popping, baby, might take some more
I'm fucking loose, you're gorgeous, I don't care
Come closer, baby, slap me like that snare
Moon Shaped Pool plays in the velvet cell
Green neon sign reading "Welcome to Hell"
Leather slings fall like oxygen masks
We're going down, fuck my life in half
School of magic, with brooms and wands
Pairs of people tugging like hungry dogs
For bone, baby, in the house of slithering
Floor full of happy wizards scissoring
I don't subscribe to your cultural norms
My church's doctrine has lost its charm
Rise above the gloom of the jungle floor
Hit me like that snare, more, more, more
I don't subscribe to your cultural norms
My church's doctrine has lost its charm
Family matters, I couldn't agree more
This is my family fisting me on the floor
Regret my safe word, one to ten in Japanese
At the party, carpet burning my knees
Na na na na na na na na na na na na
(Ichi, ni, san, shi, go, roku, nana, hachi, kyu, jyuu)
Ichi, ni, san, go, roku, nana, hachi, kyu, jyuu
Ichi, ni, san, go, roku, nana, hachi, kyu, jyuu
(Nē, sakki no sunea mitai ni aterushi, hoshī? Ji yaa sou suruwa.)

We are dangerous teenagers
We are dangerous teenagers
Fuck you, I'll do what I want to do
Fuck you, I'll do what I want to do
Fuck you, I'll do what I want to do
Fuck you, I'll do what I want to doAbyss
Act (I, II, etc)
Actor/Actress
Actor's Toolbox
Allegory
Alliteration
Amphitheater
Antagonist
Anticipation
Archetypes
Aside
Atmosphere
Audience
Backcloth
Backstage
Barnstormers
Burlesque
Cast
Catwalk
Character
Choreographer
Choreography
Chorus
Climax
Comedy
Comedy of manners
Company
Conflict
Costume
Costume Deisgner
Coup de Théâtre
Creative Director
Crew
Curtain (rise/fall)
Curtain Call
Cut
Dialog(ue)
Director
Down Stage/Up stage
Drama
Dramatic Pause
Elizabethan playhouse
End Scene
Entr'acte
Epigram
Farce
Falling action
Foil
Fool/Clown
Footlights
Foreshadowing
Fourth Wall
French scene
Greasepaint
Green Room
Inner Monologue
Intermission
Irony
Lighting Director
Limelight
Makeup
Melodrama
Metaphor
Monologue
Mood
Moral
Motif
Narrator
Overture
Oxymoron
Passion play
Pathetic Fallacy
Pit
Playbook
Playwright
Plot
Plot Twist
Producer
Projection (of voice)
Prologue
Props
Protagonist
Read through
Rehearsal
Resolution
Rising Action
Romance
Satire
Scenery
Scene change
Script
Setting
Showboat
Simile
Soliloquy
Soundscape
Stage Crew
Stage Direction
Stage Right/Left
Stage Manager
Supporting Role
Tension
Theme
Tone
Tragedy
Vaudeville
WriterI forget to

It's been a week since you hit my bed
And since then, you've started living in my head, eh
Seven days, and I'm nearly dead
Never thought that I'd reboot
But you're a different kind of new

It's like I feel everything more (I forget to)
All my body knows it when you reach my floor, eh
My heart is beating down the door
And now I'm stocking up on oxygen

'Cause when I see you
I forget to bre-e-eathe
I forget to bre-e-eathe
I forget to bre-e-eathe
I forget to, when I'm with you
(I forget to)

If I could just inhale some chill
It's like I'm living out in space
How am I still here?
Did you slip me a magic pill?
Got me lifted like an astronaut
No helmet on and my lungs just stop

So please, when you look at me like that
There's no way to fight back, no
Please, can't you see I'm stocking up on oxygen?

'Cause when I see you
I forget to bre-e-eathe
I forget to bre-e-eathe
I forget to bre-e-eathe
I forget to, when I'm with you
When I see you, I forget to bre-e-eathe (I forget to)
I forget to bre-e-eathe (I forget to)
I forget to bre-e-eathe (I forget to)
I forget to, when I'm with you

I don't know how to live without the breath you finish
I don't know how to live without the breath you finish
I don't know how to live without the breath you finish
Give me it, give me it

I forget to bre-e-eathe
I forget to bre-e-eathe
I forget to bre-e-eathe
I forget to, when I'm with you
When I see you, I forget to bre-e-eathe (I forget to)
I forget to bre-e-eathe (I forget to)
I forget to bre-e-eathe (I forget to)
I forget to, when I'm with you

I forget toTornado, I see you coming around
Don't let go, you know I'm holding you down
These people shouldn't change like the weather, man
People shouldn't change if they innocent
People act strange when it's getting hard to breathe
So let me be your oxygen

Please don't go, I will stay
When everyone is leaving and you're feeling strange
See them all, hear them say
Trying to breathe, but you're feeling strange
Oh woah, feel like you're living, but you might be better off dead
If you're going under, then I'll be your oxygen
(When everything is falling)
I'll be your oxygen
(When everything is falling)
I'll be your oxygen
(When everything is falling)
I'll be your oxygen, yeah
(When everything is falling)

Domino, this world keeps knocking you down
Let them know, no one can push you around
Getting hard to breathe in the avalanche
Feels like you never see the sun again
Domino, this world keeps knocking you down

Please don't go, I will stay
When everyone is leaving and you're feeling strange
See them all, hear them say
Trying to breathe, but you're feeling strange
Oh woah, feel like you're living, but you might be better off dead
If you're going under, then I'll be your oxygen
(When everything is falling)
I'll be your oxygen
(When everything is falling)
I'll be your oxygen
(When everything is falling)
I'll be your oxygen, yeah
(When everything is falling)

Laughing with these demons in your head
But they don't mean nothing, they don't mean nothing, no
Feeding off the words that they all say
They don't mean nothing, no

Please don't go, I will stay
When everyone is leaving and you're feeling strange
See them all, hear them say
Trying to breathe, but you're feeling strange
Please don't go, I will stay
When everyone is leaving and you're feeling strange
See them all, hear them say
Trying to breathe, but you're feeling strange
Oh woah, feel like you're living, but you might be better off dead
If you're going under, then I'll be your oxygen
(When everything is falling)
I'll be your oxygen
(When everything is falling)
I'll be your oxygen
(When everything is falling)
I'll be your oxygen, yeah
(When everything is falling)"Time to put the ear covers on!"
"No!"

Born to multiply
Born to gaze into night skies
All you want's one more Saturday
Well, look here until then
They gonna buy your life's time
So keep your wick in the air and your feet in the fetters
'Til the day

We come in doing cartwheels
We all crawl out by ourselves
And your shape on a dance floor
Will have me thinking such filth to gouge my eyes

You'll be damned to be one of us girl
Faced with the dodo's conundrum
I felt like I could just fly
But nothing happened every time I try

A duotone on the wall
Selfless fool who hoped he'd save us all
Never dreamt of such sterile hands
You keep 'em folded in your lap
Or raise them up to beg for scraps
You know he's holding you down with the tips of his fingers
Just the same

Will you be pulled from the ocean
A-just a minute too late?
Or changed by a potion
To find a handsome young mate for you to love?

You'll be damned to pining through the windowpanes
You know you'd trade your life for any ordinary Joe
Well, do it now or grow old
Your nightmares only need a year or two to unfold

Been alone since you were twenty-one
You haven't laughed since January
You try and make like this is so much fun
But we know it to be quite contrary

Dare to be one of us, girl
Facing the android's conundrum
I felt like I should just cry
But nothing happens every time I take one on the chin
You Himmler in your coat, you don't know how long I've been
Watching the lantern dim
Starved of oxygen
So give me your hand and let's jump out the windowAnd now, ASAP Science presents
The elements of the Periodic Table

There's Hydrogen and Helium
Then Lithium, Beryllium
Boron, Carbon everywhere
Nitrogen all through the air
With Oxygen so you can breathe
And Fluorine for your pretty teeth
Neon to light up the signs
Sodium for salty times
Magnesium, Aluminium, Silicon
Phosphorus, then Sulfur, Chlorine and Argon
Potassium, and Calcium so you'll grow strong
Scandium, Titanium, Vanadium and Chromium and Manganese

This is the Periodic Table
Noble gas is stable
Halogens and Alkali react aggressively
Each period will see new outer shells
While electrons are added moving to the right

Iron is the 26th
Then Cobalt, Nickel coins you get
Copper, Zinc and Gallium
Germanium and Arsenic
Selenium and Bromine film
While Krypton helps light up your room
Rubidium and Strontium then Yttrium, Zirconium
Niobium, Molybdenum, Technetium
Ruthenium, Rhodium, Palladium
Silver-ware then Cadmium and Indium
Tin-cans, Antimony then Tellurium and Iodine and Xenon and then Caesium and

Barium is 56 and this is where the table splits
Where Lanthanides have just begun
Lanthanum, Cerium and Praseodymium
Neodymium's next to
Promethium, then 62's
Samarium, Europium, Gadolinium and Terbium
Dysprosium, Holmium, Erbium, Thulium
Ytterbium, Lutetium

Hafnium, Tantalum, Tungsten then we're on to
Rhenium, Osmium and Iridium
Platinum, Gold to make you rich 'til you grow old
Mercury to tell you when it's really cold
Thallium and Lead then Bismuth for your tummy
Polonium, Astatine would not be yummy
Radon, Francium will last a little time
Radium then Actinides at 89

This is the Periodic Table
Noble gas is stable
Halogens and Alkali react aggressively
Each period will see new outer shells
While electrons are to the right

Actinium, Thorium, Protactinium
Uranium, Neptunium, Plutonium
Americium, Curium, Berkelium
Californium, Einsteinium, Fermium
Mendelevium, Nobelium, Lawrencium
Rutherfordium, Dubnium, Seaborgium
Bohrium, Hassium then Meitnerium
Darmstadtium, Roentgenium, Copernicium
Nihonium, Flerovium
Moscovium, Livermorium
Tennessine, and Oganesson
And then we're doneThis fire in my head's got me on edge
I'm going out tonight
Faded on a thread, don't know what's next
I wanna feel alive

I kissed a stranger in a white dress
She put a crown on top of my head
Said every king needs a queen in his bed

I said, hey girl, hey girl
I'd like to stay here for a while
Just you and I
Far from the places we can't get away from
She said, hey boy, hey boy
I like your style
I'll let you play me for a while
Play me 'till the sun rises
Play me like a violin

I'm here with you now, not coming down
Leave my insanity
Up here in the clouds, look what we found
Oxygen, we can breathe

Let the madness slowly undress
Rip the mask off over our heads
We can dive down deeper instead

I said, hey girl, hey girl
I'd like to stay here for a while
Just you and I
Far from the places we can't get away from
She said, hey boy, hey boy
I like your style
I'll let you play me for a while
Play me 'till the sun rises
Play me like a violin

Play me 'till the sun rises
Play me 'till your hands give in
Play me like a violin
Play me 'till the sun rises
Play me 'till you can't hide it
Play me like a violin

Play me 'till the sun rises
Play me 'till your hands give in
Play me like a violin
Play me 'till the sun rises
Play me 'till you can't hide it
Play me like a violinYou're my favorite explosion
A violin with no hands plays symphonies
With no words
A drowning boy with no voice prays
Someone up there's telling me
You'd better not get back up!
I spit my heart into this red cup
I'd better pick it back up, it might ruin your night
And she said
Baby, leave the water by the bed for later
And I woke up without a single drop

I told myself I'm tired of holding up your backup plans
Go down your list and be satisfied if all you have is
Not enough
(True love comes from more than just the heart)

She said paint a picture on me
Throw your dress up and your heart away
Yeah, I heard what you said
A friend of a friend, these strangers at the party
Never paid
And if that doesn't turn you on
I'll keep talking till something does
As we're covered in sand, you roll over and smile

I told myself I'm tired of holding up your backup plans
Go down your list and be satisfied if all you have is not enough
(True love comes from more than just the heart)

And until that day
I'll steal you flowers from the cemetery, red roses
Red rose of the dead
How does it feel to breathe oxygen inside her head?
So say it, say I'm in love
Cause you called me crying from your job
Said you just got fired and you don't have a backup plan
So don't expect me to understand
A diamond bullet and a gun made of gold, she was covered in blood last seen in San Francisco

Yeah!
We all break down
Sometimes the bedroom walls become my only friends
But they were there from beginning to end
(Were there from beginning to end)
I'm tired of holding up your backup plans
Go down your list and be satisfied it's all you have
You know I've never held a gun in my life
But now I carry one around in case I see you tonight
Bedroom walls
Oh, these bedroom walls
Oh, I hate what it tastes likeI can see it happening
Happen, I can see it happening
Happen, I can see it

Can't go with the flow, got to make waves
Even though I look at the sand, and I'm just one grain
But my intuition says there's a bigger mission I must embrace
So I'm, I'm pushing my thoughts to a new place

I'm kicking and screaming
'Cause it won't be easy
To break all the patterns
If I'm not evolving
I'm just another robot
Taking up oxygen

It's something bigger than me
I can feel it beginning
Something bigger than me
Yeah, I can feel it opening
Tried to ignore it
But it keeps on growing
Out of control
It's something bigger than me
And I can feel it happening

So I'll speak my truth though my voice shakes (I can see it)
Try to summon the strength to look fear in the face

But I'm kicking and screaming
'Cause it won't be easy
To break all the patterns
If I'm not evolving
I'm just another robot
Taking up oxygen

It's something bigger than me
I can feel it beginning
Something bigger than me
Yeah, I can feel it opening
Tried to ignore it
But it keeps on growing
Out of control (out of control)
It's something bigger than me
And I can feel it happening

Happening (Oh-ah, oh-ah, oh-ah)
Happen, I can see it happening
Happen, I can see it happening (Oh-ah, oh-ah, oh-ah)
Happen, I can see it happening
I can see it, I can see it, I can see it happening

It's something bigger than me
Something bigger than me
Yeah, I can feel it opening
Tried to ignore it
But it keeps on growing
Out of control (Out of control)
It's something bigger than me
And I can feel it happening

Happening (I can feel it)
Happen, (I can see it) I can see it happening
(I can feel it)
Happen, I can see itLive off you, live off you
'Cause you're mine
Oxygen
Live off you, live off you
'Cause you're mine
Oxygen

I'm topless walking on the frontline with no ammo
I know I might get shot but I still go though (Go though)
Go hard, go hard, go hard in beast mode
All I wish is the clock be ticking in slow mo
In a room with no exit not expecting things to be like this
Time keeps passing by I'm just gonna slowly close my eyes
Can't breathe for now I might die, just hoping you'll be mine
Come back to my life, come back to my life, ayy

Live off you, live off you
'Cause you're mine
Oxygen
Live off you, live off you
'Cause you're mine
Oxygen
Live off you, live off you
'Cause you're mine
Oxygen
Live off you, live off you
'Cause you're mine
Oxygen

Dive so deep in the ocean, yeah
I ain't no life vest protection, yeah
A hundred meters down below, even when it's a hundred hours long
Nothing matters anymore when I went down there
Staying by my side we can conquer, yeah
Maybe I can be your Aquaman
Underwater we can travel everywhere
Riding on the road, ain't got no traffic lights (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Vibing out all night long be my miss right (Miss right)
Deep in your shadows I dive, want you to be in my life
'Cause I, 'cause I, 'cause I live off you

Live off you, live off you
'Cause you're mine
Oxygen
Live off you, live off you
'Cause you're mine
Oxygen
Live off you, live off you
'Cause you're mine
Oxygen
Live off you, live off you
'Cause you're mine
OxygenShe was a shark smile in a yellow van
She came around and I stole her glance
In my youth, a vampire
Evelyn shown quiet as roses sting
It came over me at a bad time
But who wouldn't ride on a moonlit line?
I had her in my eye, 85 down the road of a dead end gleam

And she said woo
Baby, take me
And I said woo
Baby, take me too

It came over her at a bad time
Riding through Winona down the dotted line
Held us gunning out
90 miles down the road of a dead end dream
She looked over with her part smile
Caught up in the twinkle, it could take awhile
And the money pile on the dashboard fluttering

As she said woo
Baby, take me
And I said woo
Baby, take me too

Evelyn's kiss was oxygen
I leaned over to take it in
As we went howling through the edge of south Des Moines
It came over me at a bad time
She burned over the double line
And she impaled as I reached my hand for the guard rail
Ooh the guard rail
Ooh the guard rail

She said woo
Baby, take me
And I said woo
Baby, take me too
She said woo
Baby, take me
And I said woo
Baby, take me tooUh
Slim Shady
Uh
Slim Shady
Uh
Slim Shady
Uh, yo

Well, I do pop pills, I keep my tube socks filled
Pop the same shit that got 2Pac killed
Spit game to these hoes
Like a soap opera episode
Punch a bitch in the nose 'til her whole face explodes
There's three things I hate:
Girls, women, and bitches (What?)
I'm that vicious to walk up and drop-kick midgets
They call me Boogie Night
The stalker that walks awkward
Stick figured with a dick bigger than Mark Wahlberg
Coming through the airport, sluggish, walking on crutches
Hit a fucking  bitch in her  with luggage
It's like a dream I can't snap out
I black out or back out
Lookin for somebody ug' to beat the crap out
I'm bringing you rap singers two middle fingers
I flip you off in French, then translate it to English
Then I'mma vanish off the face of the planet and come back
Speaking so much Spanish, Pun can't even understand it

Won't you busa rhyme for me, boy?
(It's the ill, that cool? Slim Shady)
Won't you busa rhyme for me, boy?
(It's the ill, that cool? Slim mothafucking Shady)
Won't you busa rhyme for me, boy?
(It's the ill, that cool? Slim Shady)
Won't you busa rhyme for me, boy?
(It's the ill, that cool? Slim mothafucking Shady)

I had a huge attitude, started off staticky
Mad at you, had you mad at me automatically (One more time)
I'm not a commodity, I'm an oddity
Who oddly enough developed himself a Halloween following
It's so big, if I counted up all the freaks who follow me (One, two)
I'd probably owe Ozzy Osbourne an apology (Whoops)
College girls, live in an alcoholic's world
Full of url, head twirls every time the toilet swirls
Covered in throw-up, and I refuse to grow up
I won't budge, I still tell a grown-up to shut up (Shut up!)
I made this rap game suspenseful
Cause now I got an impulse game to insult you wit a pencil (Bitch)
They waste the paper on you, chopping down the oakwood
Cause everything that you wrote in your notebook was no good
And as long as I stay in the studio and keep cuttin'
You motherfuckers are puttin' your words together for nothin'

Won't you busa rhyme for me, boy?
(It's the ill, that cool? Slim Shady)
Won't you busa rhyme for me, boy?
(It's the ill, that cool? Slim mothafucking Shady)
Won't you busa rhyme for me, boy?
(It's the ill, that cool? Slim Shady)
Won't you busa rhyme for me, boy?
(It's the ill, that cool? Slim mothafucking Shady)

Turn the music up, we gon' wake the neighbors (Uh, uh)
We gon' get high, we gon' roll to Vegas (Uh huh, uh)
Me and Slim Shady on some shit daily (Uh, wha-wha?)
What you want, what you got
Is it hot, is it hot?
Turn the music up, we gon' wake the neighbors (Uh, uh)
We gon' get high, we gon' roll to Vegas (Uh huh, uh)
Me and Slim Shady, on some shit daily (Wha-wha? Yo)
What you want, what you want? Uh yo...

"A person from another planet might disagree with you."
"Well, if you want my opinion, he comes from right here on Earth."
Slim Shady, Misdemeanor
Timbaland
Slim Shady, Misdemeanor

I'm homicidal and suicidal with no friends
Holding a gun with no handle, just a barrel at both ends
Sprayin' tec's at you until you see your fucking legs
With the bullet holes and the exit wounds laying next to you (Ah!)
Fucking mad dog, foaming at the mouth (Grrr)
Fuck mouth, my whole house is foaming at the couch
Jumped out of the 93rd floor of a building
And shot every window out on the way down to the ground
(Keep filming!)
Woke up to a hospital staff, got up and laughed
Chopped 'em in half, suffocated the oxygen mask
Shit, if I get any higher
I'mma get the East and West beefing again
Fly back to Detroit and stand in the crossfire

Y'all better call the police 'fore I kill this track
Don't shoot Missy! Get back
Uh, I'mma put you all in the line uh, and I'mma watch you MC's die
Yo Mommy, Mommy, Missy done lost her mind
I think somebody done pissed her off this time
Yeah, I'mma have to bus' you through your chest and
Uh, you gon' have to clean up the mess (Uh huh)
It's raining, raining and it's pouring loud
Never fear, 'cause pissy Missy's through the crowd
Uh, I hear that the gats go cha-pow
You shot me dammit! Bitch get down
Don't walk when I talk, I never talk when I smile (Uh huh)
I'mma lay em on down, like they lived underground (Uh)
For the sounds that me and Timbaland, we found
Get your ass kicked later or get your ass kicked now

Uhh, one-two Misdemeanor, Slim Shady, Timbaland, motherfucker
Uhh uhh uhh, two, two, two, triple zeroI don't believe this!
I get rid of those two evil maniacs who try to ruin my show
And I get two evil GUESTS who are trying to ruin my show
FEH! Just who came up with the stupid idea
Of giving Space Ghost a talk show in the first place?

How they gave his own show to Tad Ghostal?
Any given second he could go mad postal
Stay wavin' that power band space cannon
And have the nerve to jump in the face of Race Bannon
And punked out; luckily he deaded it
And guess who's the schmuck who's credited with editing it?
Your man Moltar, the cop out
Ain't have no other career choice, he dropped out
Since when the Way-Outs included Zorak
Way back he used to rub his thorax in Borax (hahahahah)
I'm not the one that sold him to it
If he won't admit it, I'm not gonna hold him to it
It's all love and no hate though
For all that, the Villain need to get his own late show
Do a monologue and jest with the guests
Madlib, switch the beat and walk him to the desk
With Danger holding down the control room
Late again returning from commercial - I told you DOOM!
Early, he's on B.P.T
Catch him on public access free TV
And we're back, live on the air with Brak ("hey!")
So Brak, how your man got a show that's so whack? ("What?")
Have you ever thought to work with Err and Ignignokt an' them?
And do you got enough oxygen from this toxic phlegm?
Another sec', his neck woulda got flames
Mouse switched the screen to some hot dames
Tonight's audience will receive miscreant videogames
And fifteen seconds of fame, pitiful aims
It's just a shame; I'm zonin'
Competin' for the same prime time slot as Conan
No dummy, Edogawa
Announcement free lunch to any stunt who lets me plow her
In the shower for an hour, the kids 'sposed to be asleep
Or else to join it sound like Road Runner - BEEP BEEP!
Later this week, Big Ben Klingon
After him there's no one else we could afford to bring on
Keep it ghetto
And let 'em know, B.Y.O.B. from the get go
(*Ahem*) I'd like to propose a toast
To the grossest host, Space Ho's Coast to Coast
That destructo ray's a played out gag
And the cape and the pants suit, lookin like a straight out
Dag! Don't mean to sound crunchy
Hit a honey from the back and crumpled up her scrunchie
A light snack, hungry munchy
Felt a funny hunch then she told him donkey punch me
Tomorrow it's Father Guido Sarducci
Father MC, and Charo "Coochie Coochie"
With her new best seller, "Who You Call a Hoochie?"
A proud sponsor of the snoochie boochie noochies
Look Leela eyeball to eyeballs
And find out how to get inside them sugar pie walls
Our next guest a real cutey specimen
And she's startin to get a little booty, Miss Judy Jetson
So Judy; boxers, briefs or fig leaf?
As you know I wear my boxers so my big
Cue the rapper tell him bring what little he got
Up against the Villy, it's really not diddly-squat
Until they head hurts - when it come to wreck
Crews is like them dudes in red shirts off Star Trek
He Kirk, he Spock, he McCoy
Been b-boy, since you jerks first squeezed toys
Born to be the host with the most
When it's on it's on, Space Ho's Coast to Coast

You think I'm just gonna hand over my show to you, DOOM?
Have you lost your {fucking} mind?
Listen; I'm not gonna hand my show over to you
You know why? Because, it's my show
Mine, not yours - Space Ghost
It ain't "DOOM Coast to Coast"
Yeah, yeah sure, here are the keys to the show
Why don't you drive for a while?
Yeah America's cravin some DOOM, here you goTONK Wit Tha Gift, Gift, box full of light, light
Yung Shad, you killed this track

Can you hear me, Jesus?
I need to hear your voice again
Your rejoicement to my soul, it feeds it just like oxygen
Can you hear me, Father?
Can you please send me some signs?
I've been goin' through some things, there's been a lot on my mind
Can you hear me, Jesus?
I need to hear your voice again
And I will keep on praying, and I promise I'll be waitin' on you
Waitin' on you
God, I promise that I'm waitin' on you, you
I promise that I'm waitin' on you (I promise that I'm waitin')
On you (I promise that I'll wait for)
On you (I promise that I'll wait for, I promise that I'll wait for)
I'll be waiting on you, woah (I promise that I'll wait for you, I promise that I'll wait for you)
I promise I'll be waiting on you

Jesus, I know you hear me when I pray, so I'ma keep prayin'
Had to turn my back on the devil, I couldn't keep playin'
I'm tryna make it to Heaven, and I know I'ma make it
But I gotta watch out for my soul, Lucifer tryna take it
Snakes is creepin' in the grass, I got my lawnmower
Sometimes I'm ready to die and go to Heaven, the Lord know
I just want peace in my mind, body, and my soul
And in the end, I just wanna walk the streets of gold

Can you hear me, Jesus?
I need to hear your voice again
Your rejoicement to my soul, it feeds it just like oxygen
Can you hear me, Father?
Can you please send me some signs?
I've been goin' through some things, there's been a lot on my mind
Can you hear me, Jesus?
I need to hear your voice again
And I will keep on praying, and I promise I'll be waitin' on you
Waitin' on you
God, I promise that I'm waitin' on you, you
I promise that I'm waitin' on you (I promise that I'm waitin')
On you (I promise that I'll wait for)
On you (I promise that I'll wait for, I promise that I'll wait for)
I'll be waiting on you, woah (I promise that I'll wait for you, I promise that I'll wait for you)
I promise I'll be waiting on you

I don't write rhymes, I grab the pen and let my soul talk
Walkin' with Jesus, he saved my soul, this a soul walk
'Member when the only thing I used to do was sell drugs
Now my soul cryin' to the Lord, that's the real plug
Thuggin' and druggin' and stealin' cars is my history
Now my soul cryin' to the Lord, I got the victory
Was slippin' on razor blade alley, the alcohol river
Now I'm filled with the Holy Ghost and I make demons shiver

Can you hear me, Jesus?
I need to hear your voice again
Your rejoicement to my soul, it feeds it just like oxygen
Can you hear me, Father?
Can you please send me some signs?
I've been goin' through some things, there's been a lot on my mind
Can you hear me, Jesus?
I need to hear your voice again
And I will keep on praying, and I promise I'll be waitin' on you
Waitin' on you
God, I promise that I'm waitin' on you, you
I promise that I'm waitin' on you (I promise that I'm waitin')
On you (I promise that I'll wait for)
On you (I promise that I'll wait for, I promise that I'll wait for)
I'll be waiting on you, woah (I promise that I'll wait for you, I promise that I'll wait for you)
I promise I'll be waiting on you

They that wait on the Lord shall renew their strength
They shall mount up with wings as eagles
They shall run and not be weary
They shall walk and not faint
Lord, no matter what it take, no matter how long it take
I promise I'll be waiting for you, Jesus
I promise, Lord, no matter what it takeAll up in my back
All up in my back
All up in my back trying to take my track

Rose up from the bottom of the pump like a fleshlight
And all you weezy bumb bitches got your chest tight
Weak bitch you couldn't beat me with your best might
I'm burning rubbers on hoes with the condom over Left's eye
Hold up, I'm busy killing these bitches
If not that then I'm giving them stitches
I'm burning them down then I'm cutting these bitches
If they talk shit then I'm kicking they lips in
If you talk shit then I'm kicking your lips in
They drippin' with blood, till they’re literally spittin'
I'm all in your face, I've got something to spit in
Hold up, wait - time for recollection
If rap is crucified, bitch I'm the resurrection
The best kept secret - You is indiscretion
I'm here to fucking teach em', you the fucking lesson
You and me a wild fire to a matchstick
I'm a fucking problem, you don't wanna add this
Hold up - You don't wanna add this
Better yet go learn your shoes and your bags bitch

Every time I hear that part for the rest of my life
I'm gonna die of laughter
Oh wait, wait, I was the first person to hear "Succubi"
Oh whatever the fuck you called that weak ass diss to Jim Jones
You know when you had bitches up in your hood trying find dirt on you
Or like the time you were the studio with Missy Elliott
And she was scared to be in the studio with you, remember

Bitch I'm from the 313
Whip the fuckin' meat cleaver out like who want beef
Fuck you gonna do with this Diplo flow
Dissed you on own your shit, you should dip low ho
Wait, I want you bitches so scared that your mental break
So you forever be broke with expensive taste
I bet you won't leap, ol' frog ass bitch
Pussy ass Courage the Cowardly Dog ass bitch
Hold up

Or like when you were texting me about Kreayshawn, remember
"Let's steal her fans, we're not really friends with this bitch"
And I was like, oh ok, we're all good
Bitch, I got ammo on you
Bitch, you don't want war
But we're just gonna tell what happened when we were together

I was in the City, chillin' with a bum bitch
Who was on Twitter, talkin' like she run shit
You was in my text, looking for some pity, bitch
"I'm at the bar alone on some Sex in the City shit
My boyfriend left me, my heart finna' break"
Bitch, you be fucking niggas on they oxygen tank
Shit, I be making moves, bitch, plotting my fate
Looking at you wack hoes like who's spot should I take
Wait, Rocawear, Rainbow, now you're on your Wang shit
Rapunzel gon' be missing like her edges and her bangs is
Really, I was hoping you would clap first
But either way I'mma gonna give you that work
I'm the one everybody say you can't be
You know it too, cause I'm the only one you ain't tweet
Nappy-headed Chia pet, ghetto fucking Easter Bunny
Eat up every track, Esta Noche - Munchi

I'm like genuinely laughing on this shit
That's why she doesn't really talk much
Cause like I just want you to have the balls to respond to me, bitch
Don't tell me when you're going to London for a month
Don't say, oh, you're so
Wait, wait, wait, wait, I see you hung out with Paul Epworth
Did he play you the track that I ripped
Did he play your style that I stole, bitch
Give me the beat, let me work that bass
He played that for me, I didn't like it
Bitch put an album out
I think my album's more done than yours
And I just started a week ago
You out here sleeping on studio floors
Wasting money on Digi-videos and Photoshop
Stop it, bitchGive me, give me, give me the juice
Give me, give me, give me, give me the juice

Another day in the life, no time for play, I'm tryin' to cake
High stakes, survival increasing my fire rate
Eyes dilated, aim my sight, fly straight
If I ever want my record to see the light of day
I'mma find a way, weight of the world, need a lift
If he carry bags I know he gon' need a tip
You're free to give my man, but I don't need a disk
With a grip of tracks, it's really nothing for me to skip
We the creed of a better breed and you'll never read us
Since you never see us and that's, if and you ever see us
My nemesis, while you're bein' an Ebenezer
I’ll be seein' sights, sipping on something with señoritas
Pro-political peace, let them breathe
Whether Palestinian, Israeli or Lebanese
Behold the horse I'm pale as I'll ever be
Trying to catch sun while I'm sailing the seven seas
I float my friends, scuttle my enemies
And we constantly in the struggle for energy
I rock steadily in the spot, ready or not
Pushin' my pronouns for plenty penny a pop - Ha!
I'm getting guap my man I got plans
To cop land away and lay in the hot sand
I know the ledge and I'm playin' my Roxanne
Another dollar another day in a rock band
That's juice!

Give me, give me, give me the juice

Crawling out of a casket, awoke from madness
I've been in the middy and feeding off the sadness
If any an enemy come in rattling as if
He ready for Armageddon, I wet them and that's it
I've been in the back bitch, playing the sidekick
Surprised they realize the size of my dick
They blog and criticize the lines of my shit
Straddle a boner, I ain't a loner, you ride dick
Better get them a stretcher and oxygen mask
Socks and gym bags, box of Slim Fast
I lose dead weight, got a lot to get past
For all that hate, I'm about to get cash
I ain't got a chain yet, you're hearing the same vet
Could say that I'm lucky I made it out of a train wreck
Want me to speed it up motherfucker? It ain't Tech
It's Godemis, idiot, study up on on the name check
I zone in the canvas, I'm in the paint, they ain't ready
I spray Seven and ate them alive, the aim's steady
It's like me and Jason using the same 'chete
So 'Raw' I'm 'Delirious' nigga it ain't Eddie
It don't matter I don't chatter at all at y'all
The new data is out of an old catalog
The instinct is that of an old, rabid dog
Who might have been good on that day, when he had it all
That's juice

Give me, give me, give me the juice

Wakin' 'em up, shakin' the fuck
Out of Pagans that are matin', fornicatin' with hate and sick lust
Eating bloody steak and bacon with Satan
They can abruptly be taken by Yates
And I'm placin' this blade in his guts
Invasion of us slegna, raisin' a cup, here's to
Layin' the blade to they who bathin' in blood Bedla
Might behead ya, psyches dead for life, he bled
But Iké said to knife these Negras!
Bright been away for the night, I'm a sinner
Hey my inner light went astray, see the fright
I generate, I innovate in a fight I'mma incinerate
A mic, men obey, when I write they disintegrate
It's over, soul of a soldier
Chose to be cold and overload you with vulgar
S'posed to be old but the flows getting bolder
And hoes lose they clothes never holding they composure
That's juice... bitch

Give me, give me, give me the juiceGet your dose of oxytocin
Take this hit to show emotion
Feel it like you've never felt before
In the dark and in the open
You're not one who knows devotion
Feel it like you've never felt before

So apart when we're together
From the heart of your forever
From the start I knew you better
But I fell for you and I feel for you
When it's night and the only
Lights are the ones we know
Past scars like a knife and it cuts
Right through your lung
Found a tab on my touch and
It ends up on your tongue
What I want from you
Is you to want me too

Get your dose of oxytocin
Take this hit to show emotion
Feel it like you've never felt before
In the dark and in the open
You're not one who knows devotion
Feel it like you've never felt before

I don't like my own hands touchin' anymore
For a moment I think it's you and then I want more
In the morning I still roll over to kiss you on the forehead
I've never been more dead
I didn't mean to force it
Everything that's supposed to be bad makes me feel so good
I know its time to go and I coulda shoulda would
But my little druggy baby your touch is what can save me
So love me like my lady and I'll hold you while I'm singing

Get your dose of oxytocin
Take this hit to show emotion
Feel it like you've never felt beforeBink! The Humble Monster
I just hope this encourages people who love each other (You know it's so, oh-ooh)
To make it right
Hitmaka
It's not too late (It's not)

It's not too late to try
It's not too late for you (You)
Don't make me have to choose
Don't make me have to choose (Choose)
It's not too late to try (Try)
It's not too late for you (You)
Don't make me have to choose
Don't make me have to choose (Choose)

Oh (Yeah)
Like I know your name, girl, I'm in your favor (Yeah)
Oh (Yeah)
I can't turn time back so it's now or never (Yeah), woo
I can't complain (Hey), my love won't fade (Fade)
It's not what you say (Yeah), just look what you do

Real love don't fade, real friends don't shade
Real niggas do real things, things I won't trade
For nothing in this world, two boys and this girl
Who I love like I made her, no above, nothing greater
Than family, so I thought they'd love that we made up
But the oxymoron is expectin' love from a hater
It's a lose-lose, a hurt woman and a damaged dude
I guess it's true, nobody wins when the family feuds
So it's us verse them like you my spade partner
These the cards I was dealt, could've played smarter
But the game's startin' to make you feel like you don't know
If you should've came harder, or stepped back, James Harden
Yeah, it could've went left but that wouldn't have been right
Didn't want you to leave (Want you to leave), understood that you might
Too many people in our business that we didn't invite
They all saints when they speak on someone else's sin, right? (Right?)

It's not too late to try
It's not too late for you (You)
Don't make me have to choose
Don't make me have to choose (Choose)
It's not too late to try (Try)
It's not too late for you (You)
Don't make me have to choose
Don't make me have to choose (Choose)

To me, a man's role in life is to sacrifice on all levels, you know?
To make sacrifices for himself and his family
That prevents everyone from being vulnerable and in need
Thanks to the main men in my life, I know how to not be either of the two
Make moments to cherish forever with the ones you love
Before it's too late

They say better late than never, I say never late is better
'Cause for you they might be patient, but they never wait forever (Wait forever)
Time heals all wounds, but there's still the scars
And when a rapper go through it you get the realest bars
Pain in your heart, turn that pain into art
Try to shed some light on it, don't just paint in the dark
When did it all start? (All start)
You know, the disrespect, when did it fall apart?
You know, the disconnect, who knows?
But you learn from your mistake so keep on making 'em
If you're not careful with their hearts, you keep on breaking 'em
I'm from the era where father figures, we never had
But somehow not havin' dads made us better dads
We saw abuse in the household more than the love
Verbal, emotional, physical, all the above
Broke up our family structures with prison and drugs
But it's time for us to break that tradition, because

It's not too late to try
It's not too late for you (You)
Don't make me have to choose
Don't make me have to choose (Choose)
It's not too late to try (Try)
It's not too late for you (You)
Don't make me have to choose
Don't make me have to choose (Choose)

Family means life (Life)
I just wanna thank them, without them
I don't know what I would do, I'm so glad that they're my family
And I'm glad that I have my mom and my dad to be by my side
(To be by my side)
'Cause I have great parents, great grandparents, great siblings and I love them all (And I love them all)
I love them so much (I love them so much)
Family is first (Family is first)
This is Johan, I gotta go now
Got anything to say, Jonas? (Got anything to say, Jonas?)
Papi, I love you (Papi, I love you)Yeah, uhm
(Mumbles)
Oh-oh

She want a title, I'm in denial
Don't need a rifle, everyone suicidal
I'ma burn a bridge, I feel like a pyro
I'ma say my prayers, I'll be hell bound tomorrow
I'm in my sorrow, oxy-my-codone
Does someone have a heart that I can borrow?
Tearing me apart
Does someone have a heart that I can borrow?
Borrow, oh

Time after time, they let me drown in my sorrow
I run through the night, I only wish for tomorrow
Love, love, love, got me walking in circles
Something isn't right
I'm living a lie
Ain't no you and I
Walking in circles
Something isn't right

She want a title, I'm in denial
Don't need a rifle, everyone suicidal
I'ma burn a bridge, I feel like a pyro
I'ma say my prayers, I'll be hell bound tomorrow
I'm in my sorrow, oxy-my-codone
Does someone have a heart that I can borrow?
Tearing me apart
Does someone have a heart that I can borrow?
Borrow, borrow

It's crazy how I feel, right?
I wonder if this real life
Will I see tomorrow, tomorrow?Bitch, I'm...
Bitch, I'ma ball and dunk on whoever
Bitch, I'm, bitch, I'ma ball and...
Bitch, I'ma ball and dunk on whoever
I feel just like Russell Westbrook
Bitch, I'ma ball and dunk on whoever
I feel just like Russell Westbrook
Bitch, I'm a dog, I turn to a werewolf
Got Siri fuckin' Alexa
Me and my dawgs pull up in a Tesla
I'ma bust down the Perpetual
Look at it too hard, it's gon' bust your retina
With diamonds that's covered like eczema
Me and my dawgs don't fuck with the rest of 'em
Don't fuck with the rest of 'em
Me and my dawgs don't fuck with the rest of 'em
We treat 'em like veterinarians
Me and my dawgs pull up in a Tesla
I'ma bust down the Perpetual
Look at it too hard, it's gon' bust your retina
With diamonds that's covered like eczema
Me and my dawgs don't fuck with the rest of 'em
We treat 'em like veterinarians
Me and my dawgs, we come to your area
We gon' go hard just like DMX and them (Ruff)

Fresh out the pad, boy, bitch, I'm a hot boy
Red ass dot, boy, duh-duh-duh-dot boy
Shoot every spot, boy, back, chest, top, boy
Shoot out like cowboys, Dak Prescott, boy
Percs get popped, boy, yes I'm a hostage
Xanny get popped too, that's for my conscience
Addy get popped too, now I'm a zombie
Muscle relaxant, that's for my posture
I'ma do acid, now I'm obnoxious
Sip cotton candy, pop Oxycontin
Hold you for ransom, now you the hostage
Call up your family, give 'em the options
Tell 'em to cash it, put 'em in boxes
Do not deal with 12 'cause you dealin' with monsters
If everything fail, then we killin' your mama
We all go to Hell but right now we on fire
I'm talkin' that shit, yeah
And I'm walkin' that shit like a dog in this bitch
That's your dawg, he a bitch, yeah
He was barkin' and shit, now he eatin' his words
Tell him gargle and spit, don't be startin' no shit
When you start up in this, put your heart in my fist
Squeeze your heat 'til it squish, then I wash and not rinse
Give your daughter a kiss, then we slaughter that bitch

Bitch, I'ma ball and dunk on whoever
Bitch, I'm, bitch, I'ma ball and...
Bitch, I'ma ball and dunk on whoever
I feel just like Russell Westbrook
Bitch, I'ma ball and dunk on whoever
I, I feel just like Russell Westbrook
Bitch, I'm a dog, I turn to a werewolf
Got Siri fuckin' Alexa
Me and my dawgs pull up in a Tesla
I, I'ma bust down the Perpetual
Look at it too hard, it's gon' bust your retina
With diamonds that's covered like eczema
Me and my dawgs don't fuck with the rest of 'em
Me and my dawgs don't...
Me and my dawgs don't fuck with the rest of 'em
We treat 'em like veterinarians
Me and my dawgs pull up in a Tesla
I'ma bust down the Perpetual
Look at it too hard, it's gon' bust your retina
With diamonds that's covered like eczema
Me and my dawgs don't fuck with the rest of 'em
We treat 'em like veterinarians
Me and my dawgs, we come to your area
We gon' go hard just like DMX and them (Ruff)

Woah
All my dawgs gon' slide, yeah
Bust up in your home, yeah
Home sweet homicide, yeah
All my dawgs is wild niggas, saw your dawg goodbye, yeah
Pet Sematary, I got all your dawgs inside, yeah
Yeah, y'all done lost your mind, yeah
And all my stars aligned, yeah
So all my dawgs gon' shine, yeah
All my dawgs is slimes, yeah
It's war like Vietnam, yeah
Throw that dog a bone, wait...
That might be a bomb, damn

Bitch, I'ma ball and dunk on whoever
Bitch, I'm, bitch, I'ma ball and...
Bitch, I'ma ball and dunk on whoever
I feel just like Russell Westbrook
Bitch, I'ma ball and dunk on whoever
I, I feel just like Russell Westbrook
Bitch, I'm a dog, I turn to a werewolf
Got Siri fuckin' Alexa
Me and my dawgs pull up in a Tesla
I, I'ma bust down the Perpetual
Look at it too hard, it's gon' bust your retina
With diamonds that's covered like eczema
Me and my dawgs don't fuck with the rest of 'em
Me and my dawgs don't...
Me and my dawgs don't fuck with the rest of 'em
We treat 'em like veterinarians
Me and my dawgs pull up in a Tesla
I'ma bust down the Perpetual
Look at it too hard, it's gon' bust your retina
With diamonds that's covered like eczema
Me and my dawgs don't fuck with the rest of 'em
We treat 'em like veterinarians
Me and my dawgs, we come to your area
We gon' go hard just like DMX and them (Ruff)Yellin' at my mother like, "I know you hear me"
Get a little closer, repeat
Bus driver pass me up, don't see me
Paramedics talk about what he need
He need his oxygen
They seem incompetent, I see the consequence
I walk when I can't hear them, they're inaudible
I got up like I gotta go, forensics search for follicle
I promise y'all I'm not a ghost, I promise y'all
Look, there's heaven all around me, there's heaven all around me
There's heaven all around me, there's heaven all around

No, I can't feel your pain, but I can see the stars
No, I ain't leave in vain, but I know we with God
There's heaven all around me, there's heaven all around me
There's heaven all around me, there's heaven all around
No, I can't feel your pain, but I can see the stars
No, I ain't leave in vain, but I know we with God
There's heaven all around me, there's heaven all around me
There's heaven all around me, there's heaven

Yellin' at my brothers like, "I know that I'm here"
Regardless of how loud, they don't hear
Walkin' through the crowd, they shed tears
I know I did not disappear
Uphill I'm battlin', I see the cameraman
I see the news station's truck parked outside
It's every channel here
Yeah, interview, interview, interview, cut
Someone just bled out because they got (Cut!)
Chalk outline look like the shape of my shadow
Hand go right through the wall if I try to touch
There's heaven all around me, there's heaven all around me
There's heaven all around me, there's heaven, heaven, heaven

No, I can't feel your pain, but I can see the stars
No, I ain't leave in vain, but I know we with God
There's heaven all around me, there's heaven all around me
There's heaven all around me, there's heaven all around
No, I can't feel your pain, but I can see the stars
No, I ain't leave in vain, but I know we with God
There's heaven all around me, there's heaven all around me
There's heaven all around me, there's heaven

Do do, do do, do do, do do, do do, do do
Do do, do do, do do, do do, do do, do do
Do do, do do, do do, do do, do do, do do
Do do, do do, do do, do do, do do, do doSo someone said to me the other day I've got a lisp
A stranger, you know, they said I've got a subtle lisp
And I should know I sound a little stupid doing spoken word
When all my words with "S" in them are spoken so absurd
And I'm not upset, okay it just sucks
To think you're speaking normally for two decades
And then shucks—
Find out your stuff sounds like a stanza of Severus Snape's toughest parseltongue is pronounced by Daffy Duck
So I will say this:
My subtle lisp is not sinful
I'm not sorry Saturday, I'm not sorry Sunday;
I'm spiritual and when I speak
I celebrate the Sabbath seven days a week
I've got special S sauce smothered on my skull walls like a tossed salad so silkscreen the Sistine ceiling on my soft pallet
I sing along with super scenesters
Reciting Sufjan Stevens songs in skinny jeans
Dance salsa with soccer moms
Sneaking out in skimpy see-through sarongs
I will answer your questions in stout
With my sexy subtly lisping sparkling incisor small
What's my surname? Watsky
What's my size? Stocky
My city? San Francisco
It's so sweet, now slow
See, I've heard some steamy stories of oral sex
But I'm not stretching to say one time
I made a lady climax by speaking an essay section
Of a Shakespeare sonnet in her split legs' general direction
I scribble all S-Essays I shred them and sprinkle the whole S-ashes
My speech doesn't give a spotted sea snail if it passes
I slipped past straight Fs to straight Ss in my classes
Because my speech stay second-semester senior status
Seriously so so so so soon
So sick sixth grade school kids call me sofa king
I'm on tongue steroids
Slammin' with the Sammie Sosa swing
So tight I sleep upright in a small cell in Sing Sing
And sail the seven seas on Steve Irwin's stingray
While your speedboat's sinking
It's still too soon
Anyway, screw an S.S.O.S
I'm straight S.S.S for Save Someone's Standards
Studied at Emerson; the school of savage speech
Sup, Stanford?
I spit sexier than Summer Sanders, Sarah Silverman
Susan Sarandon, Sissy Spacek, Sally Struthers, and Selena
Spooning in a 6-way same-sex all S celebrity civil union
So, you can slander the gay lisp
And I will slip you a solid list of friends
Or 60% of Emerson; who
Lisp or no lisp, will stomp, spit, stay pissed
And start all over on the racists
You can save the South Korean stereotypes
The Sambo shtick
The sexist shit is sickening
And if you suppose your speech is normal
Its 'cause your impediment is listening
Speak for those of us with something special
Something that sets us aside from my—
Accent havers, my... stammerers
My southerners, my st-st-stutterers
Yes, I will spit it sick and stick to never skipping "S"
'Cause I was—
Suckin' on a soup spoon and I suckled it to sterling silver
Simple, supple, super soaker
Staying watching Sister Sister
Scenage syllables coming esophagus
Move up there this place is
Sufferin' succotash
Second place isolate oxygen
There's no stopping this
I start this step of speaking
You should see that I will not desist
I'm sorry!
CUSPI, if you don't like a subtle lisp
Then you can simply suck on thissssssssKnowledge will begin until I finish this song
'Cause the rhyme gets rougher as the rhyme goes on
You sweat as you step, about to get hype
Or should you just listen to the man on the mic
You're physically in this with me but how could you tell
If it's meant to be hip-hop if you're not mentally as well
Ready to absorb the rhyme that I just poured
Into the mic, so unite and this won't be so bored
If you just keep kickin' listen - to the mix
And think you'll sink into the rhyme like quicksand
Holds and controls you 'til I leave
You fall deeper in the style - it's hard to breathe
The only time I stop is when somebody drop and then
Bring 'em to the front 'cause my rhyme's the oxygen
Then wave your hand - when you're ready I'll send you
Into your favorite dance but let the rhyme continue
And so on and I'mma go on simultaneously
And even if I stop - the rhyme remains to be
Rising to the top - and I came to drop it
Catch it and quiz it - is my topic
Universual 'cause I move everybody to come
By exercising your mind you'll coincide as one
Then look around and see how packed the party starts to get
I draw a crowd - like an architect
The five borroughs react and all the islands attract
And every state can't wait - so they attack
Off a spot on the floor - squeeze in 'cause it's packed
It'll be more room if MCs play the back
I'm the R the A to the K-I-M
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am
The microphone fiend if I was a fake
Whoever said it's just buggin' off the rhymes I make
I had you biting your tongue for what I brung and recite
Sung it on stage some said it don't sound like
The voice on the record - I see what you mean
Because the system was wack, so I had to scream
So just - give me a mic if it's loud I'll blow it
If not - into the crowd I'll throw it
Pull out my cordless mic then entertain you well
Before I let go I'mma spark your brain cells
I took time to write - tonight I will recite
So poetically inclined when the mic is held tight
Rhymes start flowin', kisses are blowin'
MCs are knowin' that's why they're goin'
Home to tell a friend when the party ends
"Yo, man you know Rakim? That brother struck again"
'Cause mic by mic and stage by stage
Tape by tape and page by page
When the crowd is moving I compete with the mix
The rougher the cuts - the rougher the rhyme gets
Deeper and deeper - I hope you understand it
I made it up myself and I planned it
For other MCs who waste time
Writing jokes, riddles, and maybe a rhyme
I cross my arms and I was waiting - but I was hating
The rappers on the microphone was fronting - just faking
They wasn't breakin', which means I was achin'
To get up on the microphone and then start takin'
Control of the mic - uptight when I grabbed it
So hug the speaker - your ear's a magnet
Attracted to a freestyle put in effect
You listen to the man while you're sippin' Moet
So Eric, pick up the needle (yeah) put it in the middle (ahhight)
Give me a scratch, turn my mic up a little
I want you to hear this perfectly clear
Catch what I'm sayin'? You get the idea?
I hope you knowledge the beginning 'cause I'm finished, this song
The rhyme gets rougher as the rhyme flows on...There's antimony, arsenic, aluminum, selenium,
And hydrogen, and oxygen, and nitrogen, and rhenium
And nickel, neodymium, neptunium, germanium
And iron, americium, ruthenium, uranium
Europium, zirconium, lutetium, vanadium
And lanthanum, and osmium, and astatine, and radium
And gold, protactinium, and indium, and gallium,
And iodine, and thorium, and thulium, and thallium
There's yttrium, ytterbium, actinium, rubidium
And boron, gadolinium, niobium, iridium
And strontium, and silicon, and silver, and samarium
And bismuth, bromine, lithium, beryllium, and barium
There's holmium, and helium, and hafnium, and erbium
And phosphorus, and francium, and fluorine, and terbium
And manganese, and mercury, molybdenum, magnesium
Dysprosium, and scandium, and cerium, and cesium
And lead, praseodymium, and platinum, plutonium
Palladium, promethium, potassium, polonium
And tantalum, technetium, titanium, tellurium
And cadmium, and calcium, and chromium, and curium
There's sulfur, californium, and fermium, berkelium
And also mendelevium, einsteinium, and nobelium
And argon, krypton, neon, radon, xenon, zinc, and rhodium
And chlorine, carbon, cobalt, copper
Tungsten, tin, and sodium
These are the only ones of which the news has come to Harvard
And there may be many others but they haven't been discoveredHey yo, never let go of me (Yeah)
Hold tight; it's gonna get hard to breathe (Hold tight, baby)
I will never let you drown (Never)
Even if we're going down
Hey yo, never let go of me (It's Travie)
When I'm sinkin'

Let's go!
Loose lips sink ships, that's what someone told me
But this boat will stay afloat for as long as you hold me
We been through rough water, anytime it was tougher
But the fact I came back to remind you I love ya
And if that's not enough, well I can one up ya
I pinky promise, touch thumbs, I'll never make you suffer
And all I ask in return is some reciprocation
I'll be your oxygen when you're running out of patience
So take a deep breath, and hold it tight
My heart is yours, just reassure me that you'll hold it right
Don't be offended, I'm just the cautious type
To always be around and hold you down and never under, like

Hey yo, never let go of me (Ha, never let go)
Hold tight; it's gonna get hard to breathe (Hold tight, baby, hold tight)
And I will never let you drown (Never)
Even if we're going down (Going down)
Hey yo, never let go of me (Yeah, yeah, yeah, let's go)
When I'm sinkin'
Oh-oh-oh-oh (I said oh), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh (I said oh)
Oh-oh-oh-oh (I said oh), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

This is my message in a bottle, I hope that you receive it
If it washes up at your feet then open it and read it
To whom it may concern, insert your name here
It's destiny that we were both born in the same year
Three months apart, but on the same sphere
Staring at the sun, inhaling the same air
This type of love we got, they'll never get it
I'll be the Leo DiCaprio to your Kate Winslet
Sometimes I panic, but I never take it for granted
I'll hold you 'til my lips turn blue like Jack in Titanic
And if I lose my grip, then just promise me this
You'll keep my love in a locket and always rock it, like

Hey yo, never let go of me (Never let go, never let go)
Hold tight, it's gonna get hard to breathe (Hold tight, mama, hold tight)
And I will never let you drown (Nah)
Even if we're going down (Going down)
Hey yo, never let go of me (Yeah, yeah, yeah, Like)
When I'm sinkin'
Oh-oh-oh-oh (I said oh), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh (I said oh)
Oh-oh-oh-oh (I said oh), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
(Come on)

There's times where like... we find it hard to hold on to something
That was never meant to be held onto (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
But you let it go (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
If it comes back, it was meant to be (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
If not, just let it be (Oh-oh-oh-oh)

Hey yo, never let go of me (Never let go, never let go)
Hold tight, it's gonna get hard to breathe (Hold tight, mama, hold tight)
I will never let you drown (Nah)
Even if we're going down (Going down)
Hey yo, never let go of me (Yeah, yeah, yeah, Like)
When I'm sinkin'
Oh-oh-oh-oh (I said oh), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh (I said oh)
Oh-oh-oh-oh (I said oh), oh-oh-oh-oh-ohDear God, I'm trying hard to reach you
Dear God, I see your face in all I do
Sometimes, it's so hard to believe in
But God, I know you have your reasons

Uh-huh, they said he's busy, hold the line please
Call me crazy, I thought maybe he could mind read
Who does the blind lead? Show me a sign please
If everything is made in China, are we Chinese?
And why do haters separate us like we siamese?
Technology turning the planet into zombies
Everybody all in everybody's dirty laundry
Acid rain, earthquakes, hurricane, tsunamis
Terrorists, crime sprees, assaults and robberies
Cops yelling "Stop freeze," shoot him 'fore he try to leave
Air quality so foul, I gotta try to breathe
Endangered species and we running out of trees
If I could hold the world in the palm of these hands
I would probably do away with these anomalies
Everybody checking for the new award nominees
Wars and atrocities, look at all the poverty
Ignoring the prophecies, more beef than broccoli
Corporate monopoly, weak world economy
Stock market toppling, mad marijuana
OxyContin and Klonopin, everybody out of it

Well I've been thinking about
And I've been breaking it down
Without an answer
I know I'm thinking out loud
But if your love's still around
Why do we suffer? Why do we suffer?

Uh-huh, yeah, it's still me, one of your biggest fans
I get off work, right back to work again
I probably need to go ahead and have my head exam
Look how they got me on the Def Jam payment plan
Well, I'm in the world of entertainment and
Tryna keep a singing man sane for the paying fans
If I don't make it through the night, slight change of plans
Harp strings, angel wings and praying hands
Lord, forgive me for my shortcomings
For going on tour and ignoring the court summons
All I'm tryna do is live life to the fullest
They sent my daddy to you in a barrage of bullets
Why is the world ugly when you made it in your image?
And why is living life such a fight to the finish?
For this high percentage, when the sky's the limit
A second is a minute, every hour's infinite

Dear God, I'm trying hard to reach you
Dear God, I see your face in all I do
Sometimes, it's so hard to believe inLost my shape, trying to act casual
Can't stop, I might end up in the hospital
Changing my shape, I feel like an accident
They're back to explain their experience

Isn't it weird? Looks too obscure to me
Wasting away, that was the policy

I'm ready to leave, I push the fact in front of me
Facts lost, facts are never what they seem to be
There's nothing there, no information left of any kind
Lifting my head, lo-lo-looking for danger signs

There was a line, there was a formula
Sharp as a knife, facts cut a hole in us
There was a line, there was a formula
Sharp as a knife, facts cut a hole in us

I'm still waiting
I-I-I'm still waiting
I'm still waiting
I-I-I'm still waiting
I'm still waiting
I-I-I'm still waiting
I'm still waiting
I-I-I'm still waiting

The feeling returns whenever we close our eyes
Lifting my head, looking around inside

The island of doubt, it's like a taste of medicine
Working by hindsight, got the message from the oxygen
M-m-making a list, find the cost of opportunity
Doing it right, facts are useful in emergencies

The feeling returns, whenever we close our eyes
Lifting my head, looking around inside

Facts are simple and facts are straight
Facts aren't lazy and facts aren't lame
Facts don't come with points of view
Facts don't do what I want them to
Facts just twist the truth around
Facts are living turned inside out
Facts are getting the best of them
Facts are nothing on the face of men

I'm still waiting
I-I-I'm still waiting
I'm still waiting
I-I-I'm still waiting
I'm still waiting
I-I-I'm still waiting
I'm still waiting
I-I-I'm still waitingWhat a shame we all became
Such fragile, broken things
A memory remains, just a tiny spark
I give it all my oxygen
To let the flames begin
So let the flames begin
Oh, glory, oh, glory

This is how we’ll dance when
When they try to take us down
This is what we’ll be, oh, glory

Somewhere, weakness is our strength
And I'll die searching for it
I can't let myself regret such selfishness
My pain and all the trouble caused
No matter how long
I believe that there's hope buried beneath it all and
Hiding beneath it all and
Growing beneath it all and

This is how we'll dance when
When they try to take us down
This is how we'll sing, oh
This is how we'll stand when
When they burn our houses down
This is what we'll be, oh, glory

Reaching as I sink down into light (into light)
Reaching as I sink down into light (into light)

This is how we dance when
When they try to take us down
This is how we'll sing, oh
This is how we'll stand when
When they burn our houses down
This is what we'll be, oh, gloryGoing to take off all my skin
Tear apart all of my insides
When they rifle in
Mom and Dad think you'll be saved
They never had the time
They're going to medicate your lives
You were always born a crime
We salute you in your grave

Can't find my way home, but it's through you and I know
What I'd do just to get back in her arms
Can't find my way home, but it's through you and I know
What I'd do just to get back in her arms

(Well, my gun fires seven different shades of shit
So what's your favorite color, punk?)

Do you want to hold my hand?
Could you sign this photograph
Because I'm your biggest fan
Would you leave me lying here?
We're not here to pay a compliment or sing about the government
Oxycontin genocide, adolescent suicide
I'll give you my sincerity, don't give a fuck about a Kennedy
Here's what I've got to say

Can't find my way home, but it's through you and I know
What I'd do just to get back in her arms
Can't find my way home, but it's through you and I know
What I'd do just to get back in her arms

No way home why
No way home why
(We've got to go, we've got to go, we've got to go)
No way home why
(We've got to go, we've got to go, we've got to go)
No way home why
(We've got to go)
Go!

Can't find my way home, but it's through you and I know
What I'd do just to get back in her arms
Can't find my way home, but it's through you and I know
What I'd do just to get back in her arms

I can't find the way, I can't find the way
I can't find the way-yay-yay-yay-yay
I can't find the way, I can't find the way
I can't find the way-yay-yay-yay-yay

Come on angel, don't you cry
Come on angel, don't you cry
Come on angel, don't you cry
Come on angel, don't you cryStupid Step-Father, I'm wonderin' is you stupid?
Facial expression vacant, get puzzled as if a doofus
Bad news truly, nose up her ass often
Socially a misfit, my dick you should get off it
4 63's, clickin' 9s, droppin' dimes off it
Bottom line a revolver, problem of mine solver
Dodgin' a crime, while in the blind of a flyin' saucer
Unidentified object, and dead of the night walkin'
Dawg barkin I'm sparkin, hard to talk from a coffin
When Tharson go to war couldn't call it off if I called him
Needle into my skin no pretendin' be somewhat therapeutic
While in my lair in the air performin' aerial movement
Thoughts linger, distinctively as if parachuting
Whisper police and be quickly seen by a pair of shooters
Stare or prove it, arousin' theories that I'm hard to kill
Oxygen the toxin' while watchin' shawty contortion' it

I could dap you with the right hand
And then bat you with the left hand
A lot of niggas pussy they been comin' at me left hand
On the stove over the pot
I'm droppin' soda with the right hand
Butterknife and scrape the Pyrex cookin'
White tan, oh ohhh ohh
White tan, oh oh
Yo oh oh
White tan oh oh

Shit, I got to feelin' myself
I forgot where I come in
Hold on
Hold up
Let me see

It go bloom bloom blocka, salute troops proper
Pigs inquisitive ya listenin' better not be Sinatra
Ya better resemble Gotti
Embodyin' Luca Brasi
In the lobby with the try-me
Ya women wish they could try it out
Creep into the Cliqo, not humble who gon' stick by me now?
While he down, devisin' a plot, wish they could tie me down?
I be round, Mafia Mechanisms and all sorts
All ports, circlin' the globe thuggin' the raw sport
Raw Report Magazine reader, pull up in raw form
All corn, state of athleticism in y'all dorm
What I meant by sippin' drank the color we all knowin'
With that shit the same color as a airport

I could dap you with the right hand
And then bat you with the left hand
A lot of niggas pussy they been comin' at me left hand
On the stove over the pot
I'm droppin' soda with the right hand
Butterknife and scrape the Pyrex cookin'
White tan, oh ohhh ohh
White tan, oh oh
Yo oh oh
White tan oh ohSupa, aha

Two-door, double R, ridin' in the foreign car, niggas can't see me
If I pop another X pill, I'll be out my misery
Crazy presi' beze' on the motherfuckin' Rollie
You roll, you should pour, I fuck around and roll
I'm gon' slam the door, slam the door, slam the door, slam the door
Slam the door on the Aventador
Let it up, let it up, let it up, let it up, now it look like cockroach
Hop out with a Patek on my wrist and keep the .44
Hopscotching the thot, thot, I'ma fuck her at my mother spot

Steady chasin' the check, turned the bank into a nest
Cuban link 'round my neck takin' a bird bath
Cartier bracelet got pointers and the Audemar to match
If they talking 'bout my game, they speakin' all cash
New Bent, paper tag, I can see they envy and mad
I done fucked around and got in my bag (my bag)
I done stayed down and got me a bag (bag)
No calculators still doin' math
Gotta add up and tear me a tag
Rockstar, showing up with them bands
I just jumped off a jet to a sprinter (yeah, yeah)
I got Brazillians makin' me dinner
Took a loss and it made me a winner
Wearin' Monclear, it ain't even winter
And the wind got the clouds in the ceiling
Add the money up, subtract the feeling
They say, "Slatt," when we walk in the building
I can't save her if she going with the fishes
Copped a new gun to switch up my mission
Slime shit, I ran up the digits, count it with no intermission
Her best friend done gave me the dishin'
I mixed up the sherbet and cookie (yeah)
Off the top, roll with a groupie, have a menage when I land, ah
Today I did Dior and Gucci, my Off-White was lookin’ like dandruff
Three white bitches, I'm a clansmen, Kendra, Khloe and Karan
Came out the gutter, I made it, yeah, Wall Street money like Madoff
Yeah, ahah, all that hatin' ain't phase us
Laugh to bank like faizon, still ain't takin' no days off

Two-door, double R, ridin' in the foreign car, niggas can't see me
If I pop another X pill, I'll be out my misery
Crazy presi' beze' on the motherfuckin' Rollie
You roll, you should pour, I fuck around and roll
I'm gon' slide it up, slide it up, slide it up, slide it up
Slide the door up on the Aventador
Let it up, let it up, let it up, let it up, now it look like cockroach
Hop out with a Patek on my wrist that keep the .44
Hopscotchin' the thot, thot, I'ma fuck her at my mother spot

Oxycotin she feel it in her test tubes
Money, money, callin in, I'ma answer my phone like, what it do
I, keep a quarter pound or two
Big Ballencies, yeah, that's what the money do
Yeah, she swear to God that she love me
I was just pourin' out the bubbly
I was fillin' up drinks with this muddy
Draco with me, it ain't about my money
Dr. Dre, Eminem, we go and get them M&M's
My house a exhibit, it's dim, I was rockin' some Off-White like Timbs
Let's go!

Two-door, double R, ridin' in the foreign car, niggas can't see me
If I pop another X pill, I'll be out my misery
Crazy presi' beze' on the motherfuckin' Rollie
You roll, you should pour, I fuck around and roll
I'm gon' slide it up, slide it up, slide it up, slide it up
Slide the door up on the Aventador
Let it up, let it up, let it up, let it up, now it look like cockroach
Hop out with a Patek on my wrist that keep the .44
Hopscotchin' the thot, thot, I'ma fuck her at my mother spot

Two-door, double R, ridin' in the foreign car, niggas can't see me
Woah, woah, woah, woah, woah, woah, woah
Crazy presi' beze' on the motherfuckin' Rollie
Woah, woah, woah, woah, woah, woah, woah
I'm on slide it up, slide it up, slide it up, slide it up
Slide the door up on the Aventador
Hop out with a Patek on my wrist that keep the .44
Woah, woah, woah, woah, woah, woah, wishDear Ex Lover,
I promise I’ll stop chasing your memory in my dreams.
I’ll stop bringing your
name up over cups of coffee, muffins, and loneliness.
I will marry a man
and I will lay my heart on his chest like red roses on Mahogany caskets
and
I’ll have his daughter and she’ll have eyes reminding me that God still believes
in second chances.
And if she ever decided to love a woman, I will rub bravery down her spine.
I will be reminded of all the times that we loved, like there were expiration dates tattooed on our inner thighs.
If she ever comes home with eyelids like cracking Levis and bruised kneecaps and a heart filled with question marks
I will hold her like my mother never held me.
I will clasp her face in my palms like the new testament on judgement day.
I’ll tell her that love is the passion that allows you to do the right thing,
and that no woman can play coaster to a half empty heart.
And if she ever feels as if she is alone,
as if she is a hand-me-down pulled out of the depths of mummy’s closet.
I’ll remember your name and I’ll mumble it under my breath and if she asks me what I said;
I’ll tell her I know what it’s like to drag a woman out of a cold war
and then being too worn to clean up the battlefield that it has made of you.
I’ll tell her that your heartbeat sounded like gun shells tripping over battered cement.
I’ll tell her that i know what it’s like just to want someone to remember you
and that some women are as foul as expired men in produce isles
and that apologies are like oxygen masks on a hijacked plane.
Forgive yourself before you ever forgive the person sitting next to you.
I’ll tell her to never regret loving in permanent ink,
and that scars only give you stretch marks,
something to gossip about
and that hearts and stop signs are fraternal twins,
lost in open roads and hollow chests.
And if my daughter’s mirror ever looks unfamiliar and she’s too embarrassed and prideful to run into mummy’s arms
I’ll pray, that she has friends with hearts filled with thousands of fire flies,
who are not too cool to pray with her,
who will tell her to stop looking for the light at the end of the tunnel and find God in the darkness.
If my daughter ever walks in my house like shattering glass,
I’ll tell her about you.
I’ll tell her that we hurt like c-sections birthing dead babies,
and that we cried together, and we prayed together, and we laughed
like our smiles were the only ones that mattered in this world.
And that we hurt like women who loved women, who loved people that did not love us.
Dear Ex Lover,I hope my daughter never knows what a goodbye kiss feels like…
I hope she never knows what “I’ll see you later.” really means.
I hope she never memorizes the dial-tone of a last conversation,
because a broken heart feels like poisoned butterflies taking their last flutters in the pit of your stomach
Dear Ex Lover, I hope my daughter never bears her soul at a poetry showcase with her first love sitting in the audience,
knowing that the hands she’ll use to applaud her with, will be the same hands that will never hold her again.Well, Cowboy Dan's a major player in the cowboy scene
He goes to the reservation, drinks and gets mean
And he's gonna start a war
He's gonna start a war
And he hops in his pickup, puts the pedal to the floor
And says, "I got mine but I want more"
Because Cowboy Dan's a major player in the cowboy scene
He goes to the reservation, drinks and gets mean
He goes to the desert, fires a rifle in the sky
And says, "God, if I have to die, you will have to die"
Because Cowboy Dan's a major player in the cowboy scene
He "didn't move to the city, the city moved to me
And I want out desperately"

Can't do it, not even if sober
Can't get that engine turned over
Can't do it, not even if sober
Can't get that engine turned over
No, no, not even if sober
Can't get that engine turned over

Standing in the tall grass
Thinking nothing
You know we need oxygen to breathe
Oxygen to breathe
Standing in the tall grass
Thinking nothing
You know we need oxygen to breathe
Oxygen to breathe
Everytime you think you're walking, you're just moving the ground
Everytime you think you're talking, you're just moving your mouth
Everytime you think you're looking, you're just looking down

Well, Cowboy Dan's a major player in the cowboy scene
He goes to the reservation, drinks and gets mean
And he hops in his pickup, puts the pedal to the floor
And says, "I got mine but I want more"
'Cause Cowboy Dan's a major player in the cowboy scene
He goes to the reservation, drinks and gets mean
Goes to the desert, fires a rifle in the sky
And says, "God, if I have to die, you will have to die"
Cowboy Dan's a major player in the cowboy scene
He goes to the reservation, drinks and gets mean
He "didn't move to the city, the city moved to me
And I want out desperately"

Can't do it, not even if sober
Can't get that engine turned over
Can't do it, not even if sober
Can't get that engine turned over
No, no, not even if sober
Can't get that engine turned over
Yeah, not even if sober
Can't get that engine turned overI live on oxygen, a bastard monkey boy
Do what the hell I like, I'm no celestial toy
Your goddess is bathed in gold while keeping us in line
We're killing each other for a woman in the sky

Ooooooh
I'm not made
I'm not made by design
How can you be
Can you be satisfied?
Ooooooh
I'm not made
I'm not made by design
How can you be
Can you be satisfied?

Oooooh
This kiss in the parking lot is turning me to stone
You take the sweetest thing then claim it as your own

Ooooooh
I'm not made
I'm not made by design
How can you be
Can you be satisfied?
Ooooooh
I'm not made
I'm not made by design
How can you be
Can you be satisfied?


You take the sweetest thing and claim it as your own

Ooooooh
I'm not made
I'm not made by design
How can you be
Can you be satisfied?
Ooooooh
I'm not made
I'm not made by design
How can you be
Can you be satisfied?To introduce to you a man who needs to no introduction
(Woah, Kenny)

Lacking, lagging, mind, I'm slacking
Send 'em packing, chip, I'm snacking
Eat my madame, she orgasms
Taste like Magnums, how it happens
I sip Brandy, not too handy
With the tool, but it's coolio
Been a lost boy like Rufio
And now we got dough, employ that ho
Runnin' these drawers, thought had two phones
Council home, now I own my home
No gas on, tell me, eskimo
If I had a handgun, I'd kill everyone (Yeah)
Some say a lot 'till it's said and done
'Till I put them to bed, you are not my son
 listen up, so I cough, cough
I'm a diamond in the rough, so I ruff, ruff
Understand, I ain't a man (Yeah)
Bitch, I'm a nautical threat
Flip it all night, turn it to sand (Brrt)
I got the world in my hand (Woo)
Drink from the cup, jump then I stamp (Blaow)
Teeth on the front and they count (Uh)
Fight 'till my hands get cramped (Uh)
Then I shoot your two friends (Uh)

Smash it, grab it
Magic, man, I'm snappin'
Ain't had shit, jacked it
Pussyboy, get packed in
Smash it, grab it
Magic, man, I'm snappin'
Ain't had shit, jacked it
Pussyboy, get packed in

Fuck up the vibe 'til someone die (Yeah)
Swear down, put that shit on my life
They say I blew up like I stood on the mine
Now I got a watch, no time
People watch face, get teary eyes
Proud as punch, my card gets declined
And this shit that I did for a piece of the pie
And they say I'm selfish, now the pie is all mine
Risin' shine, I'm a car in the sky
And your vibe too dry, need E-45
Me and mine didn't have no drive
And you see we're divine, you repute your swine
Tarzan ho, man, swingin' on the vine
No man can show, man, I tell him when I lie
And we all know this the part that's gotta die
Iceberg, my watch, man, your crew got sides
All in your neck, come for your set
Killin' your friend, you're the only one left
Dick gets erect, makin' you beg
Oxygen fleet for how I'm takin' your breath
Got a complex, addicted to sex
Open your mouth, baby girl, let me spit
Nut on her face while she rubbing her clit
Baby, how it taste when you swallow my dick?

Smash it, grab it
Magic, man, I'm snappin'
Ain't had shit, jacked it (Nah, nah, nah)
Pussyboy, get packed in (Nah, nah)
Smash it, grab it
Magic, man, I'm snappin'
Ain't had shit, jacked it
Pussyboy, get packed in (Nah, nah, nah, nah)

Smash it, grab it
(Nah, nah, nah, nah) I'm snappin'
(Nah, nah, nah, nah) Jacked it
Pussyboy, get packed in (Nah, nah)
Smash it, grab it
(Nah, nah, nah, nah) I'm snappin'
(Nah, nah, nah, nah) Jacked it
Get packed inTurn the beat up some more
Ay-yeah-yeah, anchors

Uh, rectangle full of color
Complicated man sits, dedicated to the rudder
Under Apollo, over feeling under as a swallow, and yet wallows
Instead he looks for Yetis in tomorrow
And do-gooders become regretters for giving garble
At the art show out in Park Slope
Broken dancers rather flatten cardboards than work at Arco
Flippers who feat feets riff contortionists hips and grease slippers
Tweezers release slivers
From lines with deep splinters, paws for sweet skippers
Another key-figure's of East River's who eat liver and drink liquor
And root for Bird due to an unconscious urge to beat niggas
Who prefer sweet, steep sleep
And to pull hoes with the ease of police triggers
Sikhs at the hair show, Arabs at the airport
Caucasians in the projects, niggas anywhere though

People lovingly exclaim
People lovingly exclaim
People lovingly exclaim
People...

Beauty is the largest
Obstacle to obsess
Decorate the sergeant
Community resistance in progress

Pull out game strong like the Waco Kid
But also like a lifeguard, now that don't even make no sense
But since, if the swimmers ain't got no rings on
Don't be a fag, let me stab that Yoo-Hoo with my ding-dong
Fruits of interracials, my banana's bigger than King Kong
Both ways seem wrong like nobody in China is good at ping-pong
Seem wrong?
That's evidence they shouldn't be passing their genes on
That was racist, but I'ma run with it
Like every sagging pair of pants has to have a gun in it
So I undid it, like a Singapore with gum in it
Does that mean if I let you ride it, I can put my thumbs in it?
Uhn—nasty, but let the moment pass, only wave if they ask
And catch me at the scene of the crash, karma
They hate blood like Blade
So they hate cuz like an English teacher grades

Beauty is the largest
Obstacle to obsess
Diaspora and sonnets
Community resistance in progress

People lovingly exclaim
People lovingly exclaim
People lovingly exclaim
People...

The city: population control, occupation parole
Hope the swayed persuades and this conversation cajoles
Not to be Enron
Alexander Hamilton to Cassandra's Agamemnon
The environment is more than just a panda at the wind farm
Looks cool but it's bull as cool fusers
And the abuse is fueled of duel-losers
To make fools of the schools and pool Bueller's
The crusade to legislate oxygen
And put it in a box just like Desiree Washington
Fortune cookie, First Panda accelerated profit
And hope Santa fill my socks with highly-decorated moccasins
My, how the roles have reversed
So now we gotta eat 'em for dessert
Bop the kids just to free 'em from the curse
Dress up the thots in lingerie and feed 'em to Levert (uh-huh)

Beauty is the largest
Organize the objects
Diaspora and sonnets
Community resistance in progress

Diaspora and sonnets
Community resistance in progress
Woah—the people lovingly exclaim (people lovingly exclaim)
People lovingly exclaim (people lovingly exclaim)
People lovingly exclaim (people lovingly exclaim)
Community resistance in progress
Pe-pe-people lovingly exclaim (people lovingly exclaim)Define her abyss
Show it respect
Then a celestial nest
Will grow above

When I'm broken, I am whole
And when I'm whole, I'm broken

Our mother's philosophy
It feels like quicksand
And if she sinks
I'm going down with her

Locate her black lake
The steam from this pit
Will form a cloud
For her to live on

When she's broken, she is whole
And when she's whole, she's broken

Our mother's philosophy
It feels like quicksand
And if she sinks
I'm going down with her

Hackle this darkness
Up to the light
Where choreographed oxygen
Embroiders the air

When we're broken we are whole
And when we're whole we're broken

We are the siblings of the sun
Let's step into this beam
Every time you give up
You take away our future
And my continuity and my daughter's
And her daughters
And her daughters
And her daughtersYour head is on my pillow
I'm Thinking of where this could go
I'm slowing down the tempo
Your eyes so black they're like the universe to me
I think that what I'm trying to see
Is if you have enough to be
Every part, of everything
My fingertips are burning
Scratching and they're yearning
They wanna be at your place
Chalk outlining your face
Do you know how stars taste?
Well you'll find out one day
Maybe me, maybe not
Stick around, you'll learn alot
Let's go over under
Let's go where I wonder
If we'll ever come back
And if your mind can trace that
You'll find that I'm in you
And you're inside me too
Sending busy signals
Interstellar rituals, you know

The stars
They don't just shine for you
They don't just shine for me
They are celestial beings
We are the stars
I don't just shine for you
You don't just shine for me
But still magnetically
We are

Star Trek, effects
Dynamite, reflex
I respect your intense
Introspective defects
Let's play a new game
Give me a martian name
You don't have to explain
No it's better this way
Galaxy crusader
You'll be my dictator
The mercurial flavor
Of my now and later
Starlight Starbright
Take me on an endless flight
Make me shine like disco lights
Red and blue, green and white
Arctic sky
Fluorescent night
Oxygen intensifies the solar system and beyond
The planet in between our palms
In deep space I erase
All the memories of her face
Our travels will replace
Everything you once chasedFill my cup up full
I just wanna' do the same for you, yeah
Don't you lie to me
Let me know before I look a fool
Cause I don't know how to love you
Cause I don't know how to love you
Cause I don't know how to love you
Cause I don't know how to love you

I think life is a love song
Death is a horror flick
In between is the verses
The casket's the choruses
You say you need me the most
So I cut off my lights and let your darkness glow

Don't let me down
Don't let me down, no no no no
If there's no oxygen left
I would hold my breath
I'd die for your love, yeah

Fill my cup up full
I just wanna' do the same for you, yeah
Don't you lie to me
Let me know before I look a fool
Cause I don't know how to love you
Cause I don't know how to love you
Cause I don't know how to love you
Cause I don't know how to love you

You say we're destined for greatness
And my eyebrows are raised cause I don't know if you'll make it
And I wasn't even looking but I found love on your lips
Yeah, I swear that I taste it, yeahh

Don't let me down
Don't let me down, no no no no
If there's no oxygen left
I would hold my breath
I'd die for your love, yeah

Fill my cup up full
I just wanna' do the same for you, yeah
Don't you lie to me
Let me know before I look a fool
Cause I don't know how to love you
Cause I don't know how to love you
Cause I don't know how to love you
Cause I don't know how to love youI'll stick you a little
Enough to take your oxygen away
Then I'll set you on fire
'Cause I'm on fire
And I'm with you alone
I'm so into this whore
Afraid, I might lose her
So forget about me
'Cause I'll stick you

Pushed back the square
Now that you've kneed her in the throat
Well, there you go
'Cause back in school
We are the leaders of all
Transpose or stop your life
Is what you do

Pushed back the square
Now that you've kneed her
But you don't, so there you go
'Cause back in school
We are the leaders of all
So transpose or stop your life
Is what you do
Transpose or stop your life
Is what you do

Pushed back the square
Now that you've kneed her in the throat
Well, there you go
'Cause back in school
We are the leaders of it all

All you are
All you are
All you are
All you are
Is meatTalkin' 'bout me
Yeah, yeah, yeah
(Thank You Fizzle)

Let me tell you somethin' 'bout me (Me)
Thick white bitch sitting in the front seat (Yeah)
Ridin' 'round, 488 'Rari (Woo)
Sippin' on drank while I'm on a jetski (Yeah, ooh)
I don't know the bitch, but I know her stripper name (Name)
I don't know the bitch, but I know her stripper name (Ooh)
I don't know the bitch, but I know her stripper name (Patricia)
I don't know the bitch, but I know her stripper name

Got a stripper bitch named Alexis (Alexis)
Fucked her in Miami, but I left her in Texas
Now she actin' reckless (Huh?)
And she almost fainted 'cause the diamonds on my necklace
And I went to court with a stripper (Stripper)
Popped two Oxys, I feel like Derek Fisher
She say that my bust down look like a blizzard
I just took Viagra and it turned me to a wizard
Who that bitch over there? (Huh?)
Tell her come here, suck my dick in a chair (Chair)
Put her in a headlock, she said she need air
Made a broke bitch cry, Lil Pump don't really care-are

Let me tell you somethin' 'bout me (Me)
Thick white bitch sitting in the front seat (Yeah)
Ridin' 'round, 488 'Rari (Woo)
Sippin' on drank while I'm on a jetski (Yeah, ooh)
I don't know the bitch, but I know her stripper name (Name)
I don't know the bitch, but I know her stripper name (Ooh)
I don't know the bitch, but I know her stripper name (Patricia)
I don't know the bitch, but I know her stripper name (Uh, name)

I don't know the bitch, but I know her stripper name (Name)
I don't like hair on that pussy, I want it plain (I want it plain)
Girl, in the party, don't be dancin' like that (Like that)
Yeah, that's dick that you're feelin' on your back (That's fick)
Boom shaka laka, boom shaka laka, boom (Boom)
Noises from the room when I do what I do (Do)
Zoom shaka laka, zoom shaka laka, zoom (Zoom)
Gone in 60 seconds how I leave when I'm through
I got a bitch named Neisha, yeah, she down to fuck (She down to fuck)
And I don't do doo-doo, so I don't do the butt (Do the butt)
Swallow your pride, and swallow this nut
She said, "Take me on a trip," take this dick and shut up

Let me tell you somethin' 'bout me (Me)
Thick white bitch sitting in the front seat (Yeah)
Ridin' 'round, 488 'Rari (Woo)
Sippin' on drank while I'm on a jetski (Yeah, ooh)
I don't know the bitch, but I know her stripper name (Name)
I don't know the bitch, but I know her stripper name (Ooh, yeah)
I don't know the bitch, but I know her stripper name (Patricia)
I don't know the bitch, but I know her stripper name (2 Chainz, name)

My chick walk around in my Ethika drawers (Drawers)
I drive in the pussy, make a left at the wall (Yeah)
If you know me, you know a necklace involved
I go sit in the car, then I text her, "Come on"
I don't know her name, but I call her "Fat Fat" (Fat)
When she bust it down it make a player back back (Back)
Gotta beat... 21 like blackjack
Baby girl, you get flewed out, what's your Cash App? (Tell 'em)
Got a manicure to play with the clit (Clit)
Walked in the club and brought some rain to this bitch (Drenched)
Rolls truck parked in my establishment (Yeah)
All white, lookin' like an ambulance

Let me tell you somethin' 'bout me (Me, yeah)
Thick white bitch sitting in the front seat (Alright, yeah)
Ridin' 'round, 488 'Rari (Yeah, woo)
Sippin' on drank while I'm on a jetski (Yeah, ooh)
I don't know the bitch, but I know her stripper name (Name)
I don't know the bitch, but I know her stripper name (Ooh)
I don't know the bitch, but I know her stripper name (Patricia)
I don't know the bitch, but I know her stripper name (Name)

Ayy Fizzle, you goin' crazy
YeahAll of my conversations die a painful death you see
I can't get anyone to do algebra with me
It's hard to make real friends, my friends have lots of friends
I don't hang out enough, take drugs and learn to love

This intercom is broken into pieces
I gotta call my QB Blitz, B Blitz
Out on the ice fields of Hoth, I'll be
I'll be missing you like oxygen (xygen)
Whoah whoah whoah
I'll be missing you like oxygen

I wanna have the feeling someone's in love with me
You gotta choose between the internet and me
People don't bring me joy, I think you get the point
I'm on an epic quest, pursuit of happiness

This intercom is broken into pieces
I gotta call my QB Blitz, B Blitz
Out on the ice fields of Hoth, I'll be
I'll be missing you like oxygen (xygen)
Whoah whoah whoah
I'll be missing you like oxygen

Sing for the moment, little place on the ocean
In the middle of a snowdrift, we're alone in the universe
Sing for the moment, with a paper lantern over the light
Sing for the moment

This intercom is broken into pieces
I gotta call my QB Blitz, B Blitz
Out on the ice fields of Hoth, I'll be
I'll be missing you like oxygen (xygen)
Whoah whoah whoah
I'll be missing you like oxygenYes this is the campaign
Slithered entrails
In the cargo bay
A neutered is the vastness
Hallow vacuum
Check the oxygen tanks
They hibernate
But have they kissed the ground
Pucker up and kiss the asphalt now
Tease this amputation
Splintered larynx
It has access now

Cut away, cut away
Send transmission from
The one armed scissor
Cut away, cut away
Send transmission from
The one armed scissor
Cut away, cut away
Send transmission from
The one armed scissor
Cut away, cut away

Banked on memory
Mummified circuitry
Skin graft machinery
Sputnik sickles found in the seats
Self-destruct sequence
This station is non-operational
Species growing
Bubbles in an IV loitering
Unknown origin
Is this the comfort of being afraid
Solar eclipsed
Black out the vultures
As they wait
Unknown, unknown
Unknown, unknown, yeah

Cut away, cut away
Send transmission from
The one armed scissor
Cut away, cut away
Send transmission from
The one armed scissor
Cut away, cut away
Send transmission from
The one armed scissor
Cut away, cut away

Dissect a trillion sighs away
Will you get this letter
Jagged pulp sliced in my veins
I write to remember
Cause I'm a million miles away
Will you get this letter
Jagged pulp sliced in my veins
I write to remember
I write to remember
I write to remember

Cut away, cut away
Send transmission from
The one armed scissor
Cut away, cut away
Send transmission from
The one armed scissor
Cut away, cut away
Send transmission from
The one armed scissor
Cut away, cut away

Cut away, cut away
Cut away, cut awayNothing suffocates you more than
The passing of everyday human events
And isolation is the oxygen mask
You make your children breathe in to survive

But I'm not a slave
To a God that doesn't exist
And I'm not a slave to a world
That doesn't give a shit

And when we were good
You just closed your eyes
So when we are bad
We'll scar your minds

Fight! Fight! Fight! Fight!
Fight! Fight! Fight! Fight!

You'll never grow up to be a big rock star
Celebrated victim of your fame
They'll just cut our wrists like cheap coupons
And say that death was on sale today

And when we were good
You just closed your eyes
So when we are bad
We'll scar your minds

But I'm not a slave
To a God that doesn't exist
And I'm not a slave to a world
That doesn't give a shit

The death of one is a tragedy
The death of one is a tragedy
The death of one is a tragedy
The death of millions' just a statistic

But I'm not a slave
To a God that doesn't exist
And I'm not a slave to a world
That doesn't give a shit
But I'm not a slave
To a God that doesn't exist
And I'm not a slave to a world
That doesn't give a shit

Fight! Fight! Fight! Fight!
Fight! Fight! Fight! Fight!Ha ha ha good
Can you say it faster?

I can do anything
Neutron, proton, mass effect, lyrical oxidation, you're irrelevant
Mass spectrograph, your electronvolt, atomic energy erupting
As I get all open on betatrons, gamma rays thermo cracking
Cyclotron any and every mic you're on
Trans iridium, if you're always uranium
Molecules, spontaneous combustion, pow
Law of definite proportion, gaining weight
I'm every element around
Lead, gold, tin, iron, platinum, zinc, when I rap you think
Iodine nitrate activate
Like Germanium, the only difference is I transmit sound
Balance was unbalanced then you add a little talent in
Careful, careful with those ingredients
They could explode and blow up if you drop them
And they hit the ground
Let it blow, yo, just let it go, get back
Ca(OH)₂ wine water solution of calcium hydroxide
Slobbin' it, CaO lime will make bleach powder
Galvanic metal beats stomp out louder
Dried ice, CO squared refrigerant
NO₂ makes you laugh, it's laughing gas used by dentists
I'm muriatic acid glue, I'm like oil vitriol, the king of chemicals
Energy heat gas waved all your mats
Chemical change, ice point, melt all your raps
Atomic weight, hold shocks, when you call
Refillable gas keep going way beyond biatch
I'm only ill with buzzin', feel the ambiance
Adiabatic process oughta calm your ass
After I warm your ass, I'll give sodium silicate NO₂S₁O₃, a water glass
Borax flexure full of brimstone sulfur
Boracic acid, hip-hop preserver
CO₂ could never put away the fire
Style aromas is scientific; the lyrical fuse would be connected
To teach you chemical calisthenics
(C4)
The theory is that all matter is composed of at least three fundamental particles
Protons, electrons, neutrons, protons are charged positive
By now you've guessed electrons are probably negatively charged
Neutrons don't follow either, neutral, in the middle, only no apologies
Centered, unmoved by yin and yang ideology
Neutron, bomb songs, electron fury
Cosmic musical radioactivity
Different points in joints within infinity
Oxygen and hydrogen alive within all types of energy
Within all types of energy
Within all types of energy
Within all types of energy
Within all types of energy, inside a world, inside a world
Inside a universe, inside of me existing although I can't see it
Hydrocarbon, nitrogen cycle, ionization
Heavier than electric motor metals that weigh over a ton
This has been a Chemist, Blackalicious creation
Clean out your desk, put your papers away 'cause class is almost done
(All aboard for the night train)
This is chemistry plus calisthenics
I'm calcium plus potassium, magnesium, newspaper of sodium, sulfate
Your solvent, chloroform, remedy from the norm
Glycerin, purest form Titanium
There is no way out, when this newfy is out
Of all arms vibration, forming in a nigga
Some bleachin' to teach ya religious is equal to pieces of meteor
Eager to be here or is it, can see here I know all of all
I'ma pickin' up pretty little Cindy
I'm more, I'm thinkin' of more
I'm cookin' a potion!Break the fuckin' mirror 'cause I hate the image
Every single tear I cry is wasted liquid
I fucked too many girls to count, I ain't commited
I guess bein' an asshole was a bad decision

Thanks haters I love
You, no one above
You, I lost a thousand friends to threads, like where's the undo?
Tweetin' like I ain't affected by the hate directed every second, maybe I should take the weapon blow

Where are you going?
My serotonin
I'm feelin' alone and the world is so cold
It's hard to focus
Without oxytocin
Love is an ocean I can't control

Break up with my girl because she doesn't trust me
I don't fuckin' blame her 'cause I trust in nothin'
Mama held a bottle, daddy doesn't hug me
All I ever wanted was someone to love me

Thanks doctor I need those
Give me a free dose
I took a thousand happy pills but I'm still emo
Actin' like I ain't affected by the hate directed every second
Maybe I should fuckin' end it now

Where are you going
My serotonin
I'm feelin' alone and the world is so cold
It's hard to focus
Without oxytocin
Love is an ocean I can't control

Chemicals, chemicals in my brain
Where'd you go, where'd you go anyways?
Left a hole where the bad wants to stay
Everything, everything goes away
Chemicals, chemicals in my brain
Where'd you go, where'd you go anyways?
Left a hole where the bad wants to stay
Everything, everything goes awayDanny, I see you

My lil' gutta bitch
Yeah, that's my lil' gutta bitch
I don't really love the bitch so I can never trust a bitch
Uh, wipe her off
Man, you got a dusty, dusty
She is just a dusty bitch
These hoes be out here sucking dick
These hoes be out here sucking dick so I can't even worry 'bout her
Push up in the bih', I swerve out
Eat that pussy, I beat her nerves out
I up that fucking Draco and I knock that fucking perc out me
You talking 'bout that, ain't stunting 'bout that
These niggas ain't wit' it, I’m the one who shot him

Yeah, I'm the one who shot him
We geeking off of that Hen', dawg, I’m gon’ do Oxycontin
Your bitch spoiled rotten
We getting hella bands
And I'm with Yung Bans
We shooting at your mans
Let's get it, let's get it, let's get it, let's go
Ain't aiming at legs, I shoot at your throat
On the Ox right now, I been fucking too long
Having too much paper, I could never go broke
These niggas be plumbing, what you on?
Stick gon' hit, blow ya dome
It's that 1OF1 shit, I don't wear VLONE
I don't wear VLONE
These hoes eat the dick like some cheese, provolone
.40 wit' a dick inside the load
Runnin' up on Melly, I'm like, "Baby, what the hell you on?"
Boy, what the fuck is you on?
You pull up on me and I bust at ya bum
I ain't tryna rip through your ribs
I'm tryna rip through your face
These niggas talkin' like they wit' it
We pull up, and I came in first place
Shot a couple pussy niggas in the face
I would never stab you in your back
And the Uzi, like the ratatat
Brrrat, 3 shots
Niggas be talkin' like they wit' it, boy
Bitch, you only got 3 shots
Yeah, ridin' 'round with like 3 Glocks
And we aimin' at your tip top
Rockstar, like Slipknot
Try the gang, pussy get popped
Slime ya out, yeah, big slime
100 rounds, go hit the block and he beat it out
That pussy water, I might have to eat it out
Ain't show no love, I was broke, but just look how they treat me now
Yeah, my bitch ain't play around
Leave you in the lost and found
Still got that 30 round
It'll send ya downtown
I ain't tryna make explosion sounds
Shit sound like blaow blaow
Been a hot boy since a child
Y'all pussy niggas living foul
And nigga playin', bring that demon out
Them sliders, slide and wipe you out
And we ain't really wit' that pillowtalk
We’ll really wipe ya down

My lil' gutta bitch
Yeah, that's my lil' gutta bitch
I don't really love the bitch so I can never trust a bitch
Uh, wipe her off
Man, you got a dusty, dusty
She is just a dusty bitch
These hoes be out here sucking dick
These hoes be out here sucking dick so I can't even worry 'bout her
Push up in the bih', I swerve out
Eat that pussy, I beat her nerves out
I up that fucking Draco and I knock that fucking perc out me
You talking 'bout that, ain't stunting 'bout that
These niggas ain't wit' it, I’m the one who shot himI am, too hot to cool off
Blew Atlanta up like Eric Rudolph, and starving in pursuit of moolah
Floss and get your crew robbed, my crew'll shoot at you like "hoorah"
I be on tour and shit, you get on stage and you get boo'd off
You throwing jabs at me but we ain't in no boxing gym
I'll stab you and have you inside of a hospital hooked up to oxygen
So who the hottest? Conversation my name get brought up in
I'm Woody Harrelson, this industry is Zombieland
You wanna fuck with us, you must've had no common sense
I'll kill you then your guts get eaten up by Brotha Lynch
It's Strange Music so the competition nonexistent
All them other record labels fallin' off like rotten limbs
I'm making some money, it's making their stomach cringe
I'll never forget it, a couple of summers ago, I was cooking and scrubbing pans
Drink 'till I get drunk and spin
Puffing something with a lovely scent behind the Cutlass tint
Floating in the Strange stream, who jumpin' in?

My brain is full of thoughts that are darker than Samhain
That span across the Great Lakes and vast Midwest Plains
Spreading coast to coast like a virus you can't contain
Now a global pandemic, panic courtesy of (STRANGE!)
The biggest independent label, pop the champagne
We don't need no head now, homie you can keep the change
Coming through your speakers, receive us into your blood vein
We the truth like Nostradamus' prophecy quatrains
Snake Bat, Praise that, part of rap since way back
Since the days of 8 tracks and 808's and adaps
Analog cassette decks, steady grinding, what's next?
Starving artist 'til Trav and Tech cut me that advanced check
Strange outcast step child, call me Damien
Five Finger Death Punch straight to the cranium
Flow so sick, could be enriched with uranium
Extraterrestrial, lyrics labeled alien

Appetite destruction, never been no punk shit
My voices give me choices, just to spite me I choose dumb shit
Choppers all around me, I mean lyrical and literal
Spit it through this microphone and pull up at ya mami's home
Jump out on the dumb shit, speaking through this drum clip
Tearin' flesh, rippin' hips, watch me kill shit
Cypher without the villain, that's appealin' but it's silly though
An army without it's general, an octopi no tentacles
Not trying to be subliminal, nothing I do is minimal
Heavy hitter, heavy words, push a nigga, pushin' verbs
Squish my button, you push my nerves, ten toes in the turf
Not the last or the first, gutta nigga, stomp the Earth
Grippin' metal, I ain't special, on the level
Smack your temple with the barrel, not complying, I'm a rebel
And I'm fresh up out the ghetto, puppet master, I'm Geppetto
Take a minute, you'll get it, nigga, Scoob did it

Kali Baby! 'Ight man, I'mma do this! I'm kinda nervous
The purpose of having a cypher is so you can sit here
Wide-eyed, listen, look at me in this position
Now, I coulda just left you sitting there
But Nina told me to pick 'em apart, you're a victim of art
K-R-I to the double crooked, look at him
He pudgy like they took a ugly stick and frickin' shook at him
And I don't stay Gucci down to the linens
I'll let you trick off, she jerking my dick off and grinnin'
You can see him, but he just a figment
You wanna be him, better get your pigment gone
Try to beat him with deliverin'
I get belligerent and that's the end of the song
And I get a little bit ahead of myself, feel like I'mma melt
And I feel like I'm better than everyone else
I guess I be rappin' ahead of my wealth
I'm the coldest thing since the ice cube
Only thing missing from this beat back in the day was Ice Cube
Yeah, I said I'm the best in a minute, nigga what?!
Only niggas that could contest it is rested, dig em up!
Okay! Hahahaha! Whatever, nigga...Looking at the pictures I keep on my shelf
'Cause it's been so long since I've looked like myself
Burn another candle down
Burn another candle down
Running low on patience, running now on fumes
I'm never gonna make it halfway to the moon
But it's too late to turn around
But it's too late to turn around

I'm running out of oxygen
I'll never be the same again now
Same again now

Oh my god, I can't remember
Who I was just last December
What have I done, how did I get here?
What have I done?
Oh my god, look in the mirror
I was young, nothing to fear once
What have I done, how did I get here?
What have I done?

Maybe I was foolish, I guess I was naive
I didn't know what I had, and I thought I had to leave
I wish that I was homeward bound
I wish that I was homeward bound
I'm searching for a signal, holding out my phone
Have I gone too far, am I on my own?
No one here to hold me now
No one here to hold me now

I'm running out of oxygen
Can't help but wish I'd stayed
I'm lost just like Will Robinson
A rocket man in space

Oh my god, I can't remember
Who I was just last December
What have I done, how did I get here?
What have I done?
Oh my god, look in the mirror
I was young, nothing to fear once
What have I done, how did I get here?
What have I done?

Mmm, mmm
Mmm, mmm

Oh my god, I can't remember
Who I was just last December
Who I was just last December
Oh my god

Oh my god, look in the mirror
I was young, nothing to fear once
What have I done, how did I get here?
What have I done?

Mmm, mmm
Mmm, mmmWhat is this place?

It's called... a department store

It's... it's beautiful

Shhh
First, a deep breath
Take it all in
Feel all those halogens warming your skin
Smell how they pump in pure oxygen
See, they care

'Love'?

Excuse me?

'Love'. It's the new fragrance from Chanel

Oh, no, thank you

I know you're scared
Nevertheless, think of the people you want to impress
Swallow your pride for me
Just nod "yes"
And prepare 'cause something's in the air

I think it's 'Love'

Exactly!
Here you'll become what you're supposed to be
You think you can't, but you can
Think of the guy you want most to be
Here's your chance to make it
So take it like a man

What does she want?
Not really sure
Why can't we leave things the way that they were?
Why can I never say "no" to her?
What's that smell?

'Subtext' by Calvin Klein

That I don't like
That's kinda neat
Guys who wear that get beat up on my street
Still, I've come this far
I can't retreat in my shell
I'm in the hands of Elle
What the hell!

Here you'll become what you're supposed to be

Supposed to be

You think you can't, but you can

Yes, you can

Think of the guy you want most to be
Here's your chance to make it

So take it like a man

God, I love shopping for guys

Okay, this is strange

Watching them change right before your eyes

Don't watch me change!

Look at him striking a pose
His confidence grows

He'll bloom like a rose

It's just clothes!

God, I love shopping for men

Okay, this is nice

They walk in a two, they walk out a ten

Is this the price?!

Don't worry, this is my treat
There's someone I'd like you to meet

Whoa

I look like Warner

Yeah

But it's just me

That's the best part
The outside is new
But now it reflects what's already in you
Couldn't change that if I wanted to
And I do not

Thank you

No, thank you
This is no gift
It's payment in kind
'Cause you saw beyond all the blonde to my mind
Oh, you have to buy it
What, are you blind?
You look hot!
Is he not hot?

He's hot, hot, hot, hot

Here you'll become what you're supposed to be
You think you can't, but you can
Think of the guy you want most to be

Not quite the guy I'd have chose to be
But when she's standing so close to me
I think I like her plan

Here's your chance to make it

A chance to make it

So take it like

So take it like

A man

A man

A man

A man

A man

A man

A manAin't no color paint gonna cover the stains
The pictures on the wall will all remain
And even though he's home now, sound and safe
Surrounded by the faces that he place his faith
The images visit from the past he witnessed
Can't stay away from the memories
Sticks with each detail, embedded in stone
Like he chiseled those convictions into his bones
The progress stops and pauses, spits and sputters
Like the basement faucet
And it's obvious he's lost in his regrets
You can smell it on his breath

Ain't no color paint gonna cover the stains
But now the alcohol is gonna mother the pain
Tuck it away, no complaints
Just laying on his back, in his backyard under the rain
Take tomorrow but doesn't no how though
For every swallow there's another to follow
He weaves his way throughout the story
Looking for a new missing piece or a door key
Spirits used to be for celebration
But now they just take him away from the hell that's waiting
Re-up until it's three sheets up
And pick a place for the skeletons to meet up

Ain't no color paint gonna cover the stains
But if the oxygen escapes it'll smother the flames
No introduction, doesn't speak his own name
Gonna beat them demons at they own game
The sunset rides to the end slow
Same song echoing outside of the window
You can't grow if the skin don't fit you
Sometimes you gotta get low just to get through
No inspiration left to do your best when
Nobody hates you more than your reflection
Suffer the shame until it stuffs the drain
He's got two hands and a bucket of paint
Come onLyrics from snippet

Slatt, slatt
Yuh
Slatt
Yuh
Slatt, slatt
Huh?
Thank you, Fizzle
Bitch, huh?

Slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt (Ayy, ayy, ayy)
Slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt (Huh? Ayy, ayy, Ooh, okay now)
You ain't fucking slatt (Slatt)
You ain't comin' back (Bitch, huh?)
Avatar Pump (okay), in the back, sippin' Act (Okay, now)
Slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt (Ayy, ayy, Okay, now)
Slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt (Ayy, ayy, Okay, now)
You ain't fucking slatt (Slatt)
You ain't comin' back (Bitch, huh?)
Avatar Pump, in the back, sippin' Act (Okay, now)

Knick-knack, Patek wet, slide shit back
Okay, like, yes, it's from a oyster (Whoa)
Pearls up upon my neck, okay, like, walked up in the Prada
I bought Prada for the set
Okay, like, you know where these dropped
I'm out outer space, no super hot

I'm in a jet, jet, jet, jet
She finna fuck, slide in because he rich
Ooh, yeah, hit 'em, bitch (Bitch)
AK-47 give a nigga face-lift (Okay)
I'm tryna smash iCarly right now (What?)
Give her Oxycontin, now she tryna pipe out (Damn, hunnid)
Ooh, she fucked on slime in the club
Bitch, you looking like an idiot's wife

Slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt (Ayy, ayy, ayy)
Slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt (Huh? Ayy, ayy, Ooh, okay now)
You ain't fucking slatt (Slatt)
You ain't comin' back (Bitch, huh?)
Avatar Pump (okay), in the back, sippin' Act (Okay, now)
Slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt (Ayy, ayy, Okay, now)
Slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt (Ayy, ayy, Okay, now)
You ain't fucking slatt (Slatt)
You ain't comin' back (Bitch, huh?)
Avatar Pump, in the back, sippin' Act (Okay, now)The things you've said are hanging in the middle of my mind Tonight, I can't turn 'em off
I try to worry for your soul but I forget to all the time
I'm in a twisted web and I can't pull my head from it

I think about you walking on a string
It always brings me back here
Into the garden by the hand
You've always had me walking on a string

I knew that I was dead before you touched my lonesome skin
You're never running out of ways to worm your way back in
I hang my head and feel the oxygen drain

I think about you walking on a string
And it always brings me back here
Into the garden by the hand
Anyone who knows what love is will understand
You've always had me walking on a string

In a web, I can't escape it
You'll always worm your way back in
To my lonesome soul and take it
You've always had me walking on a string
In a web, I can't escape it
You'll always worm your way back in
To my lonesome soul and take it
You've always had me walking on a stringDry crossing up the holy five hate
Your cousin is my hobby, free throw
I'd toss my calling card, but I'd hate to make a baby feel slow
Nope, bro, there's lots of answers to shit
Like the numbing that you feel is real, then pain grows
You'll get for what you asked
Patience is the lane I mate with, case closed

If I fall, will you be there
To catch me now, catch me now?
Or if I fall, will you be there
To show me how, show me how
I've fallen, fallen, fallen, fallen?

All cranky in a blanket with a lazy eye
Same pigeon that was shitting on the other guy
Why yo fitness need a witness?
I too can cook a bunch of little meals
(Friend, friend, make my life)
(Friend, friend, make my life)
I picked 'em up and clipped their hype
It was the tamest type, the little bitch couldn't listen
I flipped it up and twisted night into a padded white room
Bitch named "Kristen"

I will run laps around you, around you
Go on, try, tug me back to you, but I'll fly
Guess they were right
No way to drag your body and make up the time
So I'll focus on mine, not gonna hold me down
I'm leaving you behind

Won't say that you're better
Won't sell you a better lie
Won't tell you etcetera
Won't say that you're doing fine
If your life never turns around
If you should die tomorrow or the week after next
I know that I will be safe and sound (Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh)
I won't be there cleaning up all the mess

All cranky in a blanket with a lazy eye
Same pigeon that was shitting on the other guy
Why yo fitness need a witness?
I too can cook a bunch of little meals
I felt my body craving
The oxygen from ancient wasteland aching
I wanna be the man with the bacon
Make a light reveal the only stake in fakeness, fucked

I will run laps around you, around you
Go on, try, tug me back to you, but I'll fly
Guess they were right
No way to drag your body and make up the time
So I'll focus on mine, not gonna hold me down
I'm leaving you behindYeah, I was just chilling man
I was just chilling, just doing my R&B shit
And niggas wanna come and play this shit, man
Make me wanna get ignorant and shit
Fuck all my crew's paper up, fuck all my Jazzfest paper up
But fuck it, new Tigallo, new Tigallo, new Tigallo

Two tears in a bucket, I wish niggas a-pail
A celebration bitches, I wish nigga Chappelle
They never caught wind, still thought that they could sail
Against my Sea World flow, I wish you niggas well/"whale"
Wish you niggas pale a little bit less
In comparison to me, cause y'all make me sound so nice
I try to tell em, rap shit is like ball
You either built for the game, or you not, you can't coach height
Ain't my fault you niggas ain't sold records yet
Before you get reckless with Phontigga
And start slanging epithets
You better off walking through the crowd holding hands with two white bitches at Essence Fest
First in flight nigga, I'll never be second best
Here's the theme, I done been supreme
I can get it mapped out, make you niggas tap out
Like Ben Vereen on Cyclobenzaprine
F.E. is the team, bone thugging in harmony
We're the army of two-faces and Jimmy Darmodys
First class flight, black bag with the toiletries
Run up in the spot like, yeah give me all of these
Go and tell your boy to bring some hoes
And if they ain't bout it I ain't hanging around, nigga that's loitering
He rhymed like he not sane
But I got Rap and she got game, ya heard

There is no emotion, there is peace
Jedi, til the day I die

I spit that wonderama shit, me and my conglomerate
Shine like a mill worth of gold in my prominence
Had to break promises, today where the karmas is
Took a breath for every life left, that's that honor shit
All my new garnishes peel like the pharmacists
Had no need for no Hermes, I value cognizance
That's that kind of sense I'm trying to exchange aimlessly
Early morning talks with my boss deep at Cambridge week
Bane off the plane shit, rollin' in the same whip
Kill Bambi, almost messed me up he got his frame split
Blend like the camo in the circle with the same clique
Bunch of like-minds like mine universal fit
Threat like killa, put your skills up Rambo
Mine reaches all in the soil down at Amco
Ma'am so you mean to tell me this ain't real life shit
There is no real life, baby only lightness
Watch somebody bite this tonight
Just to let you know the come up ain't without a price
Shouts to Kenneth 101, snake eyes on the dice
Life a gamble, hope you niggas all is rolling right, shit
I spit that wonderama shit, won't remain anonymous
Beast of the Southern wild, New Orleans and Raleigh shit
Hush puppies staring down, beasting on the bridge
The strength of a Jedi's in the code that we live, nigga

It's the most poetical, Nat King unforgettable
Clarence 13X Allah's rhapsody from Bellevue

It's a Roc Nation, Jay Electronic-extravaganza
The fans need a oxygen mask for every stanza
Cause it don't matter if you Black or Anglo Saxon
You see a holy El gliding across the stage with icy gloves and socks on
You'll be crying baby Jesus tears in your popcorn
Call the Ghostbusters up, tell em we got one, the keymaster returneth
Escape from the fiery furnace, niggas don't concern us
Uh-uh, what's your name, what's your sign
Soon as you try and shine, hater creep up from behind
The Vatican preaches Jesus then they creep up with the swine
And enslave the people of God and have them sweep up at the shrine
Up up and away, fetch a hater a therapist
Garnish the colosseum with rose petals and chariots
Candy man, candy man, spit another parable
Your show's uncomparable, the flow's unbearable
Up, up and away, fetch a hater a therapist
Garnish the colosseum with rose petals and chariots
Candy man, candy man, spit another parable
Your show's uncomparable, the flow's unbearableHuh? Fuck
Duey, you're so fuckin' dirty
Haha, bitch (Fat bitch)
You already know what the fuck goin' on
(You fuckin' blew it)
Yuh, yuh, yuh
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Wait, how this shit go? Ayy

Stop pissing me off
I can play God and cut off your oxygen
Hop off of my dick
We in the pit? Then I would be socking him
Kaws mixed with the Rick
Open your jaw so I can put my cock in it (You bitch)
Pause, just for a bit
You think you're like me, but we are simply opposite
Stop pissing me off
I can play God and cut off your oxygen
Hop off of my dick
We in the pit? Then I would be socking him
Kaws mixed with the Rick
Open your jaw so I can put my cock in it
Pause, just for a bit
You think you're like me, but we are simply opposite

Ayy-yo, fuck it, ayy, we fly like cradle to the grave
This defecation on your face
I fuck her pussy out of place
I thought you criminal, you're afraid
I feed on flesh, I need a taste
Lil' bitch, I'm Josh, I keep a Drac'
My sensei told me "Don't play safe"
Ayy, spit in her mouth, tell her "Drink" (Tell her "Drink")
Too much voices so I cannot think (I cannot think)
Every morning there's blood on the sink (Blood on the sink)
Skin your boyfriend, turn him into a mink (Turn into a mink)
When she suck on my blood, Marceline (Marceline)
Undercover, don't fuck with Supreme (Supreme. bleh)
Hate on me? You got low self-esteem
Bitch, I'm up and you can't intervene

Stop pissing me off
I can play God and cut off your oxygen
Hop off of my dick
We in the pit? Then I would be socking him
Kaws mixed with the Rick
Open your jaw so I can put my cock in it (You bitch)
Pause, just for a bit
You think you're like me, but we are simply opposite
Stop pissing me off
I can play God and cut off your oxygen
Hop off of my dick
We in the pit? Then I would be socking him
Kaws mixed with the Rick
Open your jaw so I can put my cock in it
Pause, just for a bit
You think you're like me, but we are simply opposite건배하자 like a thunder
네 모든 걸 채워 넘쳐흐를 듯이
모두 잔을 머리 위로
세상 어디에서든 보일 수 있게
I got the answer

손을 펴 시선은 위로 say oh
잔을 들어 마주 보며 say oh
끝은 먼 시작임을 우린 뱉어내
기억해 발끝부터 함께 say my name

Burn, burn 타올라야지 더
계속해 불을 지펴
매일이 finale show, mm-mm
내일이 마치 end of the world
열기를 죽이지 마
Oxygen, fire, 너와 나면 푸른빛 띠우니깐

불타는 태양과 덮치던 파도는
우리에겐 별게 아닌걸
더 들어와 봐 we don't care
두려운 것도 anymore
누구도 손댈 수 없어
타는 불꽃처럼

건배하자 like a thunder
네 모든 걸 채워 (Woo)
넘쳐흐를 듯이 (Woo)
모두 잔을 머리 위로 (위로)
세상 어디에서든 보일 수 있게
One, two, three, let’s burn (Oh)

(Oh) 불러 불러 우릴 지금 불러
타올라 불꽃처럼
(Oh) 불러 불러 우릴 지금 불러
세상 어디에서든 보일 수 있게
타올라 불꽃처럼

아무것도
없는 사막
그곳에서
출발한 우리 시작

뜨겁게 뜨겁게 그땔 기억해
둥글게 둥글게 모여 다음 앞에서
Young and free 우린 세상에 다 야유해
답이 없는 어둠 속 우리의 존재를 밝혀내

불타는 태양과 덮치던 파도는
우리에겐 별게 아닌걸
더 들어와 봐 we don't care
두려운 것도 anymore
누구도 손댈 수 없어
타는 불꽃처럼

건배하자 like a thunder
네 모든 걸 채워 (Woo)
넘쳐흐를 듯이 (Woo)
모두 잔을 머리 위로 (위로)
세상 어디에서든 보일 수 있게
One, two, three, let's burn (Oh)

여기 모두 모여라
뜨겁다면 join us
세상 모든 걸 원한다면
외로워, 괴로워, 무서워, 두려워
했던 지난날은 됐어 깃발 들고 우린 hands up
모두 준비되었는가

One, two, three, let’s burn (Oh)
우리가 보이는가
타오르는 눈빛과 삼킬 듯한 함성이
온 세상을 울리는 걸
듣고 있다면
지금 내 곁으로 와줘
함께 할 수 있게
One, two, three, let's burn

(Oh) 불러 불러 우릴 지금 불러
타올라 불꽃처럼
(Oh) 불러 불러 우릴 지금 불러
세상 어디에서든 보일 수 있게
타올라 불꽃처럼She's got her own trajectory
It leaves my heart 11 degrees
I feel her eyes reflecting me
I see her lifestyle affecting me

When I go round, I lose a night
She tends to obfuscate when it’s black and white
It's like she puts love to the back of her mind
Then rips it out again when she's back at mine

She says "Oxygen's overrated, I don't even need to breathe"
She's got a tank full of highs and a mind that never sleeps

I loved you then, I love you now
So make me laugh for an hour
Then rip me off high as a cloud
Leave that taste in my mouth

She says "Oxygen's overrated, I don't even need to breathe"
She's got a tank full of highs and a mind that never sleeps
"Oxygen's overrated, I don't even need to breathe"
She's got a tank full of highs and a mind that never sleeps

She says "Oxygen's overrated, I don't even need to breathe"
I got a tank full of highs and a mind that never sleeps
"Oxygen's overrated, I don't even need to breathe"
She's got a tank full of highs and a mind that never sleepsI'm sick of us not doin' this right
That's why I think I'm cuttin' you from my life, no more
I'm sick of us not doin' this right
That's why I think I'm cuttin' you from my life, no more

Wasted energy, spent in a place where every
Hour awake I need an escape to centre me
And I don't mean to make a rush for the door
But times a currency, I'm currently poor
I'll be leavin' here soon, I don't mean to be rude but
This scene ain't for me like your mum seein' your nudes
I've got places I'd rather be and wantin' to see
Stoppin' to breathe is so hard around these oxygen thieves
I ain't waitin' around for all my days to amount
To less than average, shed the baggage that is weighin' me down
You can take my pride and money and leverage that
But you takin' my time is somethin' I'll never get back
And you bet that I'ma jet, do a runner, got a lot of regrets
Won't let you be another, so I'ma
Exit casually, do a stealth
Before I'm the next casualty of myself

Everybody say hi
Look who's finally arrived
I'm not lookin' for a good time
I'm just lookin' for the exit sign
I'm just tryna get by
Been here one too many times
I'm not standin' in a bathroom line
I'm just lookin' for the exit sign

I am like, "Peace", start fresh like you born-again
Jesus wept, ha, I don't mean it
But don't mind it if it cause offence, we make moves not amends
Feels like you'll never leave, and the chorus went (Ba ba ba ba ba)
Don't care who goes against
Not you not him, not two, not ten, mm-mm
Callin' your bluff, don't call me your friend
You in it for your fifteen minutes, it's quarter past then, goddamn
I'd take a mate's house over this place
Any day out of the calendar dates now
I mean, I ain't even waitin' to bounce
You won't even hear the door hit me on the way out, nah
You ever notice that's how this go?
Ain't it funny how the ones who can flex just don't?
Well, I mean, maybe a little, but you know
They put on a show, we are the show, everybody say

Everybody say hi
Look who's finally arrived
I'm not lookin' for a good time
I'm just lookin' for the exit sign
I'm just tryna get by
Been here one too many times
I'm not standin' in a bathroom line
I'm just lookin' for the exit sign

I am like
"Nope" I ain't even tryna check in my
Coat, I'm only tryna check in with my
Folks, and my friends they all know that I won't
Stick around for the blah, blah, blah
Conversation here is shallow as a kid's pool
And it's full of people who say 'literally'
When something is not literal
Are you simple, or are you kiddin' with me?
Go hit the floor, man, I'm sure you want to
I'll hit the door, hit the horn and watch Norm McDonald
Man, it's weird to me that when you're in a band you can get
Appearance fees like you were kicked off The Bachelorette
But I don't give a fuck about the money
And I don't give a fuck about the party
Man, anyone that know me know the only thing
I give a fuck about in this phoney world is Ari

If I lose my way (And Poppy)
I know this all amounts to nothin' (So you know)
I've got a million ways for wastin' excess time (I'ma, I'ma get out this stupid club)
But I've got moves to make
And I ain't that self-destructive
I need to bail out towards the exit sign

Everybody say hi
Look who's finally arrived
I'm not lookin' for a good time
I'm just lookin' for the exit sign
I'm just tryna get by
Been here one too many times
I'm not standin' in a bathroom line
I'm just lookin' for the exit sign
Everybody say hi
Look who's finally arrived
I'm not lookin' for a good time
I'm just lookin' for the exit sign
I'm just tryna get by
Been here one too many times
I'm not standin' in a bathroom line
I'm just lookin' for the exit sign ×2
Ça raisonne, ça raisonne, ça raisonne, ça raisonne
Dans les parcs tard, les bat' et les pavtars
Ça raisonne, ça raisonne, ça raisonne, ça raisonne
Dans les fêtes dansantes, dans les têtes pensantes

Ça fait déjà quelques piges que j'donne et
Donc ma mif' est mise de côté
J'ai pris plus de revers qu'à Wimbledon
Et, ouais, ça raisonne, c'est auch'
Mon ancien rêve lointain est devenu
L'nouveau cauchemar d'mes proches
Ma mif et ma petite meuf, mon père m'a dit:
T'as choisi ta voie... ne viens pas m'pleurer si j'meurs
Ton daron qui dit aç', bien sûr, c'est tendu
Tu te sens comme pendu par le cordon ombilical
Dur d'être à fond et d'être motivé si l'bonheur d'un
Fait le malheur de quinze, faut peut-être modifier l'équation
Comme toi, j'me mets à cogiter en pleine célébration
Car j'fais du profit mais je n'arrive pas à profiter
Les superstars et bien j'les plains
Être sur le toit du monde est subjectif
Objectivement, t'es juste loin des tiens
Juste un passionné, c'qui me fait vivre me tue
J'respire ce truc comme un oxygène empoisonné
 ×2
Ça raisonne, ça raisonne, ça raisonne, ça raisonne
Dans les parcs tard, les bat' et les pavtars
Ça raisonne, ça raisonne, ça raisonne, ça raisonne
Dans les fêtes dansantes, dans les têtes pensantes

On m'a dit tant d'fois: "Les amis, ça change"
Tant d'fois: "Les amis s'arrangent entre eux
Pour que l'argent qui rentre finisse entre leur phalanges"
Que je me suis méfié dès l'départ
Mais je n'regrette rien, parfois, j'suis froid, c'est vrai
Mais toujours préparé au coup d'te-trai qui vient de loin ou d'près
Peu importe je reste le même
Gambergeant mes thèmes en scred
Réglant mes problèmes, en fait
Je ne vais pas t'faire de dessin, on avance vite, c'est vrai
Mais pousse la réflexion, évite le vice et les crises entre frères
Réfléchis avant d'faire tes dièses, fuck la morale et la crari
Mais dis-toi que dans l'Hexagone
Tu t'plantes à seize, tu payes à vie
Casier judiciaire, mauvaise orientation scolaire
Les ardoises envers le système ne s'effacent pas au K2R
Le savoir est une arme de guerre, l'impatience un poison
La violence un mystère que n'résout même plus la raison
Bref, faudrait peut-être penser à sortir du troupeau
Au lieu d'sortir les couteaux et d'finir tête sous l'eau
 ×2
Ça raisonne, ça raisonne, ça raisonne, ça raisonne
Dans les parcs tard, les bat' et les pavtars
Ça raisonne, ça raisonne, ça raisonne, ça raisonne
Dans les fêtes dansantes, dans les têtes pensantes

Y'en a qui m'aident, ouais, j'ai la tête en l'air
Mais ça, j'me souviens et j'me sens tellement fier
En guettant les messages de soutien, on vit de vrais emmerdes
Vu qu'même ici on se dérouille entre frères
En temps de guerre mais ma mission se déroule
Et tu sais pour qui j'le fais
1995, gros, tu sais pour qui on l'fait
C'est pour les petites frelonnes qui font survivre l'honneur
Qui se méfient de l'homme, pour les petits qui fredonnent
Nos titres, qui m'redonnent l'envie d'écrire le bonheur
Malgré les litres de tise dans mon bide de triste lover
C'est comme pédaler avec la pression d'celui qui est BAC+10
Hélas, les BAC+10 ont du fric que je n'ai pas
Au début j'bédavais, j'avais l'impression de niquer la justice
Mais là c'est la justice qui me nique quand je bédave
C'est horrible de s'énerver pour une drogue
Même avec ses potes, ça peut dégénérer pour une dose
J'ai pas besoin d'ça pour avoir de l'inspiration
C'est juste une excuse pour ne pas avoir d'implication
Je m'amuse mais j'deviens dingue ensuite
La parano, j'abuse, ce sera pire à 50 piges
 ×2
Ça raisonne, ça raisonne, ça raisonne, ça raisonne
Dans les parcs tard, les bat' et les pavtars
Ça raisonne, ça raisonne, ça raisonne, ça raisonne
Dans les fêtes dansantes, dans les têtes pensantes2012, stop saying "femcee"
It's not a word, I'll hop the curb and hit you with my ten-speed
Bike spokes everywhere
Hi folks, I'm very rare
Veteran who's getting better every year
Sicker than Sloan Kettering, whole floors is lawless
Benevolent applause cause everything I'm spittin' flawless
Praying so much my Spanish friends call me Lourdes
Quarter Loch Ness, 75% Chuck Norris
Incredible dominating performance
Every time, every line; flawless
Gabby Douglas, Dominque Dawes spit
Stickin' landings and the wit is just enormous
Your a Dick Santorum fan, I can afford to pause it
Come back on the fourth hit
Have dudes screamin' "Have you ever really loved me, Jeanie?"
Rat face, Stevie so at me, Jean Greasy
I'm bad

Some of you MC's need to check up your flow at the Korle Bu hospital
Your punches are weak, your flows don't represent the streets
That's your only disease, Hip Hop refugees
Forget it, because when y'all deliver your flow
Then y'all turn out to be a laughing stock
The music business ain't by force
If you release 2 to 4 singles and you still don't break through
In the future when I am dead and gone
Y'all name a parking lot after me
I'm the rap supreme, I rap in different flavors
Lame rappers go to sleep cause y'all degrading the hip hop scene
So many MC's back in Africa making a perfect meal
But I'm the missing ingredient, call me the Irish cream
Give me a round of applause, cause I killed it
Rapperholic soldier
Obidi I tongue twist 24/7, I thought I told ya
They dig my policy, dig my legacy, dig my energy
Yes! Obidibiponbidi
What else?

I'm decent but I'm despicable, spittin' the inexplicable
Pickin' stems out the piccolo, tickle your brain ventricles
They finally let the nerd with the swag in
I was playin' the background like an adlib
But now I'm greedy like a fat kid
Old lady don't blow my high
Cause my pants hang low and you can't see my eyes
I get faded like Smokey but I'm crazy with the motif
Eatin' rappers, I need mo' teeth, you think I'm obese
Movin' with the movement, you don't need no lease
So fly, I don't need no feet, how I run it?
Keefin' up, when I'm coolin' with my young'ns
You know I keep it 3hunna
Can't take it lower, I used to loiter, these days I need a lawyer
Call your employer, tell him Soulo on the market
I love Indo but Do-Dawg love endorsements
I was never into Porches or Polo Horses
More like Nibiru's orbit, ascension in Pyramid coffins
It's safe to say I'm thinkin' in a major way
I reckon you take your exit and make your way out
Its my time, not Morris Day's now
The more the days go by, the more I'm reminded that I'm a Titan
If there was ever, whats pressure to a diamond?
I'm the Haile Selassie of rhyming
Ab-Soul

You spit dummy, I get money like Clark Howard
BET, lemme show you black star power
It's funny they want me to spit
When really they never play me though
On the real, the alternative is what you hear on the radio
Fashion designer rappers
Wanna climb back inside of their Mama's vaginas
When passionate rhymers become reminders, son
You stay sleepin' on me, you soft the Satin pajamas, son
My hood is like the jungle with lions packin' the llama's
From Vandavere's to Gowanus, I'm so notorious
Fightin' my way back to Brooklyn like we the warriors
Right in your face, ain't no life line for you to call on
You simple like a pimple, you sort of an oxymoron
I'm graceful as Jordan with the fade-away
Write a passage as painful as circumcision with a razor blade
I stay open cause I'm better with words
I'm Frank Ocean at a Chik-Fil-A, I'll never get servedYeah
Why do you keep talking?
Shut up, SH!THEAD
I do not want to be in the fucking  this shit any longer
I am God, what the fuck are you?

American wasteland
No face, no case, make them sprint like a race
American wasteland
No rules in this place, fuck the law and the state
American wasteland
No face, no case, make them sprint like a race
American wasteland
No rules in this place, fuck the law and the state

I been debating 'bout whether not you just act hard
Y'all pussies hating but do not know what the facts are
You fucks is suckin' my dick then shoot up that black tar
The throne is vacant, but wait, what about NASCAR? (Haha)
I see you talkin' but you lacking that confidence
I'm bout to hock and spit on this bitch 'cause she offerin'
Ain't got no competence, 'bout to cut off your oxygen
He in the pit, he get hit and losing his consciousness
I don't fucking like people, thought I told you this
Then you hop up in the pit, you get a swollen lip
Put my whole damn foot up where your colon is
He like that internet shit 'til I dispose of him
Spit, piss and blood on my t-shirt
If I was you, I wouldn't like my ass either
I'm comin' through in all black like the reaper
Same punk, I just tax for the feature

American wasteland
No face, no case, make them sprint like a race
American wasteland
No rules in this place, fuck the law and the state
American wasteland
No face, no case, make them sprint like a race
American wasteland
No rules in this place, fuck the law and the stateI sat outside my front window, this story's going somewhere
He's well hung and I am hanging up
There's a song on the radio that says
"Let's get this party started," so let's get this party started

What you do on your own time's just fine
My imagination's much worse, I just never want to know
What meant the world had folded, like legs and fingers holding
Onto what escapes me, what he has, a better kiss that never lasts

You said, between your smiles and regrets
"Don't say it's over," dead and gone, dead and gone, yeah

The calm before the storm set it off
And the sun burnt out tonight
Reception less than warm set it off
And the sun burnt out too

This is me standing in the arch of the door
Hating that look that's on your face
That says there's another fool like me
There's one born every minute, there's one born every minute

What you do on your own time's just fine
My imagination's much worse, I just never want to know
What meant the world imploded, inflated, then demoted all my
Oxygen to product gas, and suffocated my last chance

To say between your smiles and regrets:
"Don't say it's over," dead and gone, dead and gone

The calm before the storm set it off
And the sun burnt out tonight
Reception less than warm set it off
And the sun burnt out too


Calm before the storm (set it off, set it off)
Whoa!

Calm before the storm set it off
And the sun burnt out tonight
Reception less than warm set it off!
And the sun burnt out tonight! Whoa, yeah!
Sun burnt out tonight, the sun burnt out tonightIt was cold like a winter day
In pouring november rain
Everything felt numb
What have we become?
I never saw the signs
How could I be so blind?
Did I close my eyes?
'Cause your heart was full of lies

November is a nightmare that will chase me after all you've done
I'm sorry, November
Just wake me when you're gone
Is there someone who can help me change the calendar?
Don't wanna remember, November
To me you don't exist no more, I'm sorry

I wanted you more than life
I think of it all the time
You were my ray of light
My guide through lonely nights
You said you were in love
But I guess I was not enough
You left me in the shade
Now our light will fade away

November is a nightmare that will chase me after all you've done
I'm sorry, November
Just wake me when you're gone
Is there someone who can help me change the calendar?
Don't wanna remember, November
You don't exist no more

'Cause this mountain is to high
I don't have the strength to climb
I'm sorry, November, I'm sorry
Without oxygen I can't breathe
I'm losing ground underneath
My heart cannot take it
Not willing to fake it
I need to forsake 'cause I cannot maintain this
I'm sorry, I'm sorry
Is there someone who can help me change the calendar?
I'm sorry, November, I'm sorry

'Cause november changed my life
I will have to say goodbye
I'm sorry, November, I'm sorry
Now tell me is there someone who can help me change the calendar?
Don't wanna remember, November
You don't exist no more
'Cause November changed my life
I will have to say goodbye
I'm sorry, Novemeber, I'm sorryAhh-ahh-ahh
Ahh-ahh-ahh

Don't warn me (Don't, don't, don't)
I'd rather be surprised (Don't)
Don't warn me (Hey)
Now I'm prepared to die, so
Saved, don't warn me
Saved, do-do-do-doo-do-doo
Saved (Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh)
(Yea, yea)
(Uh)

Hot boxing
Do you realize my attitude toxic and we need oxygen?
Do I carry her or let it end? Uh
Am I a barrier or am I a bridge? Uh
You know the scary thing about it is
Is how I
Always make excuses when you wanna put time in
Talkin' bout next week, I feel like I ain't gonna be alive then
She said she ready to see us die then
Say you got all the controls, just pull the fire-pin
Look at you killin' with mad precision
Her brain got traffic, then I crash it, then I
Wonder if you knew how fast you'd driven, uh
If I turn my back to your bad decisions
Just don't give me warning, just stab me in it
Askin', can you not?

Don't warn me (Don't, don't, don't)
I'd rather be surprised (Don't)
Don't warn me (Hey)
Now I'm prepared to die, so
Saved, don't warn me
Saved, do-do-do-doo-do-doo
Saved (Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh)Take those words that you say
Don't use them against me, against me
When I'm walking away from something gray
I know you'll try to temp me, to temp me
When our hearts can't relate no more
I want you to forget me, forget me
Sometimes it feels like a war
But know I ain't ya enemy, ya enemy
But

Bullets fly, bullets, bullets fly in the sky tonight
Bombs may burst, bombs, bombs may burst
Bullets fly, bullets, bullets fly in the sky tonight
Bombs may burst, bombs, bombs may burst
In love

Party at the Malibu, trying to adjust to the elevation
Brought no car to LA, so I walk cause I ain't tryna to pay for no validation, uh!
Double meaning, no, double entendre
Watching Assandra get undressed in the back of a Honda
Sometimes off on the road, it's crazy, I ponder
I see them, syke, but no relation to Wanda
I'm tryna to wonder off and dance and shit
Romance and shit, too many bops at it like them Hanson kids
But I'm so fancy cause even when you at your worst
Sometimes you'll Tokyo drift and then everything'll burst
This shit a gift and a curse the way that I analyze
I grew up wanting more, I'm never satisfied
My father told me always have my pride
Would've of worked at Burger King making fries
If it meant helping his fam survive
And now the nine-to-five, it's more like nine-to-nine
I only take a break just to talk when he on the other line
Tell him put on my mom, promise everything is fine
I've been working hard so you don't have to work all the time
That's real shit, fuck that mass appeal shit
Fuck that record deal shit, I would rather make it on my own
They say there's limitations when you're enter in that throne
But I don't think how they think, so competition is unknown
In a league of my own, no Rosie
Wolf on these beats, no Posey
Now everybody will know me
People keep on talking but there's no beef but Kobe
Fuck it, sometimes I wish that I could clone me
Cause I've been up wrestling with stuff like I'm Triple H
Only fuck with twins, I tryin' to get me a triple date
Triple A , gettin' lifted, never vacation but I'm trippin'
Off of like what everybody say
But I just gotta know what's in my heart
Because the world that type of place where people try to take your art and then they pull it all way
Some friends addicted to that Oxycontin
I've been addicted to music, so I fuckin' forgot them
I should of been there when the ambulance respondin'
But I was probably on a plane, sellin' tickets out in Boston
Another show at the House of Blues, this place is hella packed
And kids been waiting since 6 A.M. just to see me rap
But how the fuck you gonna compete with an animal
I got the hunger, I'm overthrowing the capitol
These muhfuckers talk about me at they shows
But then they love me when we standing toe-to-toes
How's that rational?
Fake shit, I don't need that real blood
Homie bleed that I don't even mean to go and make it violent
But when you say something, stand behind it
All I got's my word in this life, so I write it

Take those words that you say
Don't use them against me, against me
When I'm walking away from something gray
I know you'll try to temp me, temp me
When our hearts can't relate no more
I want you to forget me
Sometimes it feels like a war
But know I ain't an enemy, an enemyThere's something better than what you're asking for
Kid, kid, tonight
Something better than what you're asking for
Kid, kid, tonight
Something better than what you're asking for
Kid, kid, tonight
Something better than what you're asking for
Kid, kid, kid, kid

I could not be more forgiving
Cutting Lucy, fancy living
Sticky-shifting, polymorphing
Sound the guns when we're together
Shake a rainstick at the weather
Take the day off, I surrender

Oh, darling
If this heart was a card, would you deal it?
If this life was a pulse, would you feel it?
If this love was a wound, would you heal it?
(Or just make it better)

There's something better than what you're asking for
Kid, kid, tonight
Something better than what you're asking for
Kid, kid, tonight
Something better than what you're asking for
Kid, kid, tonight
Something better than what you're asking for
Kid, kid, kid, kid

Fill 'er up with serotonin
Pyrotechnic, oxytocin
I'm overdosing, polymorphing
Innocence within a warzone
Undercover, in the ozone
Bungee jumping, on the upswing

Oh, darling
If this heart was a card, would you deal it?
If this life was a pulse, would you feel it?
If this love was a wound, would you heal it?

There's something better than what you're
Something better than what you're
Better than, better than, night
Kid, kid, kid, kid
There's something better than what you're
Something better than what you're
Better than, better than, night
Kid, kid, kid, kid

Hi, hi!
Polymorphing

Oh, darling
If this heart was a card, would you deal it?
If this life was a pulse, would you feel it?
If this love was a wound, would you heal it?
Or just make it better or something

There's something better than what you're
I do better than what you're
I do better than what you're
There's something better than what you're
I do better than what you're
Night
There's something better than what you're
I do better than what you're
Night
Kid, kid, kid, kid

I'm polymorphing
(Everybody just calm the fuck down)
Hi! Hi! Polymorphing
Polololololololololymorphing
Polymorphing
Hi, ahh!
Tonight
Tonight
TonightTotally intoxicated when he drove across the state line
Rapper gone insane, story on Dateline
Lost his wits, didn't take his meds
When they pulled him over, this is what he said
I'm a Bad MotherFucker man (shut your mouth)
Well we talking about Pharoahe
Mashing in that Aston Martin on the Verrazano Narrows
Greatest of all time in the latest apparel
80's baby, ladies crave me on some Mercedes shit
Go tell your favorite rapper eat a bag of baby dicks
They keep singing the same ol' song
I'm a bring 'em the pain for saying the name wrong
Got me going insane I'ma ask you again

Who put these pussies on top
Putting out that pussy music, call it pussy pop
Playing them pussy games, sucker shit
Fucking around but they don't know just who they fucking wit
 (x2)
I'm a Bad Motherfucker man
Universal, worldwide, you know my circle
Renegade, on the mic I might just murk you
Putting in that work, cause I do work, every verse is a virtue

The best liar told a lie inside a room full of liars
The lie was so exciting that all of the liars admired
When the truth walked in the building every liar retired
Deception was defeated and deceit became deleted
Uh, they mad cause they can't stop me
Cause I said fuck swag I got moxie
Lyrically ecstasy I got that oxy-contin poppin
They can't carbon copy or mock me
Reign, independent off the books
Off the chain off the hinge off the hooks
It's not a game, I'm not a rook
"Y'all Know The Name", you love the look, listen
 + You give me life and a loss of oxygen
You treat me like I was in love again
And I hold you tight, tight enough to know
That you are mine, I'd never let you go

And it's you I miss
And it's you I miss

So let it out
I let it out now
I let it out
I let it out now, now

And you speak to me behind your darkened stare
And you let me be as if I wasn't there

It seemed perfect, a concept free from any regret
Another couple based on teen sex
You eejit, true I was just like you
We couldn't be torn apart, you see we were just like glue

It's you I miss
And it's you I miss, oh-oh

So let it out
I let it out now
I let it out
I let it out now, now

It seemed perfect, a concept free from any regret
Another couple based on teen sex
You eejit, true I was just like you
We couldn't be torn apart, you see we were just like glue

Like glue, we're like glue, we're like glue
Like glue, we're like glue, we're like glue
Like glue, we're like glue, we're like glue
Like glue, we're like glue, we're like glue
Like glue, we're like glue, we're like glue
Like glue, we're like glue, we're like glue
Like glue, we're like glue, we're like glue
Like glue, we're like glue, we're like glue

So let it out
I let it out now
I let it out
I let it out now, now

It seemed perfect, a concept free from any regret
Another couple based on teen sex
You eejit, true I was just like you
We couldn't be torn apart, you see we were just like glueTotally intoxicated when he drove across the state line
Rapper gone insane, story on Dateline
Lost his wits, didn't take his meds
When they pulled him over, this is what he said
I'm a Bad MotherFucker man (shut your mouth)
Well we talking about Pharoahe
Mashing in that Aston Martin on the Verrazano Narrows
Greatest of all time in the latest apparel
80's baby, ladies crave me on some Mercedes shit
Go tell your favorite rapper eat a bag of baby dicks
They keep singing the same ol' song
I'm a bring 'em the pain for saying the name wrong
Got me going insane I'ma ask you again

Who put these pussies on top
Putting out that pussy music, call it pussy pop
Playing them pussy games, sucker shit
Fucking around but they don't know just who they fucking wit
 (x2)
I'm a Bad Motherfucker man
Universal, worldwide, you know my circle
Renegade, on the mic I might just murk you
Putting in that work, cause I do work, every verse is a virtue

The best liar told a lie inside a room full of liars
The lie was so exciting that all of the liars admired
When the truth walked in the building every liar retired
Deception was defeated and deceit became deleted
Uh, they mad cause they can't stop me
Cause I said fuck swag I got moxie
Lyrically ecstasy I got that oxy-contin poppin
They can't carbon copy or mock me
Reign, independent off the books
Off the chain off the hinge off the hooks
It's not a game, I'm not a rook
"Y'all Know The Name", you love the look, listen
 + You give me life and a loss of oxygen
You treat me like I was in love again
And I hold you tight, tight enough to know
That you are mine, I'd never let you go

And it's you I miss
And it's you I miss

So let it out
I let it out now
I let it out
I let it out now, now

And you speak to me behind your darkened stare
And you let me be as if I wasn't there

It seemed perfect, a concept free from any regret
Another couple based on teen sex
You eejit, true I was just like you
We couldn't be torn apart, you see we were just like glue

It's you I miss
And it's you I miss, oh-oh

So let it out
I let it out now
I let it out
I let it out now, now

It seemed perfect, a concept free from any regret
Another couple based on teen sex
You eejit, true I was just like you
We couldn't be torn apart, you see we were just like glue

Like glue, we're like glue, we're like glue
Like glue, we're like glue, we're like glue
Like glue, we're like glue, we're like glue
Like glue, we're like glue, we're like glue
Like glue, we're like glue, we're like glue
Like glue, we're like glue, we're like glue
Like glue, we're like glue, we're like glue
Like glue, we're like glue, we're like glue

So let it out
I let it out now
I let it out
I let it out now, now

It seemed perfect, a concept free from any regret
Another couple based on teen sex
You eejit, true I was just like you
We couldn't be torn apart, you see we were just like glueThis is the remix, Carlyyyyy

I want to smash your fears
And get drunken off your tears
Don't you share your smile with anyone else but me
I wanna touch your heart
I wanna crush it in my hands
Make you plead and cry, as you give up all the lies

We're not lovers, but more than friends
Put a flame to every single word you ever said
No more crying to get me through
I'll keep dancing 'til the morning with somebody new
Tonight, I'm getting over you

Tonight, I'm getting over you
Tonight, I'm getting over you
Tonight, I'm getting over you
Over you, over you

Stuck in a real bad dream
And man, it feels so new to me
Should be in your arms, but I'm begging at your feet
It's been a real hard night and I just hold my pillow tight
It won't love me back, no, it's not you and I

We're not lovers, but more than friends
Put a flame to every single word you ever said
No more crying to get me through
I'll keep dancing 'til the morning with somebody new
Tonight, I'm getting over you

Tonight, I'm getting over you
Tonight, I'm getting over you
Tonight, I'm getting over you
Over you, over you
Tonight, I'm getting over you
Tonight, I'm getting over you
Tonight, I'm getting over you
Over you, over you

We're not lovers, but more than friends
Put a flame to every single word you ever said
No more crying to get me through
I'll keep dancing 'til the morning with somebody new
Tonight, I'm getting over you

Tonight, I'm getting over
Meditate and do my yo-ger
Then I pull up to the club in a Rover
A celine bag on my shoulder
I said rrrrrr
Cock that, revolver
Rrrr-rrrr that's that nostal-ger
I said I'm number one, I'm a son a gun
And runner up is what they called ya
Ain't trying to be mean but, I am the queen, yuh
Ain't fuckin' with no fuck boys!
Get me get me, should've got me then
Cause I would wear 4 real and you would rock pretend
Yo, can I get another dose of my oxygen
Cause I been breathin' all this motherfuckin' toxin in!

Tonight, I'm getting over you
Tonight, I'm getting over you
Tonight, I'm getting over you
Over you, over you

We're not lovers, but more than friends
Put a flame to every single word you ever said
No more crying to get me through
I'll keep dancing 'til the morning with somebody new
Tonight, I'm getting over you


Pretty gang, Rich Gang, Young Money..Nicki Minaj..I see you Carly Let's get itI've been thinking a lot about
How when the furnace goes
It's the absence of heat that hurts more than the cold
And I got caught in the irony of walking alone
Down an entire block that's just funeral homes
And the ground below

Sad and sober, Sunday afternoon
Sad and sober, Sunday afternoon
You disappear in fragments and phases of the moon
Sad and sober, Sunday afternoon
You disappear in fragments and phases of the moon

I watched parts of you dissolve
Turn to ash and then get carried up
I watched your memory fade
Shadows burned into the wall
And no, I felt my lungs turn into atom bombs
Choke on the Florida heat until the oxygen's gone

Sad and sober, Sunday afternoon
You disappear in fragments and phases of the moon
Sad and sober, Sunday afternoon
You disappear in fragments and phases of the moon

Or an empty room
Or the twelve-bar blues
Or a light in June

You were a bandit, and I was a car wreck
You were the decades on my feet
I was under purple blankets
You were a bandit, and I was a car wreck
You were the rifle on the wall
And it was always gonna end
You were a bandit, and I was a car wreck
You were the false rain that falls
From a window AC unit
You were a bandit, and I was a car wreck
You were the rifle on the wall
And it was always gonna end like thisI pledge allegiance to myself
Food, shelter, and health
Let me find a beach full of seashells to sell
Put your oxygen mask on first before you offer me help
I've got receipts made of scar tissue
Got the vision of somebody going fishing in the dark
When I start up the motor, it still turns over
But nowadays, a little bit slower
Never been afraid of getting older
I'm much more nervous about these public servants
Kill the lights and shut the curtains
You ain't a real lion if you love the circus
Looking at myself like, "What's the purpose?"
That's when I started to hallucinate
Tryna touch the surface and recuperate
You should've seen the look on my face when I was losing my faith
Y'all got me feeling hesitation, embarrassment
I might be the last generation of grandparents
I know that I've been fortunate for all the opportunities
Disproportionately disappointed in the human beings
I get it, we're specks of dust
At the bus stop busking for extra crust
Like fuck it, you can sacrifice me to the weather
If you promise that you'll let my songs live forever

You're looking for a bag of tricks
But my love is like a stack of bricks
Cobblestones and untreated lumber
I'm a father of fists, strength in numbers
And when they come for my box of dreams
I'ma finally depart from this toxic scene
No posturing, just lots of self esteem
Got you feeling like the popular queen
This ain't magic, this is fabric
And it's the type that never requires patches
And it's the fire that illustrates with ashes
It's our life, it's nothing we can't manage
Lower the arrow and take a breath
I won't waste ammo aiming at the angel of death
I might have already left, but they hear me still
With my pale knuckle grip on a steering wheelIt's for real emcees only, nigga
Everybody on this mothafuckin' flow
This real shit right here
Lebowski hit 'em!

Gotta give it up 'cause it is a must plus
I'm fast like a rushed bus
On her ass we bust nuts
Then we smash past your city
Never last, the big bucks
I'ma gas this pair up
Whoop ass and kick dust
They try to talk tall but their money is straight dwarf
And you won't think it's funny when we pull up in the grey Porsche
We treat 'em like stray whores
We leavin' their face sore
Got the gun in the safe
Shoot from the waist and the case fall
Keep on testin' me especially when my ass be up on it
It'll be a death, defeat, don't mess with me
Killing off all opponents
Never slipping, never tripping off money, matterless moments
Will you take it or you'll leave it
If you'll leave it you don't want it
I'm a strange individual
Leaving you suckers to drown
The flow's continuous, when I begin to it
Chopping your bitch, it goes up for the pound
I cover the turf of the pelagic sound
I'ma diminish 'em off to the ground
We never knew gimmick, you know that we clowns
They all get with it when they hear the sound

Whoop! So jittery they think I'm back on it (back on it)
So shivery they be like "doggone it" (doggone it)
So quivery they freeze at that moment
No liberty for lil bitty pretenders that want it, guess what
Give it up 'cause I never let you down
Give it up 'cause I never let you down
Give it up 'cause I never let you down
Give it up 'cause I never let you down

This here'll put the desire in 'em
Light 'em up and put a fire in 'em
Don't nobody wanna openly worship the Devil
But know that I'm writing with him
Look at the way that I ride the rhythm
I put the virus inside the venom
I don't wanna call 'em pussy but I know what they eating
I see the vagina in 'em
I admit I'm off of my rocker with underlings
You've been warned! Call Ces (creamed corn)
We running things
You fly? Fucker be gone
It's not flapping a hundred wings
I'll snatch the mermaid from out bloody water and gut her clean
When I say I got it together
They say I'm insane - funny!
The city is no utopia, notice it ain't sunny
Like Philly, really get silly, they spaz and they brains runny
'Cause everybody keeps asking what's up with the strange money
I tell 'em it's nothing to it
And choreograph the murder
Tell Fyre to play the track
And ask Ubi to bag the burger
We eating, look at 'em sleeping
Now doobie sucker you supper
I tell 'em "welcome to Kansas City, duck motherfucker!"

So jittery they think I'm back on it (back on it)
So shivery they be like "doggone it" (doggone it)
So quivery they freeze at that moment
No liberty for lil bitty pretenders that want it, guess what
Give it up 'cause I never let you down
Give it up 'cause I never let you down
Give it up 'cause I never let you down
Give it up 'cause I never let you down

Stranger things have happened
Tech told 'em and now the channel in tune
Picked from the street and hit the beat, now the planet in doom
My cannon boom, if you can believe they put a man on the moon
Mission complete my landings aloe and lanolin smooth
Listen to me, oh there's so many other fish in the sea
From clown to shark so which fish are you fixing to be?
Drown in the dark or bathe in the light in the blistering heat
Of a thousand suns son 'cause it's all 7's and 6's to me
Felicity, the U-B-I be so promiscuous with
The gift that he been blessed with, Ces clips that he spit
With a stench of tree peace to McGillicuddy's lit
Up in penitentiary
Ces essentially, quintessentially crescendoing, I settle beef
Killa City could never Gepetto me
And you better believe that I'm changing in red and the green and you're never ahead of me
Man I'm a better when up in the mezzanine
In a settlement over the evergreen
And my medicine it is acetylene, huffing this oxygen
When I set it free, putting my enemies down on Benamine
And we ne'er gon' let ya
Live it down again, I'm gonna get ya
Nobody wanna Erica, they wanna Ke$ha
'Cause in America everybody is messed up
I came to raise the Midwest up
And do things with Strange and big Tecca
This'll be the first time the Ces heard
Pressure, give me that yessir!

Whoop! So jittery they think I'm back on it (back on it)
So shivery they be like "doggone it" (doggone it)
So quivery they freeze at that moment
No liberty for lil bitty pretenders that want it, guess what
Give it up 'cause I never let you down
Give it up 'cause I never let you down
Give it up 'cause I never let you down
Give it up 'cause I never let you down

You see me get money, honeys
Everything I want I really feel it
When a dude see cleavage funny
Dummy if you never heard of me - Tecca N9na's a beauty
Peep it
A lot of groupies need it
And you a chump if you don't like it
And give it up backwards say pu ti evig
You got a pootie, I leave it so juicy when I beat it
Feed it mooley and I eat it like sushi
Betta heat it, steam it
Making 'em crazy crazy
Never much to sway these ladies
If you talk about me to a bitch and she don't suck a dick
She gon' say she pay me
Wunderschön, Tech is second to none
Inadequate bums you come
But you niggas under crumbs
Dust specks
And you trippin' 'cause you know deep inside your fluffed ex fucked Tech
Paid Lebowski
Then wanted permission to suck Ces
Better give it up, check it, I'm bout' to rip it up
Tech impeccable, never no better flow
When I flip a cut everybody so nigga what evolution is big enough
To get you hickin' up when your bitch'll be licking dick and nut
Death'll be the only way you're cold
So sorry I had to give away your soul
Tecca N9na never ever give it up
For the crown better try him later hoes

Give it up 'cause I never let you down
Give it up 'cause I never let you down
Give it up 'cause I never let you downL-L-L-Lege Kale

I wrote this song for the moment that I'm on
When I won't have to say the words 'cause my fans just sing along
Kinda crazy, we work hard just to be lazy, I ate miles just to be Shady
Now I'm full, got that magic like McGrady
I won't have have to go on dates, women want to fornicate
I'm anemic, so I gotta eat that pussy like it's steak
Move, bitch, get out my way... heheh... like I'm Ludacris
Niggas talking bout how they get wet, but they computer fish
What the fuck you want? I got shit to do
I had a dream and a scheme where I put my momma in a penthouse, need that view
Got a whole team, yeah, they need that too, need them M's, nigga, Majin Buu
Quit my job, yeah, yeah, fuck Sue, I suggest you take a hike if you can't see all the shit I'm amounting to
I'm on top, rain check y'all like I'm out of stock
When your shit drops that is not the case, my shit drops like a Otterbox
I'm Frodo to these bros, Waldo to these hoes
So if you think you getting chose I'mma have to let you know- (You will not find me)

When I was young (Yeah), they told me don't look to the sun (Don't look to the sun)
You'll go blind, or maybe they were scared I'd find out that I could run (I'd find out that I could run)
Oxygen inside my lungs (Yeah) in a three-point stance (Three-point stance)
So when they shoot that fucking gun (You will not find me)

When my album drops- (You will not find me) (Drops! Yeah)
When I leave that dock- (You will not find me) (Dock! Yeah, yeah)
Punching in the clock- (You will not find me) (Clock! Yeah)
When they're kicking rocks- (You will not find-) (Yeah, yeah)

In high school, I wouldn't listen to Lil Wayne
'Cause money over bitches just seemed a little profane
Till I realized, all the girls that I liked were really bitches
So ever since that moment I've been rapping kinda different
Born on the 28th, I'm a Libra, play it safe
And kill all the competition, make sure no one gets to race
Like I said in my other song, boy, who the fuck are you?
Don't keep pillows on my bed so I don't get too comfortable
I don't owe you shit, ain't believe in me
Everybody wants you when your gold, we got that C3P
Gotta fight for your right like the Beastie Bs, angel in the dust like PCP
Tryin' to sell out in the MSG, tryin' to stay away from the MSG
Diabetes in my family, got to live to see a Grammy
Tried to shit on me but didn't wash your hands, so I ain't taking shit you hand me
That's my modus operandi, I'm a savage, call me Randy
Fill my cup, call me Stanley, due to proper planning- (You will not find me)Some parts of my brain are probably still sleeping
I wish I could tell but I'm probably still sleeping
I look to the window, I look through your eyes
I can see my reflection, but I can't close the blinds

It's like someone's determined to change how I think
But if I just close my eyes I'll wake from each dream

Would it let you down if we don't grow up?
Would it make you proud if we gave up?
What about anybody?
They're all just chasin' money
Would it let you down if we don't grow up?
Would it make you proud if we gave up?
What about anybody?
They're all just chasin' honey

If ever you want me, if ever you need me
I may not be conscious but baby I'm honest
I'll look to the mirror, I'll look through your heart
I can see good intentions but we tear them apart

It's like someone's determined to change how I think
But if I just close my eyes I'll wake from each dream

Would it let you down if we don't grow up?
Would it make you proud if we gave up?
What about anybody?
They're all just chasin' money
Would it let you down if we don't grow up?
Would it make you proud if we gave up?
What about anybody?
They're all just chasin' honey(s)

What's oxygen on the weekend?
Just caught a cold outside
But when I called you Monday
I needed you Sunday
I needed you on me

Would it let you down if we don't grow up?
Would it make you proud if we gave up?
What about anybody?
They're all just chasin' money
Would it let you down if we don't grow up?
Would it make you proud if we gave up?
What about anybody?
They're all just chasin' honey

But when I called you Monday
I needed you Sunday
I needed you on me50, uh
ScHoolboy Q
Haha

Smiling...?
Nigga you gon' make me Flip On You!
You gon' make me flip this knife out do some shit to you!
Nigga you gon' make me Flip On You!
Nigga you gon' make me-you gon' make me Flip On You!
Nigga you gon' make me Flip On You!
You gon make me pull the strap out, do some shit to you!
Nigga you gon' make me Flip On You!
Nigga you ain't gon' be moving when this clip is through!

Nigga, I'm the one that bought all them bitches out
Got a G-A-T this MVP don't run his mouth, nigga
You gon' make me fill this clip for you
You gon' make me unload then reload 'em number 2
Nigga, I've been known to get them Oxys off
I believe in God, but cross my heart this nine go off
Nigga, I'm from the Mecca of the Groove
The Hoover Crip, I grew up on Figg I had to dodge them County Blues
Live my life behind the rules
Running from the cops, smash the rocks up under my shoes
Spit out the eighth that once, hid in my face
Bounce spring over the gate, didn't get caught
I guess my escape, nigga was fate
I love the block and all the dogs that kept me safe
Now it's, back to adding, points to the crime rate
Get slumped in your drive way
You gon' make me hurt your boy
You gon' make me put that work in boy
You gon' make me get to murkin' boy


Focus on money, I'm in and out ass fast
She loosen up against the wall like a NASCAR crash
Got a bunch of enemies, I count my friends on one hand
Ghetto philosphy, watch me, I got a hundred scams
Like we could make a few dollars, that there a hundred grams
I got a gift, I communicate with the afterlife
Apparently, your bitch ass ain't acting right
Niggas killed your man, you ain't gon' get him back?
What? You is tired out? Why you ain't get around to that?
You wander, I travel, I have a destination
I'll be a street legend new version of Pappy Mason
My style? It'll never die, boy I'm immortal
You shoot me down, I'll get back up and keep coming for you
Man on fire, hitman for hire
Them niggas got happy they thought I was gon' retire
Now they bitch giving me head, I'm the man, a man admires
What's up?I'm not sure what it was

What's underneath, I think I'm on the way out
Take my pulse, spit directly in my mouth
Count the cracks that's in the pavement in a bathroom in a basement
I'm probably just a devil's form of laughs and entertainment
Save your moral panic for the preacher or the president
Or any of the other shit you babies think is relevant
Drifting, floating up the stream, eyes are just a sucker's screen
The Earth and how I see it are the rocks that I've been crushed between
Foggy little planet where your groping hands to touch a scream
Greener on the other side, how about nothing's green
Bashful baby boy, so distracted by my toys
Rode a tractor from Wyoming to Chicago, Illinois
On a carpet of the 50 states, part of me disintegrates
The only thing I'm left with is the part I can't articulate

You never thought about you only
You never had to worry about which part of you to show me
You're just as stupid as you've always been
Treat your stupid little problems like a molecule of oxygen
You're never getting better, you're addicted to the madness
You treat it like a muse, are you happy now, Travis?
I could go inside a window and disappear
Just observe, just overhear
If I was glass I'd revert back to sand
Scattered through the sea, I could pass through your hands
None of this will happen, nothing will ever
The things that I believe can never ever happen
I'm standing by a microphone and yelling at a wall
Pick a thousand names, you're still nobody at all

I'm not sure what it was
Was it the words of an angel
Or a devil in disguise?
I'm not sure what it was
Was it the words of an angel
Or a devil in disguise?
I'm not sure what it wasHow high do planes fly?
40.000 feet in the sky is how high
Is it the pressure 'cause I’m out of my mind
A compressed lack of oxygen making me high
And these nighttime plane movies
Are prompting sky musings
Life seems so confusing
Fear inducing
Tears producing
Maybe it's this mini wine
Maybe it’s this story line
Two people fall in love on the night of their lives
Never meet again 'til he’s married, has a wife
And now I think of all the people I've cared for
Did love pass me by when I had feelings I was scared of?
'Cause I feel so... when I should feel...
I feel so... when I should feel...
Stupid thoughts for a stupid girl!
Look out of your window, you’re on top of the world
23 years old and you’re acting like it’s over
Only over if we crash, hit the ground down below us
If we crash
If we crash
Imagine that
If we crash

I don't wanna land no more
Sink my feet into the sand no more
I'll float forever in the interim
No place in particular
No sink or swim
Just fly
I don't understand no more
I had life figured out before
Will my head stay up in the clouds when they open those dark and heavy metallic doors?
"20 minutes before we're back on the ground"
No, keep this thing going, turn this fucking thing around
"Ma'am, you need to wear your safety belt"
Well, wring it round my neck, maybe that will help
I’m sorry
I lost myself for a minute
Could I have a glass of water?

God
Is that you?
I guess I'm closer up here
I could really use some help
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
New phaseMany years before I kept track of the years I felt I would look back Otherwise why did I write down everything that entered my mind?
Check out these lines, like -
"I'm Syd Barrett and I'll swim to England in his clothes, in 20 holes"
How could I say at what point I would gain perspective let alone know I had it?
Survival by the soundtrack made of our short lives
Making sense of hologram ecology
I'll be up crying listening to Grace
And hiding in the pages adding up to me
Eternity
'til I leave
It's like a topography that is made from cartography of me,
All those feelings
Every day the bus stop was the size of the entire world
The ball that broke your tooth
And carving at me all the time was I had done you wrong
I hope I'm sorry
Certain times in our lives come to take up more space than others
And time's gonna take it's time
The Kennys said I broke in over the summer
It was the evening when he climbed that tree
I was afraid what he was doing inside so I followed him to stop a robbery
All along we're gonna feel some numbness
Oxymoron of our lives
Getting fed up by that hunger
Supersize we found inside
They will know it's real, our numbness
Catching up and climbing life
Speaking like a hug of thunder
Lit up by the lights at dusk outside
All along we're gonna feel some numbness
Oxymoron of our lives
Getting fed up by that hunger
Supersize we found inside
They will know us by our numbers
Catching up and climbing life
Speaking like a hug of thunder
Lit up by the lights at dusk outside
There was a military base across the street
We watch them training while we leaned
There was a military base across the street
We watch them training while we leaned
We watch them training while we leanedI need to get right
It's a long ride, um
The drugs help me hide
The drugs help me hide, oh

I need to confide
True love’s hard to find
I'll wait for her to come find me
I'll even pay the fines
I need to confide
True love’s hard to find
I'll wait for her to come find me
I'll even pay the fines

Okay, It's been a long ride
Still the beginning of the ride
I'm getting high before the flights
L.A.X. to the Chi
Memories on my mind
Been reflecting on my life
Something don't feel right
Down deep inside, I'm scared of my own demise
I need to confide to the love of my life, life
It's getting dark outside
It’s getting darker inside
You’re the only home in sight
I need a place to cry

I need to confide
True love's hard to find
I’ll wait for her to come find me
I'll even pay the fines
I need to confide
True love's hard to find
I'll wait for her to come find me
I’ll even pay the fines

I'm willing to pay the price for you to stay the night
Bitch, you can't leave my side, the only home in sight
These pills make me roll like dice
Converse about drugs, I'm only tryna break the ice
Bleeding out, feel like a lost cause
Oxycodone until I lockjaw
I need to clean my act up, where's the Lysol?
I been pouring Actavis to sad songs
Who are you to tell me I'm wrong?
I'm heading out of space, I blast off
They wonder why I'm gone for so long
Still don't know where I belong

I need to confide
True love's hard to find
I'll wait for her to come find me
I'll even pay the fines
I need to confide
True love's hard to find
I'll wait for her to come find me
I'll even pay the finesWith ticking womb of wedlock
Soaking blood through a dogwood lung
The unhinged cull of oxygen
How have I been stuck here for so long?
Drained out a tunnel in an albatross
Now I’m haunted by the bird
Her hounds left tracks on my breath
Until I had no more air left

Selling out an old soul for sales
I am caught up in the guilt
Making a living off of drowning
Leaves me one step in the wrong
Have I been stuck here for so long?

With broken works on love loss
Collecting earth from ground alone
On my soft slide into torch songs
How have I been stuck here for so long?

Have I been stuck here for so long?
Have I been stuck here for so long?

The winding love of life lost
No longer haunted by the thought
That every mark I make on emeralds are now
One step in the wrong
One step in the wrong
One step in the wrong

I’m alright, it’s time I moved onFeels familiar
When the knife gets buried into my beating heart
Then I come to
Bloody, bruised, and cursing my own naiveté
I was on an empty beach
On a screaming all-time low
I remember meeting you and sharing all these injustices
Let me help she said

I shoulda known better
I know
I shoulda known better
Yeah I know

I was your friend and ended up your victim, victim
I was your friend and ended up your victim, victim
Yeah

Please release me
Helping hands aren't supposed to cut off my oxygen
And why won't you hear me
When I'm screaming at the top of my voice?
Now I remember why I'm alone

I shoulda known better
I know
I shoulda known better
Yeah I know

I was your friend and ended up your victim, victim
I was your friend and ended up your victim, victim

'Cause you're a, a glitterbomb
('Cause you're a) a glitterbomb
There's only you and I in here
And one of us is acting crazy
There's only you and I in here
And one of us...(one of us)

I was your friend and ended up your victim, yeah
I ended up your victim
I was your friend and ended up your victim, victim

'Cause you're a, a glitterbomb
('Cause you're a) a glitterbombI walked into a life of tainted dreams and gumball machines
Nestled between the window seat and the drain of the main stream
Watching chaotic daylight stand stern on horizon's table
Mock the moon with liquidated stars lapped from a ladle
Looking glass has limited view when you're trapped in a label
Still borns' turned action figures when they're stacked in a cradle
Thorough bred disorientated from running laps in a stable
Loss of direction sparks the search for a map in the fable
Leave me to hunt for scavengers with eye patches and peg legs
Use planks to punish perpetrators so the seas will stay fed
I taught that snake in the grass to roll over and play dead
When the seed of the righteous is planted in belly of hybrid companion
They fled with torn a silver spoon and lips grasped
Cherishing the John Hancock or some jock on your lips clasped
Find your own only path this is my territory to tell a story
Tailored in three pieces flag, oxygen and thesis
I'm nursed by the bosom of a Columbus compass
Since birth walking the line of life of rhyme to see which will die first
It took me awhile to realise the fact that I'm cursed
With the given gift of anointing so only the truth can be dispersed

It disappoints that conjoint twins are more individuals than most
So I hunt the industry as a phantom until all my words become ghost
Celestial clockwork is an elixir
Simplifying in obscure picture
So sip the defiled mixture
Concocted by purity's twisted sister 
Now the trees are more beautiful on this side of the mountain
Plush springs run in abundance I drink direct from the fountain
But the dream was opaque the stream was perfectly clear
That an acute disorder of paradise would exist if I die here
So lie down your pitch forks and raise your pins to the clouds
Till they're struck twice by lightning sparking styles to move crowds
Fish in the pond can't understand the concept of dry land
So they swim aimlessly unbeknown to the purpose of which I stand
Don't ask a question, if you don't want the answer given
Time is an illustrious liquor if the candle ceases to flicker
Driven to a life of constant death no choice but one
Children rise from the shine hide in the shade to evade the rays of the sun
Glaciers become oceans and boulders become bevels
Icons become gods and the birth of a spawn is the birth of a devil
Individual once realised is the birth of a rebel
When I've dug my own depth in your faith rest in a shovel
The pedestal is crowed over bearing with trinkets a silver lined sink
Which drown me in sounds of de-evolution and if it's not your calling to be enlaced with the evolving of hip-hop
Then stop is the inevitable solution

I'll work harder, Amy I'll work harder
I promise I'll be better
Better isn't good enough
I don't think you'll ever be good enough
You don't have it
I know it's a hard thing to hear
And it's not a pleasant thing to say
But it's the truth
And I'm saving you a lot of time and pain by saying it to you now
I don't want to be the best ×4
Swang, and swang, and swang to the left
Pop-Pop my trunk and... Pi-Town, 3.14 City !

Il m'faut d'la fraîche pour n'plus avoir à m'soucier de
C'que l'destin nous a réservé
A force, de célébrer j'ai souvent oublié que
J'passe mon temps à roupiller le
Matin 'vec des catins ou des groupies dégueu
Faut que j'arrête les bêtises, le Seigneur sait
Que j'suis tout l'temps high mais, bon
Faut qu'je taille avant que s'amènent les dé-kis
Risqué, les souris dramatisent le fait que
L'chat passe sa soirée à les pister
Listés, pleins se régalent mais, gros
Ce n'est qu'du crari, ils n'ont rien de spécial
Et j'tourne et tourne et tourne et tourne en rond
Comme si j'étais paumé sur le rond point de l’Étoile
J'aime finir ivre dans de lourds DOM-TOM
File-moi les clefs d'ta caisse que je cruise comme Tom
J'passerai la nuit à m'oxyder, obligé
Trop d'clichés dans mon 3.14 City
 ×4
Swang, and swang, and swang to the left
Pop-Pop my trunk and... Pi-Town, 3.14 City !

File-moi un rre-ve que je décolle, frère
J'me sens plus près d'la maison de retraite que de l'école
Tous les soirs j'me bousille mais je n'regrette que de vrais torts
Acteur de ma vie avant qu'on me jette dans le décor
J'dois éviter le mesquin, dans ce film ton énigme c'est le destin
Peut-être est-ce Dieu qui le rédige et nous prédit peu de belles fins
Mes couplets j'les ai trouvé en route
Le souffle d'un taureau, honte de tapin avec des sous-vêtements rouges
Tu vois le topo, mec, on roule tricards en coupé dans l'hood
Salaire de smicard avec un lifestyle de courtier en bourse
C'est pour mes lèves-tard trop dégoûtés
Par les journées sans flouze
On veut l'milliard mais je n'vois que quelques dinars
Sous le coussin, genre camouflés en douce
J'suis c'prisonnier du ciment, tu devrais parler gentiment
Tranquillement, j'ride avec des meufs que j'ai dragué en sifflant
De temps il m'reste peu à vivre, j'laisse mon esprit s'évader
J'écris des pavés, inspiré par ceux d'ma ville
 ×4
Swang, and swang, and swang to the left
Pop-Pop my trunk and... Pi-Town, 3.14 City !So feel that cardiac arrest…
CPR
They press…
On your chest to beat the heart again…
And if you flat line
Defibrillators
And operating
Can you resurrect you
When life is fleetin'
With every breath
You just cheated death
And now got away with it…

Better than I ever been
A letterman
Demented with the pen again
And venomous
I’m comin' for the pennant
Like a veteran
I enter my element
Then I send-it for
The hell of it
The rhetoric's irrelevant
But still I be developing
It’s evident if you look at the evidence
Cause everytime I get up on the mic I've been ahead of em'
So fuck it
I'ma never quit
The benefits are eminent-
I'm comin' for the mother fucking throne, BITCH
I go harder
Than most with, this
Psychosis
Hydro spit
My flow is
Reversing
Osmosis
I suppose that
These vocals
Are super human
Like Clark Kent
In his bifocals
So die dodos
And suck on these
Dragon Balls
Bitch I'm Goku
I spit fire
Like C-0-2
That beat produced
Is heat-
So I come with-an urgency
When I spit
And I hurt a beat
Till it's burned
To the third degree
What occurred to me-
When I came to the murder scene
Was emergency surgery
In the bed of hospitals
Gettin’ hospice
You’re seen by doctors
Then put on oxygen
Run amok
While your family's watching
They pull the plug
And your heart is stopping

So feel that cardiac arrest…
CPR
They press…
On your chest to beat the heart again…
And if you flat line
Defibrillators
And operating
Can you resurrect you
When life is fleetin’
With every breath
You just cheated death
And now got away with it…

That rigamortis
Is too sadistic-
And I'm futuristic
Like Rick and Morty
When I'm sipping liquor
And, I'm drinking forties
But the story ends
When that kid’s aborted-
So hasta la vista
Bitch, I'm not teacher
But I could show you
How to swing for the bleachers
Cause all I ever did
Was be competitive
And use adrenaline
To make them benjamins
Haters they be, yellin' for help again
Soon as the alpha male, alchemist
Come in with the mal intent
Malcolm X
When I murder alphabets
Falcon X
Rocket ship
When I'm droppin'-the- bomb like Sadam in this bitch
Noxious toxins are shockin'-
The Metropolis
Call your congressman
See I just go and go and go
I make dough
I might fuck around and tell her she's a hoe
Unh
You bitches ain't even close to the level I'm at
And you'll never be that
In fact
I be the illest to rap
So I rap and I rap
Like a rabbit
I'm fast
When I slam on the gas
And I'm lappin' em'
Been a fat minute
But I'm back winnin'
Bad business?-
I'm not havin' it
The antagonist
Naggin' a bit
Classes of undergraduate-
Accident
I might crash
When da tracks spinnin'-
Lot of people told me
I would never be the main event
So I just do my duty
Take my pen
And make rap great again

So feel that cardiac arrest…
CPR
They press…
On your chest to beat the heart again…
And if you flat line
Defibrillators
And operating
Can you resurrect you
When life is fleetin'
With every breath
You just cheated death
And now got away with it…Ils ont tenté de m'interroger mais je nie
Je n'ai jamais crié défaite, j'suis pas du genre à gémir
Ils ont tenté de m'enterrer mais j'suis une graine de génie
J'ai n'ai que ma fierté, mon savoir et mon drapeau d'Algérie
Jamais je n'ai nié mon appartenance
Jamais je n'ai cessé d'm'oxygener d'hayssonnances
Quitte à courir à ma perte avec pertinence
On est dans la partie même les mauvais garçon dansent
Calibre à l'abdomen, sers de la gl'Hayce au boss
(Les mauvais garçons dansent)
On s'en fiche d'être beau gosse
(Les mauvais garçons dansent)
Venus de loin, le ghetto nous éduqua tous malgré nos différences
(Les mauvais garçons dansent)
 (x2)
J'vais danser jusqu'a demain
Mes bikos, blakos, blankos, lokos vont danser jusqu'a demain
(Les mauvais garçons dansent)
Loka, je te prends par la main
Tu sais déjà qu'nous partirons ensemble au petit matin

Ce soir on oublie la street, on s'amuse un peu
On oublie la street on s'amuse un peu
Balenciaga, Louboutin, champagne et joints d'beuh
Ce soir on oublie la street, on s'amuse un peu
On oublie la street, on s'amuse un peu
On oublie la street, on s'amuse un peu

Suite aux Four Seasons, ma bitch est fraîche
Cette nuit j'm'appelle Stevens à cause d'une fiche de recherche
Mauvais garçon sur la piste avec une whisky sec
Laisse-moi kiffer la musique, représenter le 17
Détendez-vous, j'viens m'éclater pas montrer l'biceps
À chaque fois qu'elles entendent mon blase, elles demandent du sexe
J'tiens le mur depuis des années, j'veux plus voir d'misère
J'veux visiter la planète et changer d'hémisphère
Génération d'hommes élevés par des femmes
Génération de femmes qui s'assument comme des hommes
Ayant du mal à distinguer la lumière des flammes
Génération qui refuse de recevoir des ordres
Génération de free-lance, de province ou d'Paname
Cette semaine j'fais des dollars, samedi soir, je danse
C'est moi j'finance, range ton oseille caraï
On est pas bons qu'à racailler, les mauvais garçons dansent
 (x2)
J'vais danser jusqu'a demain
Mes bikos, blakos, blankos, lokos vont danser jusqu'a demain
(Les mauvais garçons dansent)
Loka, je te prends par la main
Tu sais déjà qu'nous partirons ensemble au petit matin

Ce soir on oublie la street, on s'amuse un peu
On oublie la street on s'amuse un peu
Balenciaga, Louboutin, champagne et joints d'beuh
Ce soir on oublie la street, on s'amuse un peu
On oublie la street, on s'amuse un peu
On oublie la street, on s'amuse un peu

Les mauvais garçons dansent
Les mauvais garçons dansent
Les mauvais garçons dansent
Les mauvais garçons dansent
Les mauvais garçons dansent

Ce soir on oublie la street, on s'amuse un peu
On oublie la street on s'amuse un peu
Balenciaga, Louboutin, champagne et joints d'beuh
Ce soir on oublie la street, on s'amuse un peu
On oublie la street, on s'amuse un peu
On oublie la street, on s'amuse un peuWhoa, whoa
Whoa, whoa
Hope I got enough oxygen for this
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Let's uh, let's see
Whoa

How do it feel when you make it?
Is every day just another vacation?
Livin' needs no reason, just like seasons, they keep changin'
Have you seen the people's faces when you take away their pain?
That shit is prettier than any picture Monet could've painted
I, swear to God I never could've saw this happenin'
You was, you was rappin' and your mind started unravellin'
You back again with complications, that was then, this is now
You was on your way out, you stayed up and turned that shit around
Pittsburgh is a little town, you made it out of (Yeah)
Look at all these things you did, are you not proud of
What you accomplished?
Was success everything that you wanted?
Are you bein' honest with yourself? (Yeah)
How you doin'? How's your health? (Yeah)
Well, I'm fine (Fine)
I left the past behind (Behind)
I'm only an architect, the world is just design
I don't mind all of the rumors, I'm just fine bein' a loser
Sit behind my own computer
It's divine, it's Hallelujah on my mind (Whoa, whoa, whoa)
You need to let it all play out
The world is tryna hold you back, you found another way out
See the signs (Signs)
'Cause they're right in front your face
You got the light inside you, please don't let it go to waste (Whoa)

Don't waste your time here
You don't got time to lose
Walk along the chosen road
On your own
Please free your mind here
You got a mind to lose
Will you make love to my dirty soul? (Make love)
Whoa (Will you make love, girl?)
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
Whoa, whoa
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
Whoa, whoa-oh-oh

Yeah
Everybody got opinions when you make millions
All God's children, let me keep livin'
I've been keepin' it real (Real)
I can't sleep without pills (Pills)
Will it all go wrong? (Will it all go wrong?)
What'd you visualize every single time that you made them songs? (You made them songs)
Can you just hold on? (Hold on)
Yeah
Havin' nightmares from the bottom (Bottom)
Heaven is for legends, Hell is Hell for the forgotten (Whoa, whoa)
I've been dealin' with some problems, I've been longin' for your love (Love)
Crazy, selfish, doin' drugs (Drugs)
Check off all of the above, yeah (Whoa)
They told me, "Get it together, 'cause God is waitin' for you" (Waitin')
Your life will never be normal, I got some paper for you (Money)
Just respect who you are, or they gonna take that from you (They gon' take it)
Everybody gotta die, that shit just make you mortal

Don't waste your time here (Whoa, whoa)
Walk along the chosen road
Walk along the chosen road, yeah
Please free your mind here
Go ahead and free your mind
Will you make love to my dirty soul? (Said, will you make love?)
Oh (Will, will, will you make love?)
Ooh (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)
I've been a fool, take me home
Take me back home
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh (Fuck the rules, make your own)
Make your own
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Whoa, ooh-ooh-ooh-oohBefore the Red Sea flood beneath a cornhusk dawn
We bid the Elkhorn run to a locomotive psalm
Until the pale horse comes along a rail withdrawn
Clanging loudward on, clanging loudward on
We bid the Elkhorn run until the red cow comes
I was a steadfast son, with thoughts and hooves divided
And on the arid ground of thirsty Zion’s hill
Cold waters tumbled down where the staff of Moses fell
What Pharaoh spell, what picture holds us now?
Behold the snake of brass, the wind was blowing backwards
Behold a golden calf, blighted leaves of Law
O for the land we knew before the frogs withdrew
In the fragrant pomegranate blooms where the tender locust flew
Behind the milk-white tombs, behind the milk-tank cars
We passed the North Platte yard on silver tracks unguarded
Out past the sambar herds, out to the outcast birds
In the rust of open wagons, Lo! the Blessed Virgin’s likeness
We watched the green figs fall from the Nebraska sky
How much were even passive things responsive to our watchful eye!
And let there be no doubt: so many figs and pictures hold us
In the wells of livestock vans with shells and garden sands
Iron mixed with oxygen as per the laws of chemistry and chance
A shape was roughly human, it was only roughly human
Apparition eyes apparition eyes Knock Apparition Knock eyes apparition eyes
Was he a violent man? Well, he had his genocidal moments...
Or penned by fiction’s hand? To whom could that phrase not apply?
How much are even lifeless sounds responsive to our listening ear!
What Pharoah now, what Paroah now, or Jew or picture holds us here?I know you think I'm kinda strange
Sitting in this microwave
A party trick no one sees
Victim of a thought disease
Give me just a minute
Give me just a minute
Baby please, don't hang around
I don't mean to bring you down
Give me just a minute
Found my limit now

Am I gonna get better, better?
Am I gonna get better, better?
Because this feels like this might last forever
Will I ever get better?

War is raging in my head
Don't know which side wants me dead
Even if I've lost the fight
You should'a seen the other guy
Give me just a minute
Found my limit now

Am I gonna get better, better?
Am I gonna get better, better?
Because this feels like this might last forever

Will I ever get out of this thing?
A serious lack of oxygen
My poor brain
Eating me from the inside
All out of love
Masks will fall from above
Please attach your own
Before dealing with the others
Oh, oh, oh, oh

Will I ever get better, better?
Will I ever get better, better?
Because this feels like this might last forever
Will I ever get?
Will I ever get?Go away, be extinct, disappear, float on
Go away, be extinct, disappear, float on
Go away, be extinct, disappear, float on
Go away, be extinct, disappear, float on

Yea as we walk through the valley of the shadow of death
We shall fear no evil
For we are the most evil motherfuckers in whatever valley we choose to occupy
Gentrify, overtake or drunkenly speed through
And it's we, the hitchhikers with tired thumbs
Often greeted by middle fingers, imagery lingered as the tires spun (it's tiresome)
Now conserve your energy and lay face-down in the waterways
Seek guidance from the sirens calling out to you from those watery graves
Bodies are on display, bloated and holding their crown jewels
Instead of flotation devices, they decided the house rules didn't apply to them
Got baptised in the name of Neptune and then died for him
When the ice was thin, dead man's float for those who don't like to swim
Don't fret cause help is on its way, it'll be here any day
Just stay still and do nothing buddy, remain faithful, you're gonna be saved
And when you meet your maker you can explain
How there was a cemetery of support behind every wager that you placed
All the chorus of every deceased beast that came before is sweetly saying
"We all float down here and wait for riptide to sweep us away"
To the valley of the shadow where we shall fear no evil
For we are so cerebral, we, the ghost people
With the poke of a needle, pop of a pill, we, the post-survivalists
Holding onto the steeple like a lightning rod to show that we'd die for this
It's been said "faith could move a mountain"
Faith couldn't even move low-income families away from Biblical floods when they were all drowning
There's not a doubt in my mind and there's not a cloud in the sky
There’s just contaminated rivers filled with waterlogged subordinates floating on by
Float on
Swimming through iron limbs of the knighted stiffs
The skeletal remains of false praise, the slow decay of yesterday's recycled gifts
They're drowning in sorrow 'cause they pray with clenched fists
Shamed by the broken promise of tomorrow, the guilt sticks to the ribs
And it's ageless, and it's ancient, and it ain't shit
When compared to the present, so all hail the king
While the paupers and peasants return to the so-called essence
The war, the famine, the death, the pestilence
Float on

Float on, float on
Float on, float on

As I proceed to finger the prints
The worst of luck ain't always bestowed upon the old and weak
We stick em, hahaha, stick em where the ocean's deep
Go to sleep young one, have sweet dreams of someone
That you'll never meet, but you'll speak of often whenever you talk in tongues
The coffin comes in the form of a canoe, no paddle
No info, no manual, live slow, don't be so quick to storm the castle
Pack survival kits, put an oxygen mask inside the tackle box
Your limbs and abdomen will sense when the pressure of the cabin drops
Shut up when the captain talks, the secret of the enlightened
Is to preach against whatever it is they practice in the dark
We're all born free, we die by the shackles we adopt
Enjoy your buoyancy, right up until the very last drop
The dead man's float, the deadpan joke
The cold touch of a stranger, the left hand stroke
There's no right hand man, the bedpans spill, the dead man's still
Face-down in his own waste, while we chase
A shadow in the gallows of the valley of death
Where we shall fear no evil for as long as we can hold our breath
Float onI'mma pay check checka, homewrecka
Somethin' like an open panel leather in cold weather with no sweater
No cheddar is no pleasure
He won't even get to eat the box if it gets wetter
See an opportunity to hop if the chips better
But I ain't a fat bitch, I'mma go getta
Let a chick come to war, I'mma go get her
And feed her ass to my bitches like old dinner
Right off the bat I got ya nigga pullin' shit outta hat
Cuz I can look em in the face while I'm arching my back
Check his microphone
Suck the gristle off his bone
Like tryna quench your thirst to get your hands on his phone
That I don't condone
He's fucked up he ain't right
And a bitch is prone to lay back and take pipe
Fuck the drama I'm too pretty for a fist fight
Keep my money comin' and I keep all of my lips tight

Your tonque is sharp
But I miss the taste of it
(They be puttin' up the digits
If he if he wanna hit it
If he if he wanna hit it
If he if he wanna hit it)
You say time heals
There's not enough of it
(be puttin' up the digits
If he if he wanna hit it
If he if he wanna hit it
If he if he wanna hit it)

I be takin' brother's cousin's uncles like the war in Iraq
I eat his cabbage like a savage then I'm sending it back
To his wife you ain't a lot of oxygen in his wallet
If you tryna fuck with Banks you better make a deposit
I be herpin' niggas early like they tryna cop Supreme hats
But I do switch up for the buck like homie let me see that
Always strap up for the fuck he could be where disease at
And a dude like us he can touch but I ain't tryna conceive that
You got them demons in you semen Nigga keep that
One drop of that white stuff can severly fuck my life up
And you know I keep my site up
And all I see is fetty
No I don't need no babies and no rabies in my belly
Adoption ain't an option; strap up or pack up
Try somethin' slick and get your dick hacked up
So you can either hit the door in peace
Or watchin' me hit the floor in pieces, believe this

Pussy be the x, but I don't pop pills
I put it on his top lip like "Got milk?"
Wetter than the sea a nigga might need gills
The type of shit that make a dude wanna pay bills
Next thing you know he got me written in his will
And I'm waiting on the day that I can come off with the mill
Niggas offer me shit like they all a bunch of Buddhists
But I ain't a golddigger
I'm a fuckin' opportunistMy diamonds are drippin' yours don't
You say you gon' fuck but she won't
My plug got it boomin' back home
I go stuntin' just flooded the moon
Boom, boom, boom
Made the Audi zoom
Boom, boom, boom
Made the Audi zoom
My diamonds are drippin' yours don't
You say you gon' fuck but she won't
My plug got it boomin' back home
I go stuntin' just flooded the moon
Boom, boom, boom
Made the Audi zoom
Boom, boom, boom
Made the Audi zoom

Big ol' dick extended, come in hot we hittin' shit
Poppin' oxys they all blues, bitch I'm with the shits
All these Robins, got bankrolls Margiela on my toes
Pussy open up the pit and blood gon' hit the floor
Pull up flexin' BOOM BOOM BOOM
Come meet my A.K boy
You gon' hear the Uzi drop the bodies pussy boy
I can pull up, foreign coupe
Your bitches they love me, it's true
Six figures extended are new
Remixing your pint, you drink glue

My diamonds are drippin' yours don't
You say you gon' fuck but she won't
My plug got it boomin' back home
I go stuntin' just flooded the moon
Boom, boom, boom
Made the Audi zoom
Boom, boom, boom
Made the Audi zoom

Came from the dirt and now we boomin' through the city boy
Hating on me but you still the one listening to my C.D boy
You see me boy, wanna be me boy
Fat Nick on this thing they get you lit for your talkin' and bitching lil' boy
I wanna know what you got in your soda
That got you stuck on your sofa
Pull out the dick out the holster
Pull up in a Range Rover
Still got the devil on my shoulder, yeah
Get out my face and move over, yeah
I don't got time for these rappers no more
Cause these rappers ain't paying homage to my flow

My diamonds are drippin' yours don't
You say you gon' fuck but she won't
My plug got it boomin' back home
I go stuntin' just flooded the moon
Boom, boom, boom
Made the Audi zoom
Boom, boom, boom
Made the Audi zoom

My diamonds are drippin' yours don't
You say you gon' fuck but she won't
My plug got it boomin' back home
I go stuntin' just flooded the moon
Boom, boom, boom
Made the Audi zoom
Boom, boom, boom
Made the Audi zoomFake
I'm just a puppet in your play
You pull the strings and I obey
High, that oxytocin hit me just right there
It's counterfeit
Zombie, zombie, could it be a hex?
Got me, got me, you took another victim
Mercy, mercy, put me in check
With your hands wrapped 'round my neck

I can't breathe at the thought of you
It's a telekinetic issue
Set me free, I've been caught in you
Overcome with a heartsick voodoo
It's tele-tele-e-e-kinetic
Tele-tele-e-e-kinetic
Tele-tele-e-e-kinetic
Tele-tele-e-e-kinetic

I found my role in a tragedy
I lost my soul in the make-believe
Just a doll with your threads sewn into me
Paralysed when you finally cut the strings
So stick your pins in the effigy
Run my life 'til you rip the seams
Build it up in a technicolour dream
A prisoner just for you, now set me free

I can't breathe at the thought of you
It's a telekinetic issue
Set me free, I've been caught in you
Overcome with a heartsick voodoo
It's tele-tele-e-e-kinetic
Tele-tele-e-e-kinetic
Tele-tele-e-e-kinetic
Tele-tele-e-e-kinetic

I'm a fool again, you got inside
It's gonna pull me in
I fell for this lie
Serotonin
I'm coming down from this high
A puppet inside and you're the reason
You take my control
Mind, body and soul
In this lie
(Lie lie lie lie lie)

I can't breathe at the thought of you
It's a telekinetic issue
Set me free, I've been caught in you
Overcome with a heartsick voodoo
It's tele-tele-e-e-kinetic
Tele-tele-e-e-kinetic
Tele-tele-e-e-kinetic
Tele-tele-e-e-kineticI'll break the silence
And watch it fall to pieces
The aftermath of passive violence
The he said that she said she did

And oh
I got a feeling I think you should know
I'm trying to find hope, there's nothing left to hold
I'm stuck down here in this hole, I'll dig my way out

I'll stand just like a statue, just like you
Acting like the sky's just about to fall
With everything I can't do, I can't move
In the end I'll find my way back home
(Find myself at home)
Just say something
Don't leave me here with nothing
I know I deserve more than this
Self destruction, I'll think 'til I can't function
I should have seen it coming to this

They say it's not having this
And you're one shot till it's all over
Say it, I just want out
Just let your words wash over me

And oh, a sinking feeling
The flash fire's gone out
I'm trying to find hope, there's nothing left to hold
I'm stuck down here in this hole, I'll dig my way out

I'll stand just like a statue, just like you
Acting like the sky's just about to fall
With everything I can't do, I can't move
In the end I'll find my way back home
(Find myself at home)
Just say something, don't leave me here with nothing
I know I deserve more than this
Self destruction, I'll think 'til I can't function
I should have seen it coming to this

And every second I breathe, I'm coming closer
With every day that I see, I'm getting older
With every step that I take, I'm moving further
Away from what I am, and who I was
Let go of yourself, like you let go of me
(And every second I breathe, I'm coming closer)
You were my oxygen, and now it's hard to breathe
(With every day that I see, I'm getting older)
This is the final page, so now I'll set you free
(With every step that I take, I'm moving further)
You were my everything, I was your empathy
(Away from what I am, and who I was)
I'll take the blame if you take my conscience
Let go of yourself, like you let go of me
(And every second I breathe, I'm coming closer)
I'll take the blame if you take my conscience
You were my oxygen, and now it's hard to breathe
(With every day that I see, I'm getting older)
I'll take the blame if you take my conscience
This is the final page, so now I'll set you free
(With every step that I'm take, I'm moving further)
I'll take the blame if you take my conscience
You were my everything, I was your empathy
(Away from what I am, and who I was)

I'll stand just like a statue, just like you
Acting like the sky's just about to fall
With everything I can't do, I can't move
In the end I'll find my way back home

Just say something, don't leave me here with nothing
I know I deserve more than this
Self destruction, I'll think 'til I can't function
I should have seen it coming to this

I'll take the blame if you take my conscience
Let go of yourself, like you let go of me
(And every second I breathe, I'm coming closer)
I'll take the blame if you take my conscience
You were my oxygen, and now it's hard to breathe
(With every day that I see, I'm getting older)
I'll take the blame if you take my conscience
This is the final page, so now I'll set you free
(With every step that I take, I'm moving further)
I'll take the blame if you take my conscience
You were my everything, I was your empathy
(Away from what I am, and who I was)
Take the blame if you take my conscience
(Let go of yourself, like you let go of me)
(And every second I breathe, I'm coming closer)
I'll take the blame if you take my conscience
(You were my oxygen, and now it's hard to breathe)
(With every day that I see, I'm getting older)
I'll take the blame if you take my conscience
(This is the final page, so now I'll set you free)
(With every step that I'm take, I'm moving further)
(You were my everything, I was your empathy)
(Away from what I am, and who I was)

Let go of yourself, like you let go of me
You were my oxygen, and now it's hard to breathe
This is the final phase, so now I'll set you free
You were my everything, I was your empathyLet me test your cool, can you take a stroke or two?
It's adult swim when I go up in, until the oxygen is through
Put away your cool, spend the day in your pool
It's adult swim when I go up in it when we're lost in your world
Run it back, let me test your cool, can you take a stroke or two?
It's adult swim when I go up in, until the oxygen is through
Put away that cool, yeah, spend a day in your pool, girl
It's adult swim, if I drown in it, I'll be lost in your world, oh
Down, down, baby, oh, girl I don't wanna float
Deep sea, baby, soaking everywhere she go
Down, down, baby, oh, there goes another, oh
Squeeze both legs and oh, she'll never let me go

Got a thing for the nasty type today
Got a thing for the classy type today
Say she love it from the back or side
But hold back sometimes cause it be passin' by her ribs
I don't care if she going both ways
I don't care if her boyfriend is mad
Sittin' here with the noise in the room
Guaranteed that she gonna have a splash
Sundresses in the moonlight
Skinny dipping when the moon right, uh
Somebody better call a life guard
Cause I'm liable to need revival
Resuscitated nigga, let me lay up with you
When I'm going, hope you got a life saver with you
Ride with a nigga, just fly lil nigga and
Ya'll not like you got flight bookin' issues, hold up
Continue, wild lil nigga finna drown in a minute
Lookin' like Skye Townsend, I'm flyin' in it
Have you ever seen a fountain or pool this real?
Any deeper then I'm going need scuba gear
Kinda sleepy cause I'm deep and I ain't cold or nothin'
Kinda sleepy cuz I'm deep and I can show you something
Write a poem or somethin, kiss you on the stomach
Either way you wet, I got the pool this summer

Let me test your cool, can you take a stroke or two?
It's adult swim when I go up in, until the oxygen is through
Put away your cool, spend the day in your pool
It's adult swim when I go up in it when we're lost in your world
Run it back, let me test your cool, can you take a stroke or two?
It's adult swim when I go up in, until the oxygen is through
Put away that cool, yeah, spend a day in your pool, girl
It's adult swim, if I drown in it, I'll be lost in your world, oh
Down, down, baby, oh, girl I don't wanna float
Deep sea, baby, soaking everywhere she go
Down, down, baby, oh, there goes another, oh
Squeeze both legs and oh, she'll never let me go
Down, down, down, now, hey

Walk tall with your chest out
Paint your lips with the ruby
Tell Puff you ain't walking for the cheesecake
It's okay to be bougie
Six inch heels, when you step out
If they a knife, you an UZI
Tell Khaled you the best now
It's okay to be bougie

I sent a text message to your fine ass
You left a wet spot to remind that
Hm, slow whine and rewind that
Now forever on your mind, let me find out, hm, shit
Evacuate the scene by that last scream
Cause she know it's wash day and these her last jeans
Turn the pool to a lake if it gotta be
And I keep her wheels turnin' 'til she tired of me, dive with me

Walk tall with your chest out
Paint your lips with the ruby
Tell Puff you ain't walking for the cheesecake
It's okay to be bougie
Six inch heels, when you step out
If they a knife, you an UZI
Tell Khaled you the best now
It's okay to be bougie

It don't matter, it don't matter
It's okay to be bougie
It don't matter, it don't matter
I don't mind if you bougieSome people say it's folly, but I'd rather have the lolly
With money, you can make a smash
There is nothing quite as wonderful as money, money, money, money
There is nothing like a newly minted pound
(Money, money, money, money)
Everyone must hanker for the butchness of a banker
It's accountancy that makes the world go 'round, 'round, 'round, 'round
You can keep your Marxist ways, for it's only just a phase
Money, money, money makes the world go 'round (Yee!)

Monte Carlo, big sharks on my ankles (Monte Carlo)
I drape out all my broads, Cartier bangles (Cartier bangles)
I go military boys with the angles (Gah-gah, phew-phew)
Gotta upgrade the stars outta space for me (Yeah)

Lotta blue cash in a rubber band (A lotta blue cash in the rubber)
Mount it up her ass, she in Barbie land (She in Barbie land)
Tropicana diamonds, rock 'em by the 10s (By the 10s)
I'm just drinkin' Act, Kurt Cobain (Cobains)

Money on your dawg and go bust his brains (Grrt)
Leave him on the sidewalk like he gettin' a tan (Graow)
I grow micro-soft drinkin' oxygen (Graow)
Bitch, I been a boss since a god damn kid (Woo!)
Hop out on the block with a AK, make him do the cha-cha-cha (Skrrt, skrrt)
I rode the roadblocks with your bae and I got my rocks off
(Got my rocks off)
She sucked the socks off of me and they was Gucci (Woo!)
I bent her over in the Bentley Spur and I didn't eat her coochie
(On God)
I'm livin' life as a pimp (Yeah)
I'll put a bitch on your shrimp (Yeah)
I'm high in the sky like a blimp (High)
Ooh, I'll cop a Rolls Royce first attempt (Skrrt)
What's the definition of real? Yeah, yeah, yeah
When you kneel, yeah, yeah, yeah
You just showin' you steal, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah (Let's go)

Monte Carlo, big sharks on my ankles (Monte Carlo)
I drape out all my broads, Cartier bangles (Cartier bangles)
I go military boys with the angles (Gah-gah, phew-phew)
Gotta upgrade the stars outta space for me (Yeah)

Lotta blue cash in a rubber band (A lotta blue cash in the rubber)
Mount it up her ass, she in Barbie land (She in Barbie land)
Tropicana diamonds, rock 'em by the 10s (By the 10s)
I'm just drinkin' Act, Kurt Cobain (Cobains)

Fresh to death, Gucci on my tomb
My chopper sing, it need autotune
Bad bitch in my hotel room
Take a perky right before we fuck, then act a fool
Sad money, I got blue face diamonds
I'm at the top and I'm gonna keep on climbin'
I got a gun on my hip, no silence
I want these niggas to hear the violence
Momma told me "Don't trust nobody"
Damn, momma, you seen it coming
That's why I don't keep this heat for nothin'
Try me, then you're gettin' one
Plus one and a couple more, uh
30 shots when I am all done
Right, right? Did I do the math right?
Stomp 'em out, wrath in my Rafs, feel my wrath

Monte Carlo, big sharks on my ankles (Monte Carlo)
I drape out all my broads, Cartier bangles (Cartier bangles)
I go military boys with the angles (Gah-gah, phew-phew)
Gotta upgrade the stars outta space for me (Yeah)

Lotta blue cash in a rubber band (A lotta blue cash in the rubber)
Mount it up her ass, she in Barbie land (She in Barbie land)
Tropicana diamonds, rock 'em by the 10s (By the 10s)
I'm just drinkin' Act, Kurt Cobain

Money, money, money makes the–
Money, money, money makes the–
Money, money, money makes the world go 'round
Money, money, money, money
Money, money, money, money
MoneyI now present to you
Music, music, music, music
Music to make you stagger

I've been a biplane dog fighter
Henson invention Trooper
Burst the result of Dragon Ball Z/Speed Racer gene splicing
Mach force, blind the extorted style from the common dirty
Destiny dream sighting, important as split the prints
God shit the planet screaming "What on Earth is that?"
I sit back five dimensions
Only to mostly over cook the specimen
Vending tragic fatality successful dodging volleys
All Hail Mary's and Hello Dolly's!
I flow ridiculous, indigenous to now
Who holds the fifth golden ticket?
Tour the wicked war phantom mansion beyond the pickets
The house next door to when the stickball clears the fence
Y'all hesitate to fetch it!
I was walking through a pinball tilt built landscape
Pterodactyl circling turtle
I bite the bullet in a wingspan shadow
Suck and rust the oxygen in gulps
And spit the metal directly back up the barrel
We ice grill the silhouettes (right)
The common decency factors a lowball estimate of zero
My testament is striking B-Boy stances
Dancing past the foggy mirror
When wiped clean, the billy goat beard camouflage the spirit
I'm at six degrees of sexy sarcasm
Yeah, never swam up inside Summer Jam classic
Another bent backwards bastard
Scouring the carnival grounds for an outlet
Who the fuck is Aes Rock?
I'm not a name to keep at arms length
Adjacent to little Linus quilt makeshift
Sick security mechanism, check your mission
I am not a vision, check your mission
Just a simple sour patch delinquent
No it will not help you shove your Lincoln

I alone settle
I alone peddle in the mud
I alone, I condone rebel zone planting
I alone stand in a social coma
All up to your dome, follow I alone
I alone settle
I alone peddle in the mud
I alone, I condone rebel zone planting
I alone stand in a social coma
All up to your dome, follow I alone

Now you see me, now you don't

Well he was maverick enough, but still scraped up
Taki 183 innovation for the kids
Brick foot iron lung honor
Escape through the night like a disgruntled teen Krylon bomber
Without a care, aside from posting the roster
Maladjusted blank-faced civilian dispersed feelings
Reeling in several separate defunct fame booster modules
This nervous twitch mark the most delectable ingredient
See Aesop starving troopers in cell blocks with strap-on feeding bins
(More like)
Like I'd auction off a fuck for that blind 'cause you ride in
I'd rather find the flaws and watch you hide 'em
Feel the haggard look penetrate brain castle
Blasting clear out the back of this batches sour wind collection
(Flash flooder!)
You're a fuckin' wind-up toy
A goddamn fourth string criminal trading card
The reason they decorate the fonts of closing credits
To boost onlooker amusement after fading hard
Catch more Z's than Rip Van Winkle's 12 Step Narcolepsy Seminar
Action!
We all compete the masked illusion
The common folk, I provoke 'em all
Challenge dirty balance
I elope with talent while they fidget
If the revolution ain't gon' be televised
Then fuck, I'll probably miss it

I alone settle
I alone peddle in the mud
I alone, I condone rebel zone planting
I alone stand in a social coma
All up to your dome, follow I alone
I alone settle
I alone peddle in the mud
I alone, I condone rebel zone planting
I alone stand in a social coma
All up to your dome, follow I alone

Omega 1, where you at?
Talkin' that...
Saying lines about me
This guy over there, and her
If anybody says a bad thing, shut the mic
Shut them down
I'm the boss
Shut them down
That's all I gotta sayUnforeseen, this realm gives way to me
A demon unlatched from its keep
Why do they stalk me in the shadows of my fate?
Hail the darkened shrine, circumvented womb of cessation
Forsake the light, inhale pestilence
I dissipate from the realm of luminescent demiurge
To a chamber of blackened light and tainted oxygen
Filling my lungs with the stench of death, misery fails
To outweigh my fear, blackness personified

The plight emerges and invites me in
Lapse of control, a shallow breath in litany
Claustrophobic, the walls seem to be closing in
Inhaling pestilence
The Library devours all
Who attest the divinity of its ancient design
Inhale the pestilence
Forsake the light

Silenced has forever been the light of day
Defy your desire and kneel to me
Find solace in the darkness, within the scars healing
For only demise will restore the feeling of life

Obsessive, possessive, follow me and you'll find
I'm entitled as fuck and I'll take what is mine
If you've got what I want, then get ready to fall
Because I'll leave you with nothing, I'm taking it all
Shroud of confusion surrounds me
Should I kill myself or everyone around me?
Will I ever find the answer to my question?
Will I ever recognize my own reflection
I'm a walking contradiction made in flesh
A mere discrepancy
Blurring lines where the lies and the truths meet
Paranoid and fixated on my own death
No matter how much that I chase it still eludes me

Petrified and surrounded by demise
Immeasurable power even in infancy
Shall we be undone in the darkness
Such devastation corrupts my mind
The plight emerges and invites me in
Lapse of control, a shallow breath in litany
Claustrophobic, the walls seem to be closing in
Inhaling pestilence

Silenced has forever been the light of day
Defy your desire and kneel to me
Find solace in the darkness, within the scars healing
For only demise will restore the feeling of life

Hail the darkened shrine, forsake the light
Let the pestilence consume you
Circumvented womb of cessation
A multitude of wraiths embodied, shrouding the monolith
The spire ripe with condemned containment
Nevertheless the guarded crusade attained
Harnessing the power within
The doomed immortalized
Harnessing the power within

Inhale the pestilence
Forsake the lightDon't breathe, there's no oxygen here
Only ammonia to suffocate fear
And the pastures are flooded
And all the soil is sour
And the trees are brittle
And so are the flowers
All dried up just an empty shell
Away on the wind being blown to hell
What happened, it was all going so well

Sweet golden rose, don't ever rust
Be ever so delicate, when lending your trust
And don't come apart at the seams
Sweat the nightmares, live in the dreams
Be anything you believe
Be anything you believe

We don't belong in a wasteland
We don't belong in a wasteland
We don't belong in a wasteland

Don't leave, there's nothing out there to see
Everything is murdered, there's no mystery
And history's eyes, they have seen it all
It's a Modern Ruin and we are responsible
It's bleak and we are pale
We are the savages of a future fail
No sun, no stars, just endless nights
Repeat prescriptions of drunken fights
What happened to us, under these neon lights

Sweet golden rose, don't ever rust
Be ever so delicate, when lending your trust
And don't come apart at the seams
Sweat the nightmares, live in the dreams
Be anything you believe
Be anything you believe

We don't belong in a wasteland
We don't belong in a wasteland
We don't belong in a wasteland

We don't belong in a wasteland
We don't belong in a wasteland
We don't belong in a wasteland
We don't belong in a wasteland

Sweet golden rose, don't ever rust
Be ever so delicate, when lending your trust
And don't come apart at the seams
Sweat the nightmares, live in the dreams
Be anything you believe
Be anything you believe

We don't belong in a wasteland
You don't belong in a wasteland
You don't belong in a wastelandYeah, you thought that this was over
Thought you got away with murder
Watch me murder my deserters
This is congress secret service
Got your epirdermis calling
From the toxins in the water
Use the oxygen to slaughter
This is big business, baby, blood money bringing benefits
Still suffer from the ideology of Willie Lynch
Now it's all making sense, lets breed ignorance
Cause ignorance is bliss, watch the bliss make us filthy rich, bitch

I'm okay now, bring the napalm
I'll fly over and blow you away
No more sunshine, no more playgrounds
I'll fly over and blow you away now
There's no glamour, no guts, no glory
When I fly over, and blow you away
Blow you away now
The fuck can you say now?
I'm loading my napalm

The last shall be first, got dammit planet here we go
Camouflage cowboy, saddle up; rodeo
HIV, Polio, positive identity
Ashes of evil because we can't believe the trinity
Homeland Security, false is superiority
Fuck your intentions and big plans for my community
I ain't afraid to die, fuck you gon' do with that?
I'm coming to find you and wipe you off the fucking map, brrat


I just wanted to live my life like the common man
Have a family, a picket fence with a couple friends
Maybe even walk the dog when the night is right
Such a pretty picture, we dancing under flashing lights
And we wouldn't have a worry, not in the world at all
Watch my favorite sitcom and go outside and mow the lawn
I come inside just in time to see our baby walking
And bringing flowers ain't special because I do it often
I'll be working a 9 to 5 'till I'm old and grey
Then just wither away the dust, watch it float away
And it'll be complete my life because I lived it right
Never lifted my voice in anger just to pacify
I guess it's all eventual how all these chips should fall
How can you appreciate walking if you have never crawled?
Matter of fact, why am I talking, I should be standing tall
Instead I'm in a world full of shit steaming, screaming fuck 'em all
Aerosol arsonist, tagging up the Apocalypse
The narcoleptic masses so I bang completely opposite
All you need is confidence, I don't need no compliments
The system sets the standards, destruction of the obvious
This is for the populous, population genocide
Patriotic duty look alive but never sympathize
Take 'em by surprise, strike 'em early when they rise
When they open up they eyes, but they still so fucking blind
But hey, hey


Serial killerLife is good, I can't complain
I mean, I could, but no one's listening
Your image overwhelms my brain
And it feels good
Good, good
Now I'm rollin' my window down
I love the wind, but I hate the sound
You're like a tattoo that I can't remove
And it feels good
It feels good, it feels good

Like a rollercoaster ride
Holdin' on, white knuckles like
Whoa, whoa, can't believe I'm like
Whoa, whoa, got me feelin' like
Up and down, and side to side
Every inch of me is like
Whoa, whoa, got me feelin' like
Whoa, whoa, got me feelin' like

In the mornin', it begins again
Feels like I'm fallin', better strap me in
I think I'm running out of oxygen
And it feels good
It feels good, it feels good (It feels good)

Like a rollercoaster ride
Holdin' on, white knuckles like
Whoa, whoa, can't believe I'm like
Whoa, whoa, got me feelin' like
Up and down, and side to side
Every inch of me is like
Whoa, whoa, got me feelin' like
Whoa, whoa, got me feelin' like

My inhibitions are beginning to let go
In this situation, I can't help but lose control
You're an affliction that I cannot seem to break
It feels good, it feels good
I'm holdin' on

Holdin', holdin', holdin', holdin'
Holdin', holdin', holdin', holdin'
I'm holdin' on
Like a roller coaster ride
Like I'm running a red light
Like a rocket ship in flight
There's nothin' else that makes me feel like
Whoa

Please keep your hands and feet in the ride at all times
Thank you

Like a rollercoaster, whoa
Holdin' on, white knuckles, whoa
Once you let your love in, whoa
Every inch of me is like
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Got me feelin' like (Whoa, whoa)
Got me feelin' likeYou've been tearing me up for a week and a half
I don't mean, like, in my heart
I mean, physically, you've been tearin' me up
It's D-Day in my lady parts
 
But as I'm beggin' for more
Writhing around on the floor
I feel somethin' deep inside I never felt before...
 
Oh my god, I think I like you
Oh my god, I think I like you
 
It's scary, but you send me back on my heels
'Cause while I'm gettin' spanked, I can't ignore the feels
 
But I say, "No no no! This is just about sex!"
And "No no no! Don't be such a girl, Becks!"
But then I feel the oxytocin creeping back to my brain
And all I can do is sing it again
Oh my god, I think I like you
 
Why can't I just focus on gettin' a pounding
All the bidness goin' on in my thighs?
But as my body's getting ruined, like, really trashed
I only wanna look in your eyes
 
But then I'm upside-down next to my kitchen sink
And suddenly, it's like oh my god, I think...
I like you
Oh my god, I think I like you
 
My feelings get stronger every day
I'm like a little girl, not in a role-playing way
 
Are there condoms that can prevent these feelings?
Is there spermicidal lubricant that can kill
The fluttering in my heart?
Is there an IUD
That can stop the image of you and me
Getting married on a hillside, surrounded by ducks
And then we get into a rowboat?
Oh my god! I think I like you
Oh my god, I think I like you
 
But I say, "No no no"
No no no
No no noLorsque le ciel déprime, j'ai la flemme d'écrire
Alors j'remate des films rêvant d'être amnésique
Quand j'ai l'moral sapé, j'me mets à poil
Et sèche mes larmes avec un lance-flammes, ça m'lasse très vite
Je comble mes lacunes, éjacule dans des ronces
Et vomis dans des lagunes
Je me branle trop, j'ai la paume qui fume
J'vais m'faire un GTA dans le Royaume d'Hyrule
Il neige sur ma terre fleurie
J'recouds mon cœur dans une mercerie
Avec du fil de fer, ai-je l'air de rire ?
Je suis le fou dans la chèvrerie
J'offre des cravates de notaire à toutes les mamans qui allaitent
J'ai des couronnes sur les molaires, pourtant, j'n'ai jamais eu la fève
Et, pour éteindre le soleil, je crache de l'eau
Chaque nuit, dans mon sommeil, Freddy me gratte le dos
J'mène une vie d'patachon, hors de mon lit, j'attrape froid
J'ai besoin d'une inhalation doublée d'un hymne à la joie
Plus souvent qu'un ébéniste, je touche du bois
Ne boude pas, je t'aime... de tout mon foie
 (x2)
Cuando se mueran las estrellas
Nos miraremos sin llorar
Esconderemos la tristeza
Nos quedaremos sin soñar

Je n'parviens pas à fabriquer d'amis avec mon imprimante 3D
Décidément, désemparé, j'erre dans des salles vides
J'appelle en vain des brancardiers car dans ma trachée aride
Une bouteille à oxygène est entravée
Mon cerveau est en travaux, c'est un chantier sans fin
J'observe le monde à travers un miroir sans tain
Frissonne de plaisir quand j'lis Les Chants de Maldoror
Allongé sur le dos d'un brachiosaure
Je n'suis ni pour la monarchie ni contre écouter du Prince
Et du Queen dans un lit king size en pure autarcie
La bureaucratie me donne de l'urticaire
On me traite d'hypocondriaque depuis qu'j'dors sur une civière
L'éternité des Hommes est une chimère
Le néant m'effraie bien plus que l'enfer ou Lucifer
Regarde mes craintes dans cet écrin
L'écriture est mon élixir quand la nostalgie m'étreint
J'effrite, je graille, je tise le Tigre et l'Euphrate
Je baille, médite, je fouille, je rate, je trouve, je gratte
Je brouille les pistes, je braille, je triche, je craque
Je traque, j'affine, j'attrape, je brille, je rappe
J'avance dans le brouillard étourdi
J'en ai brûlé des brouillons en refermant mes écoutilles
Je me tairai quand j'aurai tout dit
J'arrose la tombe de mon enfance, mais rien ne pousse si ce n'est l'oubli
 (x2)Are you real, are you fake?

Are you real, are you fake, are you fucking imaginary?
Are you Bill, are you Gates?
Are you copping a mansion already?
Me, I'm trying to build, you're trying to break
Why are they blocking my mandem intentionally
Want a mil, more than a plate
Why is me profiting so detrimental to all of my foes
I'm on the roads, trying to make P's from a couple of shows but the man wanna watch
Stay on my toes
Bruddas say yeah
Wizzy's a pro
Cold cold cold thoughts
Sure to get warmer like morning light
Sure to get warmer like morning light

Be sure to get the will to get your life together
Cos people die forever
And if you naturally have drive then you should satisfy your soul if you're that type of bredda
My drive is like I'm Senna that's why I'm quite a vibrant fella
I swear a high percentage of my endeavours acquire me cheddar
So as my hands sweat my mind's brittle from icy weather
A well trained insider sending a ripple from within is definitely more profitable than a bunch of man splashing outside of a nightclub

Are you real, are you fake, are you fucking imaginary?
Are you Bill, are you Gates?
Are you copping a mansion already?
Me, I'm trying to build, you're trying to break
Why are they blocking my mandem intentionally
Want a mil, more than a plate
Why is me profiting so detrimental to all of my foes
I'm on the roads, trying to make P's from a couple of shows but the man wanna watch
Stay on my toes
Bruddas say meh
Wizzy's a pro
Cold cold cold thoughts
Sure to get warmer like morning light
Sure to get warmer like morning light

All of my mandem are looking at me like they know I'ma come round and kill it
I come with a bang
I'm a cillit
Fuck our sinister Prime Minister
Sinning from Britain to Wichita
Family looking at me like they're proud
Cos they're feeling the way that I switched it up
Looking at me like I wouldn't come round to your yard on a hype
But I know where you niggas are
Cold cold cold thoughts
Lyrics pour
Lyrics more
Lyrics
Recommending to ignore physics
Quantum mechanics and forced limits
Swear I just harness the force with it
Always endorsing a pure wizard
Got an opinion I'm sure with it
Pure stubbornness and I'm born with it

Are you real, are you fake, are you fucking imaginary?
Are you Bill, are you Gates?
Are you copping a mansion already?
Me, I'm trying to build, you're trying to break
Why are they blocking my mandem intentionally
Want a mil, more than a plate
Why is me profiting so detrimental to all of my foes
I'm on the roads, trying to make P's from a couple of shows but the man wanna watch
Stay on my toes
Bruddas say meh
Wizzy's a pro
Cold cold cold thoughts
Sure to get warmer like morning light
Sure to get warmer like morning light

Man didn't understand what I said
I could've said it more clearly
Getting my Waka my Flocka on it's like I don't want you to hear me
I'm on the top of the top and the oxygen getting all weary
Why am I yelling for help when I know that there's nobody near me
Back of the garden 2007, I'm shotting to Rizzle
We talking 'bout making it big when it comes to that musical relevance
Rather than being a couple degenerates
Some of you artist be doing it right
Some of you artist be lacking intelligence
I'm on the web listening for the evidence
Evident that your success isn't prevalent

Are you real, are you fake, are you fucking imaginary?
Are you Bill, are you Gates?
Are you copping a mansion already?
Me, I'm trying to build, you're trying to break
Why are they blocking my mandem intentionally
Want a mil, more than a plate
Why is me profiting so detrimental to all of my foes
I'm on the roads, trying to make P's from a couple of shows but the man wanna watch
Stay on my toes
Bruddas say meh
Wizzy's a pro
Cold cold cold thoughts
Sure to get warmer like morning light
Sure to get warmer like morning lightThe pain that guides us
The strings that tie us
The coincidence that proves to us God's existence
Joy we misplaced
Beautiful mistakes
The scarlet thread
The Crimson Cord

Wear your scars out loud
That's the fingerprints of The Lord
A crimson cord, baby, a crimson cord
A timeline, a scarlet thread
A crimson cord, baby, a crimson cord
Let me celebrate your crimson cord
And that's beautiful, a crimson cord
No regrets, boy, a crimson cord
Evidence of God's love, that's a crimson cord

What it do to a boy's brain to see his father through glass walls
While Algebra homework  less important than last calls
Collect calls come from up state
You eventually grow numb, it's a sad state
And it's hard to conceive, let alone believe that you're worth it
When your little brother's blood is still stained on your Converse
And system leave him hanging, they still binge on syringes
Filled with self-hate, that's why we fly off the hinges
Self-medicate, still struggle at the smell of that fresh kush
Even after salvation, it's tough
Looking back at wasted life, who never had a chance to begin with
Ya'll talking about a lamb that's sinless



What it do to a girl's brain to see her father through face time
Why, if you call her pretty, you can have her at lunch time
American dream has filled her Mama with botox
And personalized license plates, dinner dates, he went to Jared's
Can't conceive or believe that you're worth it
When rather than hanging with you, they buy you designer purses
And you ain't pose' to be mad, your dad buys you everything, right?
We should all wish to have your life
While she self-medicates with packages and purchases
Oxycontin morning after pills no condoms
Suburbia good school, healthy church folk parents
Hittin' death, cover-up
Mac product, not enough4x
If a picture's worth a thousand words I'll paint a thousand pictures
If a picture's worth a thousand words I'll paint a thousand pictures
To symbolize the decibel levels bred of a thousand whispers
To mummify useless unknown poems spit a shower with gold glitter
Pressure increase unleash the catacomb splitters
And for some reason you wonder why your puzzle is a jigsaw
When you fail to decipher the morse code to simply avoid the pitfalls
If need be I can get raw - just pocket the latex
But that's like asking why the man with no legs crawls to see the apex
Or why the young planet's seeds won't blossom into a garden
Parallel to your search for stardom where you leave breadcrumbs and jargon
That you can't even feel. So how's that for surface tension?
Every step shows you're a worthless henchman itching to meet your maker
I'd rather finger-paint than take a tainted pen and curse the paper
Voice box turns cauldron, saliva boils, then thoughts are vapor
If seeing foremost only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades
Then a thoroughbred's accuracy isn't the focal point of perfection
Therefore you trudge through waist-high sludge and caramelized paints where
Prints left, taint every breath
Inhale - golden oxygen, then step graciously over landmines shallow beneath the soil surface
Take a small step for man and ascend a stairway to heaven on pegs
To take a giant leap for mankind to stand and keep your legs
What a dilemma to hold hands with
Sanity's a steep cliff of gift
And it seems because of your fork-tongued dreams your hands slipped
Rip your canteen of get-rich schemes and set sail on the seven seas
Hooker left that envy to drown in greed
Before you swallow your pride and wash it down with a glass of formaldehyde
I'll preserve the day the Earth fell, to symbolize how Atlas died
I've tried to rush the wormhole to deliver a eulogy
But the other eight planets follow me to stage a silent mutiny
No more - dodging shooting stars
No more - lashing of asteroid belts
No more - avoiding supernovas and fear of android wealth
If science and religion is the building block for a laughing stock
Then the foundation should crumble at the epicenter of the aftershock
The bow breaks at the vinyl spots
The cradle of all this crime rate drops
I've timed hate crops harvest to see if records of frisbees fly farthest
Well that would depend on the trajectory
And the way the projector projected me
I was a hologram waiting for wind to inherit merit discrepancy
Is it time for lift off?
I think go-go gadget propellers are prepared
Is it time for lift off?
The rocket fuel was at peak in mid-week
I think it's time for lift off
The structural integrity seems to be holding
But three astronauts were found in a cockpit falling asleep
So will these thousand whispers ever hold a cleft note to sing?
Or will these blisters become targets of the scorpion king's sting?
Because the poison invades the veins to the stages of Hume
I'll take a rain check in the same breath of a checkmate - in three moves
I know everything is everything and nothing's still something else
So I cleared my shelves of any signs of wealth to impress the elves
My neck it holds bricks that weighs down my liftoff
As a precaution I replaced the wood in the loft with something soft
Your windows - they look clear but my pane's a stained glass
To dampen the impression of expression any fame has
Do the hues you use, do they capture the pain my frame has?
Or are you caught in the faces we weave, scared to change masks?
I'm the lawnmower man on a mission to slaughter the strange grass
But first I must erase cyberspace and rape the track before train pass
You strain cash
Well I take the root of evil, make tea
Patiently holding hands with anxiousness, I can already taste it
There's the kettle whistle, interrupting my vision of rainbow bands
The steam scolding my hand
The mug shattered and I wasted it
Now if a picture's worth a thousand words I painted a thousand pictures
On the beautiful backdrop of butterfly kisses
3x
If a picture's worth a thousand words I painted a thousand pictures
If a scream is worth a thousand dreams I dreamed a thousand whispers
I'll scream a thousand whispers ..Baby, baby
I'm just trying to find my way in
Face it, our hearts are racing
I don't think that we need oxygen where we're going
You've gotta take a chance sometime
Jump in the water with me now

I don't think that we need oxygen
Cause our love's deeper than the ocean
Give me your devotion
I'll always be open
Girl I love you
I can't hide it from the world no
Promise you it's for sure
Just in case you don't know
That I love you

Save me, Oh you saved me
I was trying to find my way in
Face it, our hearts are racing
I just think its worth acknowledging, where we're going
You've gotta take a chance sometime
Jump in the water with me now

I don't think that we need oxygen
Cause our love's deeper than the ocean
Give me your devotion
I'll always be open
Girl I love you
I can't hide it from the world no
Promise you it's for sure
Just in case you don't know
That I love youYou are my oxygen
You're making me wanna live again
You are my oxygen
You're making me wanna live again

Sometimes my very best
Is only my weakest yes
You see strength in every movement
Baby steps and short breaths
Anything is progress
You sustain my every moment

You are my oxygen
You're making me wanna live again
You are my oxygen
You're making me wanna live again!

Sometimes my very best
Is only my weakest yes
You see strength in every movement
Baby steps and short breaths
Anything is progress
You sustain my every moment

My lifeblood, my true love
My reason, my because
My hope when I'm hopeless
You never run out, You're the source of it
The moon in my night sky
My vision when I'm blind
When I quit, You still fight
You fight for me

Sometimes my very best
Is only my weakest yes
You see strength in every movement
Baby steps and short breaths
Anything is progress
You sustain my every momentWoah, Kenny

I'm the best at being me, a lot of y'all can't relate
The only thing I care about is if it's food on my plate
Every time I hit the stage it be a sold-out date
Remember back when I used to sit in line and wait
Now it's mine I take, every time they hate
Man, these people don't know shit about the time it take
Try to box me in, I don't need no oxygen
You could leave me to die, I was born to win
You just gotta love yourself
Don't worry about what everyone is doing or did
You think you're down but you could get left
Don't worry about where everyone is going or been
I done did some fucked up shit in the past but I know that the Lord forgive
I remember dark nights, I would pray to God and he granted my every wish

Yeah, I might sell out but I ain't no sellout
The kids stay around even though the doors let out
Had a lot of built-up anger that I had to let out
Lost a few friends, me and money never fell out
Yeah, I might sell out but I ain't no sellout
The kids stay around even though the doors let out
Had a lot of built-up anger that I had to let out
Lost a few friends, me and money never fell out

The expression of anger is a form of rejuvenation
I'm screaming inside of my head in hopes that I'm easing the pain
Memories in my brain, thinkin' I'm going insane
Everyone knowing my name but somehow I'm feeling the same
Yeah, I might sell out but I ain't no sellout
The kids stay around even though the doors let out
'Cause they just want to tell me about how I helped them out
I won't let them down
You guys are so strong and you don't even know it
People hate you 'cause you're different and focused
People hated me so I flipped it
And turned my emotions to something y'all could sing to
'Cause some of y'all have been through the same shit I've been through
So listen when I tell you
Don't ever buy the dreams that these niggas try to sell you
Don't ever try to bite the same hand that fed you
Everything I did is for the moment that it led to

Yeah, I might sell out but I ain't no sellout
The kids stay around even though the doors let out
Had a lot of built-up anger that I had to let out
Lost a few friends, me and money never fell out
Yeah, I might sell out but I ain't no sellout
The kids stay around even though the doors let out
Had a lot of built-up anger that I had to let out
Lost a few friends, me and money never fell out

Yeah, yeah, woah
(Had a lot of built-up anger that I had to let out)
Yeah, yeah, woah
(Lost a few friends, me and money never fell out)
Haha
Do you feel better now?
Good
You're welcome
This has been course one of Rico Nasty's anger management semin-I will tolerate any treatment.
Like I travel alone sometimes, and I'll put up with anything.
I'll book a ticket on some garbage airline---
You know, I don't wanna name an actual airline so let's just make one up; let's call it "Delta Airlines."
So I'll book a ticket on "Delta Airlines" and I'll show up at the airport and I'll go, "Can I get on the plane now, please?"
And they go, "No. It's delayed nine hours."
And I go, "Okaaay!"
And then I go to the bathroom.
And then I come out of the bathroom and I go, "Any updates?"
And they go "Yeah, we took off while you were in the bathroom. Because we hate you. Now take this meal voucher that doesn't work, go fetch!"
And I go, "Okaaay!" and I go over to the Wolfgang Puck Express and go, "Can I have a sandwich please?" and they go "NO!"
And I go, "Okaaay!"
And they go, "You"re a little fat girl, aren't you?"
And I go, "Nooo," and they go, "SAY IT!" and I go, “I'm a little fat girl."
And then I go over to the Delta Help Desk, which is an oxymoron, and I go, "Can I please go home on an airplane?" and they go "No! In fact, we"re gonna frame you for murder, and you're gonna go to jail for thirty years!"
And I go, "Why are you doing this to me?!"
And they go, "Because we're Delta Airlines, and life is a fucking nightmare!"
But with my girlfriend, she would just be like, "Let's see if Southwest has any flights."
So it's better. (2x)
Lord, lord, lord
Well well well well well..
Help me cleanse my sins
Help me lift this spell

We fight demons from our past only to face new monsters
I ask, are we comatose or unconscious?
My top spin's perpetual, make the connection
You sleep cause reality bites; inception
Protection orders for my Post Traumatic Stress Disorder
Molested Mexican daughters, stretch across the border
The streets paved in gold often fade
When the paint they use to pave the streets is henna
And greener is the grass on the other side
Except for when that other side is geno
Or sewer (sui-cide), you smile while you sippin' a cup of Kahlua
That makes me wanna mainline a fucking fifth of Dewars
I'm trying to utilize my time to shine here
I realize we only have limited time here
Dudes on my line try'na sell me a timeshare
That'll be me with a nine losin' my mind in Time Square
Like, "Is this how you wanna treat me?
You know what this business was before you hired me
A piece of shit!
Everybody on the floor right now!
Everybody get the fuck down!"


La-la-la-last ye-ye-year they hired me
And this-s-s-s we-we-we-we-week the-the-they fired me
And I g-g-g-got all these b-b-b-b-bills to pay
And what the f-f-f-f-fu-f-f-fuck am I supposed to say
T-t-t-t-to my wife she's p-p-p-p-pregnant
And if the kid does not go to college his life's irrelevant
And my-my-my melanin-n-n-n makes me a felon
And-nd I just wanna take this fuckin' c-c-crack and sell it
To the planet;
Panic, I'm a manic depressive mechanic that manages to frantically do damage
To his brain with Xanax, and it's, like the word "anxiety" is branded panoramic
To the back of my eyelids in a variety of fonts
Ariel, Bold, Gothic
Lost it in Time Square and going home is not an option
Is this illusion optic?
Perhaps it's just a chemical reaction with my Zoloft and acidophilus
The section of my brain that forms sentences isn't operative
Danger! Danger! Danger, Will Robinson
A bizarre ride, Pharcyde, Fatlip, Collagen
My tolerance is volatile and it feels like I'm losing oxygen!He followed me home again
And his eyes were watering
His eyes were watering
Like a child
I made-believe for him
That my blood was dripping
My blood was dripping into
His mouth
Screaming
Screaming
He cut off my oxygen
And my eyes were watering
As he tore into my skin
Like a lion
I knew it was poison
As he filled me to the brim
And my blood was dripping
Like a lamb
Screaming
Screaming
Screaming
Leave your bedroom light on
I live to watch you undress
And you know that I'm there
As you soak in my stare
With your right arm
Come to me
Come to me
Come
Come to meHave I told you, have I told you
Have I told you, have I told you
You could really get it on?
You could really get it on?
Have I told you, have I told you
Have I told you, have I told you
You could really get it on?
You could really get it on?

I was at an all night diner
The sign said, "Triple X" but they were talking about root beer
I'm just sitting down, thinking about nothing
Looking at the thin air, breathing up the oxygen

Have I told you, have I told you
You could really get it on?
You could really get it on?

A guy comes up that's looking pretty 8-ball
Snaggletoothed smile, sits down at my table
Puts his arm around me, starts to share his information
He said, he said, he said
He said, he said, he said
He said, he said, he said, he said
He said, he said, he said, this is what he said
"I have sex, I'm always thinking about the pavement
So I can avoid premature ejaculation"
I got up, remembering to thank him
Better things to do, so I'll start drinking now

Have I told you, have I told you
Have I told you, have I told you
You could really get it on?
You could really get it on?
Have I told you, have I told you
Have I told you, have I told you
You could really get it on?
You could really get it on?

I'm in Tahoka, now I'm going to hook up
With the parties, unfortunately, like always
No one has any ideas, damn

Have I told you, have I told you
Have I told you, have I told you
You could really get it on?
You could really get it on?
Have I told you, have I told you
Have I told you, have I told you
You could really get it on?
You could really get it on?
Have I told you, have I told you
Have I told you, have I told you
You could really get it on?
You could really get it on?
Have I told you, have I told you
Have I told you, have I told you
You could really get it on?
You could really get it on?They serve the purpose of changing hydrogen into breathable oxygen, and they’re as necessary here as the air is, on Earth
But I still say
They’re flowers
If you like
Do you sell them?
I'm afraid not
But, maybe we can make a dealD-I-N-O-S-A
U-R a dinosaur
D-I-N-O-S-A
U-R a dinosaur
An O-L-D-M-A-N
You're just an old man
Hittin' on me, what?
You need a CAT scan!

(Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha...)
(Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!)

Old man, why are you starin' at me?
Mack on me and my friends, it's kinda creepy
You should be prowlin' around the old folks home (oh!)
C'mon, dude, leave us alone
At first we thought that it was kinda ill when
We saw that you were like a billion
And still out tryin' to make a killin'
Get back to the museum

D-I-N-O-S-A
U-R a dinosaur
D-I-N-O-S-A
U-R a dinosaur
An O-L-D-M-A-N
You're just an old man
Hittin' on me, what?
You need a CAT scan!

Hey dinosaur, baby, you're prehistoric
Hey dinosaur, that's what you are, ha!
Hey carnivore, you want my meat, I know it
Hey dinosaur, that's what you are, ha!
Yeah, you're pretty old
(Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha...)
(Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!)

Not long 'til you're a senior citizen
And you can strut around with that sexy tank of oxygen (ooh!)
Honey, your toupee is fallin' to your left side
Get up and go bro, oh wait, you're fossilized, ha!
You sit down, buy me a martini
Won't go away, my hints aren't sinking
"Hey," you say, "Wanna come with me?"
I'm about to barf, seriously? (seriously, ah!)

D-I-N-O-S-A
U-R a dinosaur
D-I-N-O-S-A
U-R a dinosaur
An O-L-D-M-A-N
You're just an old man
Hittin' on me, what?
You need a CAT scan!

Hey dinosaur, baby, you're prehistoric
Hey dinosaur, that's what you are, ha!
Hey carnivore, you want my meat, I know it
Hey dinosaur, that's what you are, ha!
Hey dinosaur, baby, you're prehistoric
Hey dinosaur, that's what you are, ha!
Hey carnivore, you want my meat, I know it
Hey dinosaur, that's what you are, ha!

D-I-N-O-S-A
U-R a dinosaur
D-I-N-O-S-A, that's what you are, ha!
D-I-N-O-S-A
U-R a dinosaur
D-I-N-O-S-A, that's what you are, ha!アンジェラ (Vo. Alisa) 「Endless」 歌詞

When the world starts slowly caving in
Can't breathe, can't breathe
'Cause you left me broken on my knees
Can't breathe, where'd the oxygen go?
Then you held me under, in the deep
Can't breathe, did you ever believe the story you told me?
Ooh
Ooh, did you?

When the world starts slowly caving in
Can't breathe, can't breathe
'Cause you drown me in my time of need
Can't breathe, can't breathe

Look me in the eye and you
Said it's fine, it's fine
But the words you said, were they true
Or just selfish lies?
After all of this you put me through
I don't even know myself
Did I ever know myself at all?

Everything is broken
Don't know why, what did I do?
You're all I ever had
Tried to make you laugh, tried to please you
Clinging to the past
Trying to make it last, but I can't
All I know is gone, all I know is gone
All I know is gone, now I'm all alone

Morning never comes
Darkness chokes me
Wish that I could see the sun
I feel like I am falling
Morning never comes
Darkness got me
Because you left me
Or 'cause you hurt me
Want to fall into an endless dream

What is the answer?
When everything is gone
What is the answer?
What is the answer?
When everything is gone
What is the answer?
What is the answer?You're like starlight in the dark
Endless miles can't conceal You
And every glimmer is a spark
Catching fire as You break through

Oh, You're not far away
You're coming close
And oh, even as I wait
You're coming close

You're like summer in the night
The sun goes down but still I feel You
And every shadow's turning bright
Every broken heart is made new

Oh, You're not far away
You're coming close
And oh, even as I wait
You're coming close


And there's no heart unseen
There's no space between
You and I
You and I
You are closer than
The very oxygen
I'm breathing in
Oh, I breath You in
You are God with us
You are here with us
Immanuel!
Immanuel!
You are infinite
Your glory has no end
Jesus!
Jesus!


There's no heart unseen
There's no space between
You and I
You and I
'Cause You are closer than
The very oxygen
I'm breathing in
Oh, I breath You in
You are God with us
You are here with us
Immanuel!
Immanuel!
You are infinite
Your glory has no end
Jesus!
Jesus!

Oh, You're not far away
You're coming close
And oh, even as I wait
You're coming close

'Cause You're like starlight in the dark
Endless miles can't conceal You
And every glimmer is a spark
Catching fire as You break throughSi tu étais un rêve il s'est réalisé
Si tu étais un souhait Dieu l'a exaucé
Si tu étais un paysage je t'aurais contemplé
Si tu étais le temps je t'aurais arrêté
Joue pas avec mon coeur tu finis par le brûlé
Si tu étais un feu je t'aurais attisé
C'est ton amour qui m'a libéré
Si t'es un crime je prends perpétuité
Je manquais d'air tu m'as oxygène
Dans le doute tu m'as rassuré
Quand j'avais pas un rond tu m'as assumée
C'est ton odeur qui m'a parfumé
Dans tes bras je me suis réfugié
C'est dans tes courbes que mon destin c'est dessiné
Mes deux anges tu as porté
Si tu es un texte t'es mon plus beau couplet

Ahaaaaaaaaa
Guetli omri dini ma'ak dini ma'ak
Ahaaaaaaaaa
Guetli omri dini ma'ak dini ma'ak

Lalolay lolay lolay Lalolay lolay
Jusqu'aux bouts du monde suis moi
Jusqu'aux bouts du monde oui
Lalolay lolay lolay Lalolay lolay

Ma chérie vient on va s'en aller
Jusqu'à toucher les étoiles
Viens on va s'envoler
Il serait temps de toucher les voiles
Viens on va s'en aller Jusqu'à toucher les étoiles
Viens on va s'envoler
Il serait temps de toucher les voiles

Ahaaaaaaaaa
Guetli omri dini ma'ak dini ma'ak
Ahaaaaaaaaa
Guetli omri dini ma'ak dini ma'akOh, the way you smell, the way you taste
You know I have an appetite for sexy things
All you do is look at me, it's a disgrace
What's running through my mind is you up in my face
Yeah, yeah

Your voice is like music to my ears
Whisper softly and the world just disappears
Take me higher and just wipe away my fears
When you're with me, oh boy, it's my heartbeat that I hear

Ooh, ooh baby
Touch me and I come alive
I can feel you on my lips
I can feel you deep inside
Ooh, ooh baby
In your arms, I finally breathe
Wrap me up in all your love
That's the oxygen I need, yeah

You're filling me up
You're filling me up
You're filling me up
You're filling me up
You're filling me up
You're filling me up with your love

The more you move, the more I dance
It's like you got me hypnotized, I'm in a trance
Your jersey fits, it's right at home, between my hands
But now I hope you know that I'm your biggest fan
Yeah, yeah

Your voice is like music to my ears
Whisper softly and the world just disappears (World disappears)
Take me higher and just wipe away my fears
When you're with me, oh boy, it's my heartbeat that I hear

Ooh, ooh baby
Touch me and I come alive
I can feel you on my lips
I can feel you deep inside
Ooh, ooh baby
In your arms, I finally breathe
Wrap me up in all your love
That's the oxygen I need, yeah

You're filling me up
You're filling me up
You're filling me up
You're filling me up
You're filling me up
You're filling me up with your love

You got something that I really want, and
Come here, oh, we don't even have to talk, and
Lay back and let me tell you what I'm thinking
'Cause I like you (I like you), 'cause I like you

Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Ooh, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Ooh, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Baby (baby), baby (baby), baby

Ooh, ooh baby
Touch me and I come alive
I can feel you on my lips
I can feel you deep inside
Ooh, ooh baby
In your arms, I finally breathe
Wrap me up in all your love
That's the oxygen I need
Ooh, ooh baby
Touch me and I come alive
I can feel you on my lips
I can feel you deep inside
Ooh, ooh baby
In your arms, I finally breathe
Wrap me up in all your love
That's the oxygen I need, yeah

Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Baby (baby), baby (baby), baby
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Baby (baby), baby (baby), babyDiamonds in the firmament
All reserves completely spent
Someone set up the oxygen tent
Everybody here's real proud to present
Choked out
Two hundred dollar take-all purse
Half-nelson to suplex reverse
Worried look on the face of the ringside nurse
At one, for once, with the universe
Choked out
Choked out, choked out, choked out
I stretch and strain with all my might
Drift off into the velvety arms of the night
Kick and claw and scratch and bite
Fire up the grill, everybody eats tonight
Choked out
No brakes down
An endless dark incline
Most of the boys
Won't ever cross this line
If they all want to die dead broke that's fine, that's fine
Everybody's got their limits
Nobody's found mine
Crowd screaming like hounds at the heat of the chase
All the colors of the rainbow flood my face
I lift right off into space
I can see the future, it's a real dark place
Choked out, choked out, choked out
Choked out, choked out, choked outI lie here paralytic
Inside this soul
Screaming for you till my throat is numb
I wanna break out, I need a way out
I don't believe that it's gotta be this way
The worst is the waiting
In this womb I'm suffocating

Feel your presence filling up my lungs with oxygen
I take you in
I've died

Rebirthing now
I want to live for love, wanna live for you and me
Breathe for the first time now
I come alive somehow
Rebirthing now
I want to live my life, wanna give you everything
Breathe for the first time now
I come alive somehow
Right now
Right now

I lie here lifeless
In this cocoon
Shedding my skin 'cause
I'm ready to
I want to break out
I found a way out
I don't believe that it's gotta be this way
The worst is the waiting
In this womb I'm suffocating

Feel your presence filling up my lungs with oxygen
I take you in
I've died

Rebirthing now
I want to live for love, wanna live for you and me
Breathe for the first time now
I come alive somehow
Rebirthing now
I want to live my life, wanna give you everything
Breathe for the first time now
I come alive somehow

Tell me when I'm going to live again
Tell me when I'm going to breathe you in
Tell me when I'm going to feel inside
Tell me when I'm going to feel alive
Tell me when I'm going to live again
Tell me when this fear will end
Tell me when I'm going to feel inside
Tell me when I'll feel alive

Rebirthing now
I want to live for love, wanna live for you and me
Breathe for the first time now
I come alive somehow
Rebirthing now
I want to live my life, wanna give you everything
Breathe for the first time now
I come alive somehow

Right now
I come alive somehow
Right now
I come alive somehow10,000 hours of falling asleep to
Singer-songwriter tunes in my ear
And I've filled my quota of boys with acoustic guitars
But more are born every year
Sneaking up on you
She's sneaking up on you
Watch out she's your nightmare Nancy Drew
She's sneaking around
Checking up on you
Watch out she's your nightmare Nancy Drew
She's sneaking around
Checking up on, on you
Got the structures of men
Pumped in with my oxygen
But my girl is wiping slates clear
And I long for the look
And a soundtrack of women who all know what's up
I keep hearing their cherry bombs through the walls
Watch out she's your nightmare Nancy Drew
She's sneaking around
Checking up on you
Watch out she's your nightmare Nancy Drew
She's sneaking around
Checking up on, on you
Taking your boys club down in one fell swoop
Taking your well-fed boys club down in one fell swoop
She's sneaking up on you
Sneaking up on you
She's sneaking up on you
Watch out she's your nightmare Nancy Drew
She's sneaking around
Checking up on you
Watch out she's your nightmare Nancy Drew
She's sneaking around
Checking up on, on you
Watch out she's your nightmare Nancy Drew
She's sneaking around boy
Checking up on, on youDr. Manhattan, tatted atom circa tabaca-ing goer
Circle tobacco ring blower
I'll murk you black. Get sewn up
My work is black
I got diplomas in the back
That are bursting over the sack that I hold em in
Cause its folder was folding over
I know what they been told ya
But since I'm going in again, it's like drop and bend over
Over and over, with no lube
Get that veteran in embedded in yo stools
Yokels, locals
Slow cruise to yo demise, know it in the vocals
I got no couth, no lies; I'm dedicated, focused
Opposite of Bette Davis oculars, waiting for the apocalypse
Strapped with a cape in case I get popular, so I can drop it, bitch
The clock ticks. Y'all concerned with crotch sticks
I'm concerned with moxie, Take your Oxycontin, and your rocks
I'm The Great Gatsby initials, the Casebasket epistle
The last greatest apostle, the baddest damie
The combination of Gladys Knight and Pips in one place
And a Robert Blake fan
I'll keep you in a basement
While chained to a day bed
With the door blocked with a Maytag
And at four o'clock I'll let snakes in
And stand in the door sipping a tall boy
Coors light and giggle in your face then
Sociopath, with a golden flask
And I'll fill with it gasoline to throw at yo ass
And then fill it up back again with some of your pieces
Your liver, your back, your face a bit of your penis
Double hands with a W
Better do whatever you can to cover you
Jean Lang came to clubber you
Pain, whatcha gonna do

Fuckery level 3000, in jeans and a green blouse
With a crimson stain from a beat down
At a business meeting in a tea lounge
Like, "Nah, I'm cool, please, sit down
Proceed," bleeding out
The whole team freaking out, text-ing each other under the table
I'm office space calm, I offer face palms
Comma face balm for after on my dot com; I'm basically batshit
You basic bastard I never pace it
I crave action, I transform like I'll save y'all
But then I stay Ratchet
I'll bash your face in the baseboards of a burning building
With the passion of a pastor passing plates and getting back millions
Dash in a race and abandon smashing the tape at the last second
Then beckon to children on the sidelines who'd all step in and start blasting
Bach, Sebastian, or Rachmaninoff or Handel playing
When I'm candle lighting and man handling I'm saying, I'm classy
Dokken and Sebastian Bach blaring
When I'm mass murdering turned to decibels
Certain to drown the tears, it's nasty
On the Pulaski bridge, trunk full up with the shotgun, shotgun
Tongue dripping with vodka, dripping on my lap on a map of Alaska
In October, in a black dress and blasting Frank Zappa
The consummate top assassin
The consulate tracking after
And flipping the birds to diplomats out the whip
With an Andy Richter mask on
Cause I passed on getting a sidekick
Cause everybody ain't ready to die for this
I'll drive on dialysis, I'll drive over your dialysis
And keep in mind that I don't even drive; I like challenges
Roseannadanna fan, fan of Dan from Roseanne but not a fan of Prozac
And I don't care how you find them
Wanna know what I'm like, fine then
I'll like fine men, smart men, where the fuck do you find them
No, seriously, I'm actually asking you where can find them
I'm into crime and environments that you cry in
I don't imply it, I vividly give you my end
You'll think I'm lying 'til shivering in a lion's den
In an abandoned zoo naked covered with flies and
Strapped to Kobe beef steaks
Ya don't believe me, for Pete's sake
Man, what the fuck do I have do to convince you
I'm the Freeway villain
Kiefer Sutherland
I love when people suffering
It feels like I'm on reefer when they're blubbering
I'm serious
I'm FCC's damn problem, and
At best Tsidi's man problems
I guess could be the one thing I wanna work on
I'm glad that we're getting this work done
Guess i would have never thought to talk, but who knew
Getting this out could be cool
We should totally do this next week
You're good, you
You look testyI sing to you
I sing to you, Geneviève
I sing to you
You don't exist
I sing to you though

When I address you, who am I talking to?
Standing in the front yard like an open wound
Repeating "I love you", to who?
I recorded all these songs about the echoes in our house now
And then walked out the door to play them on a stage
But I sing to you

I picture you
When we first met, you were 22
And I drove my truck onto the ferry to Victoria in the morning
Where we met and talked forever in your apartment with evening falling
So I brought my blankets in and slept on the floor right next to your bed
In the morning, barely awake, I saw you standing right above me
Peeling an orange and looking hungry
"Do you want some," you asked me
And then just avalanched into me with pieces of orange
And weight and kissing and certainty

I remember you a few days later in Tofino
Where we'd driven to play a show you'd set up for us at a surf shop to no one
Then we slept in the back of my truck and got woken up by the cops
And so went down to the fishing boat docks to ask whoever for a ride
Across the water to Meares Island to just get left there for the day
And we did, and brought some food to eat and went through the big trees
Abandoned and in love, totally insane, apart from the rest of the world
We had finally found each other in the universe

Lying on the rocks, waiting for the boat to come pick us up
I read the one book we had with us aloud
With my head on your lap, sinking into you
Tintin in Tibet in French
And we thought of devotion and snow and distant longing in the Himalayan air
High and cold, with a bell ringing out

Then right before you died, thirteen years later in our house
I remember, through your gasping for oxygen, you explained that you were thinking about that high, cold air
Wrapping the globe, singing above the mountains of the gods

And I do picture you there, molecules dancing
But I'd rather you were in the house watching the unfolding everyday life of this good daughter we made
Instead of being scattered by the wind for no reason
So I sing to youI don't know what you want from me
But I can't love you it hurts me so deep
Hope you know, most these nights I don't sleep
Waiting for someone to hold me
Girl, I don't know what you want from me
But I can't love you, it hurts me so deep
Hope you know, most these nights I don't sleep
Waiting for someone to hold me

You're the only girl I ever gave my soul to
Always honest, I meant every word I told you
You had me running barefoot wearing no shoes
Broke the news on the phone I had no clue
Cause the whole truth turned into the cold truth
Does his touch warm your heart when he holds you
I can't trust you, no I hardly even know you
Anymore, yo I thought we'd grow old to-gether
But the weather has changed, and
Me and you, no never the same so
No way we're sharing the same soul
Forget the past cause it's way too painful


I woke up from a dream, saw his face
You were naked in his bed, he was taking my grace
Wouldn't tell me his name, you said it wasn't my place
Three days in a row, no that ain't a mistake
So how'd his dick feel, how'd his lips taste?
Did you meet him at a frat shitfaced?
Or was he just another undercover lover
That you didn't wanna mention when we spoke to one another, huh?
Had me so crazy, started thearapy
Got the nerve to say you still wanna marry me?
Listen baby oh you need to find some clarity
Don't manipulate my feelings that ain't fair to me
I can't cary this pain, I gotta let go
Trying to tell myself you wasn't that special
Had me breathing in stress instead of oxygen
Told my mom I'm having suicidal thoughts again
But you don't care, you be acting like it's just pretend
And when I see you, yo there's no way we can just be friends
I didn't love myself, I forgot how to
Realized that I only could without you
I didn't love myself, I forgot how to
Realized that I only could without youI'm feeling up tonight for something dangerous
I know a place up north where no one ever goes
I'm picking you up in ten so raid the cabinets
We'll top the liquor off, they'll never notice

So call your girl and bring her friends
Break the lock, the fun begins
Here the party never ends
Long as we breathe oxygen

Turn it up a little louder 'cause no one is around here
This creepy little place is ours for now
How'd my drink fall off the counter?
Oh, tell me does it feel a little colder?
What's that writing on the mirror?
Couldn't read it any clearer
Somebody wants us all out of this house
I'm not sure that we're alone here
Oh baby, could you stand a little closer?

Followed the staircase but it led me nowhere
They disappeared into the center of a wall
I found the doorway that leads to the cellar
But only after a thirty foot fall

Not sure where this hallway ends
Or my sanity begins
Where the hell are all my friends?
There were six when we walked in

Something's crawling in the attic, I think I'm going manic
The shadow on the wall is not from me
One more shot before I panic
Oh, none of this is getting any clearer
I hear you calling from the bedroom, I swear I'll come and get you
As soon as I remember how to breathe
There's no method to the madness
Where is my reflection in this mirror?

Frozen, I'm all alone when something calls me to the study
I heard in my head, "Third book on the left"
And I find matches and a locket just for me
Frozen, I'm all alone (I can hear you calling)
When something calls me to a study
(I can hear you calling through the wall)
I heard in my head, "Third book on the left"
(I can hear you calling)
And I find matches just for me
(But I can't make a sound at all)

Something's crawling in the attic, I think I'm going manic
The shadow on the wall is closing in
Just when I begin to panic
Somehow I know the person in this locket
I hear you calling from the bedroom, but I don't care to find you
And I'm sure we'll never see outside again
There's a method to the madness
And I still got these matches in my pocket

I don't feel like myself 'cause right now there is someone else
Telling me "Behind the shelf there is gasoline" and
I don't feel like myself, I don't feel like myself
I don't feel a thing
I don't feel like myself 'cause right now there is someone else
Telling me to "pour it out over everything" and
I don't feel like myself, I don't feel like myself
I don't feel a thingWhen I think that I'm over you
I'm overpowered

Your data, my data
The chromosomes match
Exact as in matter
A matter of fact
These amaranth feelings
A cognitive state
Need the love object
To reciprocate

When I think that I'm over you
I'm overpowered
It's long overdue
I'm overpowered
When I think that I'm over you
I'm overpowered
It's long overdue
I'm overpowered

As science struggles on to try to explain
Oxytoxins flowing ever into my brain
As science struggles on to try to explain
Oxytoxins flowing ever into my brain

A chemical reason
If reason's your game
A chemical needing
Is there in the brain
With pre-programmed meanings
Like a little more pep
Alien feelings
We have to accept

When I think that I'm over you
I'm overpowered
It's long overdue
I'm overpowered
When I think that I'm over you
I'm overpowered
It's long overdue
I'm overpowered

As science struggles on to try to explain
Oxy-toxin's flowing ever into my brain
As science struggles on to try to explain
Oxy-toxin's flowing ever into my brain

I'm overpoweredHangul | Korean Original

Oh, no, 시간이 갈수록 널, yeah
Like a black hole, 출구도 없이 깊어져
우리 둘, girl, baby
산소도 없는 우주 한가운데처럼
우리 어디론가, 어디론가
들리는 글자들은 마치 중력처럼
우릴 가두는데 우린 마치

Fire in the water, we are burning wild and free
Just me and you, me and you
Fire in the water, they know nothing ’bout our love
Just me and you, just me and you
Fire in the water
Fire in the water
Fire in the water
Fire in the water

Have you ever loved someone to death
재가 되도 우린 안 식겠지
다짐했지만 시간이 test
In fact 불씨가 죽기 전엔 누구나 완벽한 매치
붙기만 하면 냈지, 때론 빛, 때론 화
돌아보니까 now I can see that is why
서로에게 데었다고 하는 건
그만큼 사랑했다는 걸 빗대는 말
어쩔 수 없나 봐
언제나 불협화음, 이 잔혹한 lullaby
그만두자, 이젠 너도 지치기 싫지?
I made the bed for you, you can ZZZ in peace

Fire in the water, we are burning wild and free
Just me and you, me and you
Fire in the water they know nothing ’bout our love
Just me and you, just me and you
Fire in the water
Fire in the water

몸과 마음을 지폈던 그 추억에
뜨거웠던 만큼 손댈 수 없네
지난날의 기억들이 뿌옇게
재가 되어 눈꽃처럼 이 도시에 수놓네
Have you ever loved someone to death?
Have you ever loved someone to death?
죽도록 사랑하겠다는 게 현실이 된 것 뿐인데
손 떼기 어렵네

Fire in the water, we are burning wild and free
Just me and you, me and you
Fire in the water, they know nothing ’bout our love
Just me and you, just me and you
Fire in the water
Fire in the water
Fire in the water
Me and you baby
Fire in the water
Burning wild and free
Romanization

Oh no sigani galsurok neol
Rike a black hole
Chulgudo eopsi gipeojyeo
Uri dul girl baby
Sansodo eopsneun uju hangaundecheoreom
Uri eodironga eodironga
Deullineun geuljadeureun machi jungryeokcheoreom
Uril gaduneunde urin machi

Fire in the water
We are burning wild and free
Just me and you
Me and you
Fire in the water
They know nothing ’bout our love
Just me and you
Just me and you
Fire in the water
Fire in the water
Fire in the water
Fire in the water

Have you ever loved someone to death
Jaega doedo urin an sikgessji
Dajimhaessjiman sigani teseuteu
In fact bulssiga jukgi jeonen
Nuguna wanbyeokhan maechi
Butgiman hamyeon naessji
Ttaeron bit ttaeron hwa
Dorabonikka now I can see that it why
Seoroege deeossdago haneun geon
Geumankeum saranghaessdaneun geol
Bisdaeneun mal
Eojjeol su eopsna bwa
Eonjena bulhyeophwaeum
I janhokhan lullaby
Geumanduja
Ijen neodo jichigi silhji
I made the bed for you
You can ZZZ in peace

Fire in the water
We are burning wild and free
Just me and you
Me and you
Fire in the water they know nothing ’bout our love
Just me and you
Just me and you
Fire in the water
Fire in the water

Momgwa maeumeul jipyeossdeon geu chueoge
Tteugeowossdeon mankeum sondael su eopsne
Jinannarui gieokdeuri ppuyeohge
Jaega doeeo nunkkocccheoreom
I dosie sunohne
Have you ever loved someone to death?
Have you ever loved someone to death?
Jukdorok saranghagessdaneun ge
Hyeonsiri doen geot ppuninde
Son ttegi eoryeopne

Fire in the water
We are burning wild and free
Just me and you
Me and you
Fire in the water
They know nothing ’bout our love
Just me and you
Just me and you
Fire in the water
Fire in the water
Fire in the water
Me and you baby
Fire in the water
Burning wild and free
English Translation

Oh no, as time goes by
Like a black hole
Deep down both of us girl baby
Like the center of space without oxygen
Where we are and where we are
As you hear
We grab us like gravity

Fire in the water
We are burning wild and free
Just me and you
Me and you
Fire in the water
They know nothing ’bout our love
Just me and you
Just me and you
Fire in the water
Fire in the water
Fire in the water
Fire in the water

Have you ever loved someone to death?
We will not be ashamed if we go to ashes
I promised, but time tested
In fact, everyone is a perfect match for the fire
I just wanna get it, sometimes light, sometimes mad
Looking back I can see that
To say to each other
I love you that much
I can not help it
Always dissonant, this cruel lullaby
Let’s quit it
Do not you want to get tired now?
I made the bed for you
You can ZZZ in peace

Fire in the water
We are burning wild and free
Just me and you
Me and you
Fire in the water
They know nothing ’bout our love
Just me and you
Just me and you
Fire in the water
Fire in the water
Fire in the water
Fire in the water

In the memory of my body and mind
I can't touch you
The memories of the past
They are ashes and painted in this city like snowflakes
Have you ever loved someone to death?
Have you ever loved someone to death?
I’m gonna love you to death
It’s a reality, but it’s hard to break

Fire in the water
We are burning wild and free
Just me and you
Me and you
Fire in the water
They know nothing ’bout our love
Just me and you
Just me and you
Fire in the water
Fire in the water
Fire in the water
Me and you baby
Fire in the water
Burning wild and freeThe nerves are sending shimmering signals
All through my fingers
The veins support
Blood that gushes impulsively towards

The triumph of a heart
That gives all, that gives all
The triumph of a heart
That gives all, that gives all

The stubborn trunks of these legs of mine
Serve as pathways for my favourite fuel
Heading upwards towards my kidneys
(That celebrate)

The triumph of a heart
That gives all, that gives all
The triumph of a heart
That gives all, that gives all

Smooth soft red velvety lungs
Are pushing a network of oxygen joyfully
Through a nose, through a mouth
But all enjoys, all enjoys

The triumph of a heart
That gives all, that gives all
The triumph of a heart
That gives all, that gives all
The triumph of a heart
That gives all, that gives all
The triumph of a heart
That gives all, that gives allLes ailes brûlées, clouée au sol
Et la tête vers le ciel
Vers la splendeur de l'éternel ailleurs
Cherchant l'étoile qui fait tourner la roue
Loin d'ce quadrillage où même l'air ne peut être libre comme l'art
Comme la pureté d'un geste
La profondeur d'une pensée est limitée quand l'opinion est HS
Sans mâcher mes mots, voir large, est-ce barge ?
Est-ce la frontière si fine entre folie et sagesse ?
Réflexion pesante
Cheminement infini en quête de l'archétypique
Mais mon âme est souffrante
Mémoire passée qui voudrait voir mon espoir cassé
Où est la berge ? Où est la perche ?
Maintenant j'en ai assez, je me noies
J'ai perdu ma barque quand j'ai vu que celui qui la conduisait n'était autre que mon ennemi
Mais comme quand la nuit tombe, l'océan et le ciel ne forment qu'un
Alors j'ai pu voir l'espace infini
Oh liberté, ma chère amie, ta présence est abstraite
Vu que c'est dans ma tête que j'ai appris à te connaître
Oh liberté, imbibe mon encre et ne quitte plus mes pensées
Bulle d'oxygène dans un monde limité
Où la vérité se cache en nous
Clairvoyance, intuition mais avons-nous idée de tout ce qui se cache en nous ?
C'est rires contre larmes
L'ego contre l'âme
Et à plus haute échelle je dirais l'Illuminati contre l'Homme
Époque cruelle dénuée de sens
Dur de voir clair derrière les mascarades et les buées de sang
J'me sens comme perdue comme au cœur d'une immense machine
Qui n'en a jamais eu et qui nous dénature
Mauvais pressentiment quand je pense au futur
Les yeux ouverts, l'horreur tente de me les crever mais le plus dur
Reste à venir le jour où ce sera trop tard
Où la surveillance sera absolue et nos prénoms seront des code-barres
Tout va de plus en plus vite car pour eux le temps c'est de l'argent
Alors on oublie de vivre c'est navrant
En nous se créer un vide
Que rien de comblera car l'Ombre s'est emparée d'notre monde
Mais on croit que s'qu'on voit ou s'qu'on veut bien nous laisser voir
Donc ouais on est aveugles
Ça m'fait mal au cœur, mais r'garde même nos âmes buggent
Au fond de nous ces tourments
Car dehors ces tours m'ont soumis à notre sort on oublie qu'la vie est mouvement
Que la force issue d'un idéal, ou d'une volonté transcende tous les schémas établis
Qu'les barrières sont dans nos cranes
Qu'on est seul à pouvoir les virer et s'libérer en laissant notre cœur s'émouvoir
Trop portés sur l'extérieur
Et à force de vouloir être comme tout le monde peu sont quelqu'un
En fin de compte on d'vient c'qu'on nous montre
Au lieu d'être ce qu'on est
Pourtant ce mode de vie fait mal mais on s'laisse cogner
On subit un monde qui nous dépasse
Et qui nous repli sur nous-même en nous laissant des traces
Alors j'ferme les yeux pour ressentir la lueur
Pouvoir faire le vide en moi, afin d'être réceptive au bonheur

Car changer le monde commence par se changer soi-même
Changer le monde commence par se changer soi-même
Changer le monde commence par se changer soi-mêmeI cannot quit you, no matter how I try
Each time I think I have it sussed, next thing I know, I'm floating by
Or I'm scrambling to rack 'em up, to knock 'em back
To climb that gentle ladder to the sky and fall back down
And fall back down, and fall back down

On angel wings, on feathers made of diamond rings
And dragons made of oxygen, vodka and Vicodin
20 milligrams is just the thing
Fall back down on angel wings, on feathers made of diamond rings
Dragons made of oxygen and Prochlorperazine
20 milligrams is all I need

I'm collapsing under everything I've known
I feel quite a lot like I was born alone
Where do I go from here? Where will I run?
How do I survive the fear if fear is all I know?

You are the moment I know I've wronged And I've sung my final song
And I'm balanced on a wooden chair With a stomach full of goose
And I'm swaying like a gorilla on the loose, head in a noose
And this is where I lose it all, don't catch me when I fall
And this is where I lose it all, don't catch me when I fall back down

On angel wings, on feathers made of diamond rings
Dragons made of oxygen, vodka and Vicodin
20 milligrams is just the thing
Fall back down on angel wings, on feathers made of diamond rings
Dragons made of oxygen and Prochlorperazine
20 milligrams is all I needThere was a little boy
Too different to belong
Too lonely to be strong (on fire, on fire, oh)
Laying on the ground
He said that fallin' down
It wouldn't make a sound (on fire, on fire, oh)

So now I'm gonna show ya
'Til the end of time, 'till the end of time (on fire, on fire)
So now you're gonna know, yeah
Why I'm gonna shine, why I'm gonna shine

I'm burnin' I'm on fire
Here I am, inside the flames
I don't care anymore, don't need your oxygen
I'm burning in a new way
Here I am taming the flames
Not afraid anymore, strong like a warrior
And when I hit the dust
I'm gonna get back up
And light up like a flare
I'll be burnin', -in'
And when I hit the dust
I'm gonna get back up
And light up like a flare
I'll be burnin', -in' -in'

There was a little girl
From a broken family
With a silent fantasy (on fire, on fire, oh)
Her head was in the sky
Heart was made of stars
Her skin was made of scars (on fire, on fire, oh)

So now I'm gonna show ya
'Till the end of time, 'till the end of time (on fire, on fire)
So now you're gonna know, yeah
Why I'm gonna shine, why I'm gonna shine

I'm burnin' I'm on fire
Here I am, inside the flames
I don't care anymore, don't need your oxygen
I'm burning in a new way
Here I am taming the flames
Not afraid anymore, strong like a warrior
And when I hit the dust
I'm gonna get back up
And light up like a flare
I'll be burnin', -in'
And when I hit the dust
I'm gonna get back up
And light up like a flare
I'll be burnin', -in' -in'

Oh, I'm burnin', I'm on fire
Oh, I'm burnin'

I'm burnin' I'm on fire
Here I am, inside the flames
I don't care anymore, don't need your oxygen
I'm burning in a new way
Here I am taming the flames
Not afraid anymore, strong like a warrior
And when I hit the dust
I'm gonna get back up
And light up like a flare
I'll be burnin', -in'
And when I hit the dust
I'm gonna get back up
And light up like a flare
I'll be burnin', -in' -in'
I'm burnin' I'm on fire
Here I am, inside the flames
I don't care anymore, don't need your oxygen
I'm burning in a new way
Here I am taming the flames
Not afraid anymore, strong like a warrior
And when I hit the dust
I'm gonna get back up
And light up like a flare
I'll be burnin', -in'
And when I hit the dust
I'm gonna get back up
And light up like a flare
I'll be burnin', -in' -in' -in' -in'Princess cards she sends me with her regards
Barroom eyes shine vacancy, to see her you gotta look hard
Wounded deep in battle, I stand stuffed like some soldier undaunted
To her Cheshire smile. I'll stand on file, she's all I ever wanted
But you let your blue walls get in the way of these facts
Honey, get your carpetbaggers off my back
You wouldn't even give me time to cover my tracks
You said, "Here's your mirror and your ball and jacks."
But they're not what I came for, and I'm sure you see that too
I came for you, for you, I came for you, but you did not need my urgency
I came for you, for you, I came for you, but your life was one long emergency
And your cloud line urges me, and my electric surges free
Crawl into my ambulance, your pulse is getting weak
Reveal yourself all now to me girl while you've got the strength to speak
Cause they're waiting for you at Bellevue with their oxygen masks
But I could give it all to you now if only you could ask
And don't call for your surgeon even he says it's too late
It's not your lungs this time, it's your heart that holds your fate
Don't give me money, honey, I don't want it back
You and your pony face and your union jack
Well take your local joker and teach him how to act
I swear I was never that way even when I really cracked
Didn't you think I knew that you were born with the power of a locomotive
Able to leap tall buildings in a single bound ?
And your Chelsea suicide with no apparent motive
You could laugh and cry in a single sound
And your strength is devastating in the face of all these odds
Remember how I kept you waiting when it was my turn to be the god ?
You were not quite half so proud when I found you broken on the beach
Remember how I poured salt on your tongue and hung just out of reach
And the band they played the homecoming theme as I caressed your cheek
They ragged, jagged melody she still clings to me like a leech
But that medal you wore on your chest always got in the way
Like a little girl with a trophy so soft to buy her way
We were both hitchhikers but you had your ear tuned to the roar
Of some metal-tempered engine on an alien, distant shore
So you, left to find a better reason than the one we were living for
And it's not that nursery mouth I came back for
It's not the way you're stretched out on the floor
Cause I've broken all your windows and I've rammed through all your doors
And who am I to ask you to lick my sores
And you should know that's true...
I came for you, for you, I came for you, but you did not need my urgency
I came for you, for you, I came for you, but your life was one long emergency
And your cloud line urges me, and my electric surges freeTo think about the origins of Hip-Hop in this culture and also about Homeland Security is to see that there are, at the very least, two worlds in America: one of the well-to-do and another of the struggling. For if ever there was the absence of Homeland Security, it is seen in the gritty roots of Hip-Hop. For the music arises from a generation that feels, with some justice, that they have been betrayed by those who came before them, that they are at best tolerated in schools, feared on the streets, and almost inevitably destined for the hell holes of prison. They grew up hungry, hated, and unloved, and this is the psychic fuel that generates the anger that seems endemic in much of the music and poetry. One senses very little hope above the personal goals of wealth to climb above the pit of poverty. In the broader society, the opposite is true, for here, more than any other place on earth, wealth is so wide spread and so bountiful that what passes for the middle class in America could pass for the upper class in most of the rest of the world. They're very opulence and relative wealth makes them insecure and homeland security is a governmental phrase that is as oxymoronic as crazy as saying military intelligence, or the U.S Department of Justice. They're just words, they have very little relationship to reality. Now do you feel safer now? Do you think you will anytime soon? Do you think duct tape and Kleenex and color codes will make you safer? From Death Row this is Mumia Abu-Jamal(intro Anders Öfvergård)
Ja jag har en dokumentär serie som heter Anders och knarket som som egentligen belyser hur det ser ut
(refräng Anders Öfvergård, Malou von Sivers)
Det är tramadol, kannabis å läkemedels droger å kola
Det är tramadol, kannabis å läkemedels droger å kola
Det är tramadol (fett starkt hash)
Oxycontin el, el, eller ladd
Det är tramadol (fett starkt hash)
Oxycontin el, el, eller ladd
(brygga Anders Öfvergård, Malou von Sivers)
Drogerna dr, dr, dr, drogerna
Anders får jag fråga, har du knarkat?
Ehm, jag har provat
Mm
Aa
(refräng Anders Öfvergård, Anders Öfvergård)
Det är tramadol, kannabis å läkemedels dråger å kola
Det är tramadol, kannabis å läkemedels dråger å kola
Det är tramadol (fett starkt hash)
Oxycontin el, el, eller ladd
Det är tramadol (fett starkt hash)
Oxycontin el, el, eller ladd
(vers 1 Anders Öfvergård, greekazo)
Jag förstår ju varför du släpper dem här låtarna med den här musiken
Drogerna, det är det som är trenden just nu
De, de, det kan jag hålla me om
Du har dina 40 miljoner lyssningar
Jag förstår ju, jag förstår ju, en sekund ba
(refräng Anders Öfvergård, Malou von Sivers)
Det är tramadol, kannabis å läkemedels droger å kola
Det är tramadol, kannabis å läkemedels droger å kola
Det är tramadol (fett starkt hash)
Oxycontin el, el, eller ladd
Det är tramadol (fett starkt hash)
Oxycontin el, el, eller ladd
Det är tramadol (fett starkt hash)
Oxycontin el, el, eller ladd
Det är tramadol (fett starkt hash)
Oxycontin el, el, eller ladd
(outro Anders Öfvergård, Malou von Sivers)
Mm
Drogerna, drogerna, drogerna, drog, drog, drog
Fett cooltWhat we think we understand, where we came from, what we think we're doing...
The more you begin to see we've been lied to by every institution
What makes you think that the religious institution is the only one that's never been touched?

I am the annihilator, put apocalypse on lines of paper
We can go toe-to-toe and see whose rhyme is greater
I don't think you ever wanna step inside the chamber
I don't think you wanna see inside the eyes of Vader
Couldn't comprehend the force that I bring
I'm like Rocky Marciano when he walk in the ring
I stalk in the ring, you cowards sounding soft when you sing
But I'm as angry as a motherfucker caught in the bing
It's awful to think, but I'm a warrior and standing tall
And I ain't stopping like the Arab & Israeli War
Ya'll some broke motherfuckers, you can barely ball
I'm eating, my fam eating, cousin, we can share it all
Money the root of all evil, I don't care at all
Now me and Jus is back together, we ain't scared at all
We 'bout to do it all over like it's '99
The Puerto-Rock, the Moreno, and the Ital-i-an

These are the last days; black plagues, mass graves
Half the slaves, AIDS, cascades, black parades
Backpack-strapped grenades, brazen acts of rage, accolades
May as well have rang the bell at the gates of hell
That's a Dave Chappelle, you must hate yourselves
Chasing your tails, wasting, mate in wells
Read your mail, been tracing your paper trails
Incredible, unforgettable, undetectable, impeccable, the inevitable
Unprofessional, unscheduled, rebel, disheveled, unsettled, un-leveled
You're the friend of a friend, I'm the beginning and end
Model citizen, you just model the trends, you just follow your friends
While my opposite twin, two drops hydrogen, one oxygen

When I'm rhyming your jaw drops
Making every one of your thoughts stop
I'm god while ya'll are wrestling over pork chops
Devil had you thinking we was there when that ball dropped
I ain't gonna front; I was strapped with the doors locked
Now I walk around this motherfucker with 4's, ock
Big enough to put a fucking hole in the law, ock
That ain't something that you wanna explore, ock
Unless you want the Army come and kick in your door, ock
Unless you wanna end up bloody and wet
Fuck China's government and what they done to Tibet
We from Philly where the sun doesn't set
Where the motherfuckers rob you with a gun to your neck
Where you shook motherfuckers wouldn't come to the vet
Where your Jordans' getting vicked when you come on the set
Where corrupt cops plant a fucking gun in your vest
Where we retaliate by putting fucking one in they chestTrees will make a forest, trees will make a bow
These are all the harder words you have to know
If everyone's a structure where their own savior sits
I'm a little red house, but no one's living in it
Cars are little blood cells, we are oxygen
City is the airways, suburbs appendages
She was feeling lonely, tired of the hive
Rented out a family and he bought a bride
Little cities' names on very lonely maps
They tied her up and laid her on the train tracks
Where are all the seedlings we grew for violins?
Down in Jersey lumber, still in prosthetic limbs
Should've been a soldier, I could've fought and died
There's no revolution, so I bought a bride
Coming down the aisle while the horns play Taps
They tied her up and laid her on the train tracks
If somehow I was new and everything was unsaid
I'd go and buy a hammer, never sing again
Sleeping on a stairway, dreamt I had a boat
Sailed it out the harbor, shot it full of holes
Folded up my prayer book, I couldn't see the lines
Drowning in a kelp bed, I bought a bride"I would have been completely dead had it not been for the Shark Man
Shark Man? *chuckling*
Judging from his appearance, that's the most appropriate name I could come up with for him
I hate this kid
This—uh—thing you're talking about
It had the body of a shark, and the arms and face of a man?
That's the chap
Holy jumping jackfish!"

*moaning and growling*
Yes—you have met the dangerous 20-year-old uncle of Dr. Octagon
I, myself— Mr. Gerbik: half-shark, half-man, skin like alligator
Carrying a dead walrus
Ooh, check it

With my white eyes, gray hair, face is sky-blue yellow
Sideburns react, my skin is colored lilac
My skin turn orange and green in the limousine
People think I'm mixed with shark, drinking gasoline
Underwater I breathe with lizards on my sleeve
Walking down Hollywood Boulevard with a credit card
Three alligators behind me, feel my skin is hard
Transvestites, and people watch space parasites
I left his head in the store, legs in the street
Body on Wilcox, with blood dripping off my feet
LAPD through gray clouds couldn't see me
I first turned rainbow, closed my eyes, watch my brain glow
People got scared and ranned away they think I'm weird
I was born this way, halfsharkalligator
Is he weird?

Half-shark-alligator-half-man
"Half man, half shark!"
Half-shark-alligator-half-man
"Half man, half shark!"

My vomit fluctuates, covers your skull like protoplasm
Lightning bugs turn pink, on my tongue catches spasms
Green elephants, I battle streets with a zebra
My mechanism is more than Dionne's psychic voodoo
African bees, snakeskin's cobra spit through you my medical passes
You can't see, with 3D glasses
Carbon dioxide, pull it right through 'em with gases
My description dinosaur
I was made half-shark-half-man, my skin is like razor blades
Seven-oh-seven, Mr. Gerbik
Verbally no one change my thoughts, animals fly from Philly
My appetites more big it's time for wildebeests
Adjust my skulls, seven eyes switch hydraulic turtles
And shrimps, smack gorillas make 'em limp
Half-shark-alligator-man

Half-shark-alligator-half-man
"Half man, half shark!"
Half-shark-alligator-half-man
"Half man, half shark!"
Half-shark-alligator-half-man
"Half man, half shark!"
Half-shark-alligator-half-man
"Half man, half shark!"

In my raw world, orangutangs dance for Thanksgiving
With skeleton bones and skunk tails is my mission
Holding backward raps to all my power packs
Baboons clap, and girl horses wanna hit the sack
With two bowls of ocean water, monkeys sniffin' ice
Contact Jupiter fools Martians bring my rice
I'm out flyin' with purple capes in the twilight
Oooh ooh ooh, tonight's the night
My oxygen region's New York to California
Half-shark-alligator-half-man!

The water is deep, and it takes a supreme feat of strength to swim through the water plants while dragging a two hundred and fifty pound sambar... The crocodile's teeth are designed to seize and hold prey, not to cut through skin. During all the hours the sambar lay in the water they are unable to penetrate the deer's tough hide. The crocodiles make a few token objections; but in the end give up without the struggleOnly a chariot could carry it
Across this void
I wouldn't jerry rig or candy coat your Latin kisses
You're not what you aren't
You aren't what you're not
You got what you want, you want what you got
People look great when they shave
Don't they?
We lived on Tennyson and venison and The Grateful Dead
It was Mudhoney summer, Torch of Mystics, Double bummer
You're not what you aren't
You aren't what you're not
You got what you want
You want what you got
Feels so great in the shade
A love like oxygen, so foxy then so terrific now
On a jape I'm returning
Bobby spinning out
I was so messed up
You were drunk and high
Just a rambling wreck
Coming off the breaks to see what was shaking
We grew up listening to the music from the best decade ever
Talking about the A-D-D's
We grew up listening to the music from the best decade everI know I can't take anything with me
But I hope I can hold onto my memories

There are shapes in the patterns on the wall
I don't see people anymore at all
My biggest weakness has become focusing on my weaknesses
Wisdom is a door with a key that's been lost in brokenness
Fractured the skeletons of who we were to build hopefulness

I'm begging on my knees
(Please just let me breathe)
The doctor needs to sleep
(Please just let me breathe)
God, if you're listening
I’ll find my peace with what I see
Please just let me breathe

Hope is the window with the small breeze
Oxygen bleeding onto walls of release
Love is growing together until we know enough
To not want to know each other at all
Where one is void, another is fulfilling
Hate and hope hidden in our humble beginnings
This has been the deathbed of who I was

I'm begging on my knees
(Please just let me breathe)
The doctor needs to sleep
(Please just let me breathe)
God, if you're listening
I’ll find my peace with what I see
Please just let me breathe

I let my mistakes define me
I let my closest friends refine me
I let my intake complete me
I let my own deathbed defeat me
Please just let me breathe
I let my mistakes define me
(Please just let me breathe)
I let my closest friends refine me
(Please just let me breathe)
I let my intake complete me
(Please just set me free)
I let my own deathbed defeat me
Please just set me freeMichael: Hi, there.
Uh, Is it okay if I come over & take a look at your, uh, exhaust manifold on your Dodge Dart?
I've got a piece missing somewhere on mine, and I'm not sure what it is.
I want to see what you got on yours.
Throttle valve strikes dash-pot rod.
The rod must push diaphragm back before it can move back, air must be pushed up in.
This causes the diaphragm to move slowly when the throttle valve is moved away.
The stream will force diaphragm out the air must now vent the dash-pot is ready to work again.
Geri: Is this, to this?
Michael: I don't care what that…
Geri: The rod that they're talking about?
Michael: I don't care what that looks like Geri, I'm telling you what the dash-pot is. Where's the dash-pot on here, Geri?
Geri: I don't know.
Michael: Dash-pot is inside Geri where it's hooked up at.
Geri: And that's not made…
Michael: And that is not made to regulate the fuckin' choke goin' back & forth.
Geri: And that's not the end-loader?
Michael: That's just so you can get pure fuel in there.
Geri: Mm-hmm.
Michael: As soon as you start crankin' it over, whoa!
Deep now deep. You start sucking, and when I start sucking, this choke here. 'Cause you can't just have pure fuel, you won't light, you have to have a little bit of oxygen.
Geri: Mm-hmm.
Michael: It sucks open and it cracks the choke like this.
And that's how that works.
Geri: That is not what you just said.
Michael: I said, no, Geri, the heating is the motherfuckin'… spring!
This one here, as soon as you start turnin' over the engine, it's supposed to pull it back when the vacuum starts.
When the vacuum starts, nothin' to do with fuckin' heat. Vacuum!
Geri: Why are you screaming?
Michael: Because the way you said, "It's supposed to work off heat." No, Geri!
Geri: You said as the car gradually warms up.…
Michael: As it gradually warms up, this muthafucker with the coil, the spring opens it up.
This has already done it's job, the only thing it's job is to do is when you're cranking the engine up after it's been choked, all it does is pull back, then it cracks open just a pinch.
Geri: Then you don't know what it's called.
Michael: The Choke Vacuum Diaphragm.
Geri: Okay.
Michael: I mean, it's right there in the book.
Geri: Sure it is.
Michael: Oh God. You're a hard, hard woman to live with.
Geri: If it was right here in the book, I would've found it.
Michael: Oh you muthafucker, you asshole, you stupid son of a bitch, you showed it to me!
Geri: What, Mike?
Michael: You showed me the god damn thing in the book what it was called. That's what I knew what it was!
Geri: Get out of here and quit yelling at me!
Michael: No, Geri, you're fucked!
Geri: I haven't seen that in there.
Michael: I haven't seen it, you stupid son of a bitch.
Geri: That vacuum thing? Yes.
We don't know what the little business is.
It doesn't explain anything.
I haven't read anything that explains that.
Michael: I told you what it says.
Geri: Yeah, you did yes, yesterday.
Michael: I just told you what it did.
Geri: Mm-hmm?
Michael: And you're sittin' there saying you never saw that before, and yet you're the one that fuckin' showed me it, Geri.
Geri: You stink like gas.
I told you that fuckin' fuel filter was not on there.
It's not that fuckin' orange business hanging across the god damn business.
Michael: Let's try rebuilding the fuckin' carburetor first, Geri.
Let me tell you something, Geri.
Let me tell you a little secret, Geri.
Geri: Don't tell me any secrets, be quiet!
Michael: Oh, man, I quit! I am fed up! I mean, I tell you something and you fuckin' don't believe me.
You show me somethin', and you still don't fuckin' believe me.
Geri: I can't show you anything, Michael, because your head is blank.
Michael: Well your sittin' there tellin' me that muthafucker isn't that.
"Well that's not how it works."
Well, Geri, a mechanic told me that's how it works.
Geri: Who's talking about the truck? We're talkin' about…
Michael: A Dodge Dart, on slant six.
Geri: You have lost your mind.
Michael: What are you talkin' about?
Geri: My God!There is no oxygen in the air
Men and women have lost their hair
Ashen faces legs that stand
Ghosts and goblins walk in this land
When tomorrow becomes yesterday
And tomorrow becomes eternity
When the soul with the soul goes away beyond
When life is taken and there are no more babies born
And there is no one and there is everyone
When there is no one and there is everyone
Tomorrow will be the 22nd century
Tomorrow will be the 22nd century
Tomorrow will be the 22nd century
It will be, it will be, it will be ahh
21st century was here and gone
And the 20th century was the dawn
The begining of the end was the 21st
When the 20th century was at an end
1990 was the year when the plagues struck the earth
1988 was the year when men and women
Struck out for freedom
And bloodletting was the thing that was
People said there was no god
And there was no reason
And there was no cause
1972 was right all the way
Drums and bugles blasting all though the day
Right wing left wing middle of the road
Side winder backswinger backlash whiplash
Race stockings red stockings
Liberation of women liberation of men
Everybody carrying a heavy load
Tomorrow will be the 22nd century
Tomorrow will be the 22nd century
Tomorrow will be the 22nd century
It will be, it will be, it will be
It will be ahh
Liberation of animals
Prevention of cruelty to animals men and beast
Flying and on flying flying things
Revolution of music poetry love and life
Sex change change change
Man is woman woman is man
Even your brain is not your brain
Your heart is a plastic thing which can be bought
There are no more diseases which can be caught
Man became the thing that he worships
Man today became his god
That was the day that man and woman truly became bored
Man became his good
Man became his evil
Man became his god
And man became his devil
Tomorrow will be the 22nd century
Tomorrow will be the 22nd century
Tomorrow will be the 22nd century
It will be, it will be, it will be ahh
Young women without money caught
Big dogs living in marble lofts
Young men die in spring
Boys of 7 falling in love
Give that lady fair a diamond ring
Wedding wedding wedding wedding
No a wedding ain't the thing
Don't want no preacher
Don't want no preacher man preachin
Give me your hand and take my hand
This is better than anybody's preacher man
Truth
Truth is now unfold
It says 7 years
7 years so I am told
Don't sway me over
Don't try to sway me over to your day
On your day
Your day will go away
Tomorrow will be the 22nd century
Tomorrow will be the 22nd century
Tomorrow will be the 22nd century
It will be, it will be, it will be ahh
Oh tomorrow will be the 22nd century
It will be, it will be, it will be
It will be, it will be, it will be, it will be, it will beNobler than Oedipus
Clairvoyant and toothless
Foreplay with no friends
Premature until the end
I've got a secret
Babbling senseless
No one will ever know
Kids can be so cruel
Smash the feeling
Suckle the sugar breast
Too happy - a jerk beyond a smile
An asphyxiophile
I'm the Humper; stop hitting me
Walking the plank, swallowing dirt
Johnny - just skin and juice and hair
A hero unaware
Tied in a knot beneath giggling
My own two hands tickling me
Innocent friction
Boys and girls are stealing my oxygen
Sex? There's no such thing
All that's left is laughing, choking, laughing
Playing solitaire
A rope and mommy's underwear
Hanging on, letting go
Dangling to and fro
NOOO
It can't happen here
Floating away
Tingling
Fluid seeping
Family weeping
It feels so good
So bad
But please
Don't tease me
Sex? There's no such thingI'm finna O.D. for 2K14
Gotta a dinner plate of substances I'm holdin'
You wanna slaughter? Then you don't know me
Should be kickin' and be up the floodin'
Why? Young suicidal, whip out the bible and cum on it
Impregnate the bitch, shit
Money like Jizz, whippin' my wrist
I'm on a field, 3 pints of blue and it's blue
DMT, Oxygen, ooze out the faucet man
Think I'm a fossil man? Fuck
Goddamn, shit !

It's a suicide party, whose tryna die first?
Vodka & Bacardi, where's our advisers?
Oh I guess they're tied up, well let's get higher
Whose tryna die first? Whose tryna die first?
It's a suicide party, whose tryna die first?
Vodka & Bacardi, where's our advisers?
Oh I guess they're tied up, well let's get higher
Whose tryna die first? Whose tryna die first?

She's blackin' out, her homegirl's chokin' her
Think the tequila coachin' her, never got to sober up
All this pretty hair I'm holdin', don't do shit, she's throwin' up
Comatose, hold her close, overdose, I'm fucking lost

It's a suicide party, whose tryna die first?
Vodka & Bacardi, where's our advisers?
Oh I guess they're tied up, well let's get higher
Whose tryna die first? Whose tryna die first?
It's a suicide party, whose tryna die first?
Vodka & Bacardi, where's our advisers?
Oh I guess they're tied up, well let's get higher
Whose tryna die first? Whose tryna die first?Kids are getting smarter but the rent ain't getting cheaper
Zeitgeist operation and the skin is getting pinker
Houseplants in my future, houseplants to disguise
There's a rotten cesspit, fear in your eyes
Rotten cesspit, fear in your eyes
Houseplants, houseplants
We speak about our days, yeah, we speak about a raise
Everybody's bored, we're just too afraid to say
Houseplants in my future, houseplants to disguise
There's a rotten cesspit, fear in your eyes
Rotten cesspit, fear in your eyes
Rotten cesspit, fear in your eyes, ooo

Houseplants, houseplants
Houseplants, houseplants
Houseplants, houseplants

Kids are getting smarter but the rent ain't getting cheaper
Zeitgeist operation and the skin is getting pinker
Houseplants, houseplants
We speak about our days, yeah, we speak about a raise
Everybody's bored, we're just too afraid to say
Houseplants, houseplants
We squeeze it at night, oh, we squeeze it so tight
We squeeze it at night and it's getting so tight
Houseplants, houseplants
Gardens ain't a saviour, decoration ain't behaviour
Gardens ain't a saviour, decoration ain't behaviour
Gardens ain't a saviour, decoration ain't behaviour
Gardens ain't a saviour, gardens ain't a saviour
Gardens ain't a saviour, oh, gardens ain't a saviour
Gardens ain't a saviour, gardens ain't a saviour
Gardens ain't a saviour, gardens ain't a saviour

Houseplants, houseplants
Houseplants, houseplants
Houseplants, houseplants
Houseplants
Houseplants

I find myself looking for a future that doesn't exist
This is my beautiful house and I can't afford to live in it
Money through the back tunnel
1970s war picture living
Children's television
We’re still Making Plans for Nigel
Middle England
General conversation in a sympathetic tone
Trips to B&Q with your other half
This is how the other half live
Green fingers, my friends have new meanings
Career driven
Guided by oxygen
Or maybe I'm just lazy
Houseplants, houseplantsYour holy books inspire hate despair and drama
If your god does love you I hope you make him wear a condom
People think with prayer they're safe in the streets
Fredrick Douglass didn't become free until he prayed with his feet
You can tell that hell and god are man made
They both want unquestioned authority and demand slaves
And any incarnation of slavery's not good
So from here we can deduce Stockholm Syndrome is not hood
But it gets deeper than this
Especially when people get pissed
When you point out their deity's nature and even intent
But I'll never worship anything with evil in it
Especially something who allowed evil to even exist
I don't give a shit if he created me
That don't give him the right to commit genocide with pride and act crazily
His abused and neglected claim this crooked biz
If this was Cali DCFS would have came and took his kids
Belief is so important that if you don't you go to hell
Without the type of proof you'd need in court to avoid a jail
Give me the gas can and send me I don't need the drawers (underwear)
All because I can't fathom how your god doesn't need a cause
(Chorus)
I don't know about you but this looks like imprisonment
Whats worse is that the prisoners don't know that they're prisoners
Even defend the tactics that are used to imprison them
You're a conquered mind sent to conquer other minds selling: "Come and hear our truth"
I dont know about you but this looks like imprisonment
Whats worse is that the prisoners don't know that they're prisoners
Even defend the tactics that are used to imprison them
Another conquered mind trying to conquer other minds pleading: "Come and hear our truth"
Religious freedom is an oxymoron
None of them books scare me, not the Bible not the Qur'an
This is to Islam, and its fundamentalism:
The day you release your women, I'll quit releasing venom
Until then, no amount of scientific contributions
Could ever excuse your hateful chauvinistic institution
But, here's the real reason I'm not a Muslim
Children. See your anointed prophet used to fuck em
Listen, Mohammed was taking children as wives
One he married at six and consummated at nine
He was somewhere in his 50's trying to get in them drawers
She wasn't even 10 yet, still playing with dolls
So they try to give me that, "oh the times were different"
Rationalizing atrocities now you sound like Christians
I charge the views on women as sickening
Either update the culture or just fade into history
But either way...
(Chorus x2)
This looks like imprisonment
Whats worse is that the prisoners don't know that they're prisoners
Even defend the tactics that are used to imprison them
You're a conquered mind sent to conquer other minds selling: "Come and hear our truth"
I don't know about you but this looks like imprisonment
Whats worse is that the prisoners don't know that their prisoners
Even defend the tactics that are used to imprison them
Another conquered mind trying to conquer other minds pleading: "Come and hear our truth"
 Did she make your heart beat faster than I could ?
Did she give you what you hoped for?
Oh, nights...

Yeah, don't get me wrong babe I don't want ya back
But, nobody else can give you what we had
You know it's real cause I can guarantee
You ain't gon' ever meet another me
Another me, another me, yeah
You ain't gon ever meet another me
Another me, another me, another me, oh, oh, oh

I was tied around your finger 'fore you let me go
You say you a real nigga? Why you do me so cold?
Ride for you forever, you left me all alone
Guess that you ain't notice what you got until it's gone
And when you on that liquor, you admitted that
I'm all you ever wanted and the best you ever had
Well, you shoulda seen it quicker, you missed your only chance
Now you crawling right back like, damn

(Honey, honey) Is that the way you feel?
(Baby, baby) Is that the way you feel now?
(Love me, love me) Is that the way you feel?
I turned you down flat, you got a new girl like that
(Honey, honey) So that's the way you feel?
(Baby, baby) Oh yeah, I bet ya feel good
(Love me, love me) Is that the way you feel?
You can keep on tryin', I think you need reminding, baby

Yeah, don't get me wrong babe I don't want ya back
But, nobody else can give you what we had
You know it's real cause I can guarantee
You ain't gon' ever meet another me
Another me, another me, yeah
You ain't gon ever meet another me
Another me, another me, another me, oh, oh, oh

Go on and admit it, no one can compare
Sexy little figure with a curl in my hair
And I would never wander baby, I was faithful
And every night you wanted, I would do you like a pro
I ain't trippin', better off now anyway
Karma seems to echo everything you used to say
None of these basic hoes got nothin' on me
And you know it baby

Yeah, don't get me wrong babe I don't want ya back
But, nobody else can give you what we had
You know it's real cause I can guarantee
You ain't gon' ever meet another me
Another me, another me, yeah
You ain't gon ever meet another me
Another me, another me, another me, oh, oh, oh

(Ye-ea-ea-eahhh, ooh-woah, ooh-woah)
And my tears became a stream
Was drowning endlessly
Oxygen within me, I can breathe
And I betcha fucking miss it
How I used to kiss it
Break us down, hold you tight
Hope you keep my hips wet
A lesson falls upon my mind, baby

(Shut shit down)
Time moves extra fast
(Shut shit down)
When your mind cannot relax
(Shut shit down)
Looking through a tinted glass…I'll light two cigarettes
Then I'll give you one
Oh that never gets old
No that never gets old

You send me your regrets
Look what you've done
Now you'll never grow old
No you'll never grow old

These messages won't compute
Those images don't come through
No matter what you say
No matter what you do
Those images don't come through
These messages won't compute

Your love
Your love
Score love as a painkiller
Your love
More love
Pure love as a painkiller
Your love
Is just
Your love is a painkiller
Your love is a painkiller

Sweet tasting overdose
Oxytocin
Oh I'll never be told
No I'll never be told

These messages won't compute
Those images don't come through
No matter what they say
No matter what they do
These messages won't compute

Your love
Your love
Score love as a painkiller
Your love
More love
Pure love as a painkiller
Your love
Your love
Score love as a painkiller
Your love
More love
Pure love as a painkiller

These messages won't compute
These messages won't compute
These messages won't compute
These messages won't computeYeah, sniffing Oxycontins to medicate
I'll cut your fucking head off then I lick the machete blade
I'm so unorthodox that a pussy get torn out the box
Body parts inside the freezer, never let the corpses rot
Yeah!, Don't like bitches, did he talk a lot?
I spit a couple lines, and got this trick up out her halter top
Mr. Benton, Amber alert your bitch is missin'
I'm in the kitchen, twitchin', I need a fix my skin is itchin'
I took a piss in public, got a misdemeanor
I'm cheap, I take a bitch to Arby's, get her chicken fingers
Twistin' some reefer, got her twisted to demeanor
They kick me out of Sunday school for hittin' the preacher
Started drinking gasoline cause I'm sick of tequila
I'll eat through the fucking speakers and shoot at ya teacher
My high is coming down, feel like I'mma finna crash
Go on a killing spree, and murder rappers with Vinnie Paz
(Ahah! Jarren Benton! What up Vinnie!?)

I guess you thinkin' this what you built for
You killed a couple lines, homie we done killed more
You wanna battle, we brought a war
Break out the chain mail, swing a fucking sword
I guess you thinkin' this what you built for
You killed a couple lines, homie we done killed more
You wanna battle, we brought a war
Break out the chain mail, swing a fucking sword

You give a mother fucker an inch, she take a yard
That just mean I'm have to rearrange her faith in God
I'm robbing every mother fucker, making Satan starve
Create a spell inside the gates of hell, and take his job
The drums is always mad heavy and the bass is hard
How are you pulling all the strings you got a fake guitar
Wild cowboy, punch you in your facial part
I drink my liquor from a mother fucking mason jar
I shine when I rhyme, like a mother nature star
You pussies always backing up like you was David Carr
Give me the weakest fucking beat, and I can make it raw
Performing heart surgery with a serrated sword
Not even Frank Ocean is afraid of y'all
Matter fact, he's taking off his shirt so he can bathe with y'all
A'yo Jarren why you have to be amazing for it
Take the Whitney out, and bump the cutter like we playing ball

I guess you thinkin' this what you built for
You killed a couple lines, homie we done killed more
You wanna battle, we brought a war
Break out the chain mail, swing a fucking sword
I guess you thinkin' this what you built for
You killed a couple lines, homie we done killed more
You wanna battle, we brought a war
Break out the chain mail, swing a fucking sword

(Sinister laughs)
Swing a fucking sword...
(Sinister laughs)
You wanna battle, we brought a war
Break out the chain mail, swing a fucking sword
(Sinister laughs x3)Two tickets to the rabbit hole, please
I gave them half my earnings and all they gave me was this suite
She's fuelling up whilst talking down to me
God you must be the biggest caner this whole world has ever seen
Take what you want from me, Isabel

Isabel
You make it feel as though I've won and the dullest parts may never come
Isabel, I'm much better, Isabel
When you're ripping my life apart
I think it's you that's the true rockstar around here

It must be the oxygenated air
That keeps my confidence rising and keeps my mind without a care
And as Nights in White Satin hits its peak
You grab me by the collar and whisper, What's in store for me?
Do what you will to me, Isabel

Isabel
You make it feel as though I've won and the dullest parts may never come
Isabel, I'm much better, Isabel
When you're ripping my life apart
I think it's you that's the true rockstar around here
So tell me sweetheart, did they teach you all of this in a school, love?
In a school, around here?
Because I'm out my depth now, you can't leave me all alone in this bed
Covered in your sweat and my fear
I could do with keeping you near
I could do with keeping you, Isabel

Isabel
You make it feel as though I've won and the dullest parts may never come
Isabel, I'm much better, Isabel
Now you're ripping my life apart
I think it's you that's the true rockstar around here
Around here
Around here
Around hereSee I think I drowned the other day
My heart was torn, but my body was set to leave it all
And I took her hand to say as much I would love just to stay here
There’s things I owe to the world above, to the world above
Can I tell you all the things that I’ve learnt out on the streets
Is angels come in forms of dogs and girls, babies I meet
Can I tell you all the things
I ever learnt in love was how to howl
Now that I prefer to feel it all, to feel it all

So if we could start over, somewhere 10 feet underwater
If we could start over again
So if we could start over, somewhere 10 feet underwater
Would we start over again, again
See if we had gills we never would have learnt how to swim
How to swim, how to swim

And it breaks my heart everyday
Seeing things that I wish weren't going on
But before I can give you depth there is 6 or 7 seas left between
Who I am and who I will become, who I will become
Can I tell you all the things that I’ve learnt out on the streets
Is angels come in forms of dogs and girls, babies I meet
Can I tell you all the things
I ever learnt in love was how to howl
Now that I prefer to feel it all, to feel it all

So if we could start over, somewhere 10 feet underwater
If we could start over again
So if we could start over, somewhere 10 feet underwater
Would we start over again, again
See if we had gills, we never would have learnt how to swim
How to swim, how to swim

And there’s things I’ve done that I’m not proud of
Like going to SeaWorld, or being on my phone when I'm driving alone
But if I need, and if we need a way out you can take my hands drag me down, drag me down
Lover you can lift me up

Just say love I need you more, I need you more
Than all the oxygen that your lungs adore
Just say love that I need you more, I need you more
Than all the oxygen that your lungs adore
C’mon now
Just say love that I need you more, I need you more
Than all the oxygen your lungs adore
C’mon now
Just say love that I need you more, I need you more
Than all the oxygen your lungs adore

If we could start over, somewhere 10 feet underwater
Would we start over again
So if we could start over, somewhere 10 feet underwater
Would we start over again, again
See if we had gills, we never would have learnt how to swim
How to swim, how to swimOxygen, oxygen, oxygen
Black out the sun
Oxygen, oxygen, oxygen

Underestimated and far from the grave
The brighter the fire, the sharper the blade
And the undertaker awaits me but this body's for the pyre
So ash he'll receive
We didn't come this far to feed the ship to the sea
This body's for the pyre
So ash he'll receive

Oxygen, oxygen
Black out the sun
You'll see I can be the light
Oxygen, oxygen
I'll boil the seas as I sink to the bottom of the ocean
Oxygen, oxygen
Rip out the claws, you'll still meet the teeth in time
Oxygen, oxygen
Spoil the feed, we'll feast on the venom of aversion

Cast from the crest
The kingdoms of the Judas crown
The fleecing traitors and the wooing gowns
Look around you, if it blocks your path
Burn it down
Pile it on, I'll burn it all
Fire crawls any wall in its way
So when there's nothing left to burn
I'll set myself ablaze
All we are is spark and flame

Oxygen, oxygen
Black out the sun
You'll see I can be the light
Oxygen, oxygen
I'll boil the seas as I sink to the bottom of the ocean
Oxygen, oxygen
Rip out the claws, you'll still meet the teeth in time
Oxygen, oxygen
Spoil the feed, we'll feast on the venom of aversion

Underestimated and far from the grave
The undertaker's gotta wait for me
'Cause I'm far from fading (Test me)
This body's for the pyre. it can take the heat
It can take the heat
This body's for the pyre. it can take the heatI feel knotted up today
But in a most exquisite way
Like neckties or like macrame
Bowlines and Zeppelin bends
If you were a theremin
I wouldn't know where to begin
My hands would stay here on my chin
With a hum that never ends
This suit doesn't fit me
I made it myself counterfeitly
With buttons of blue
Killing me with déjà vu
It's a gift for you
When I escape at last
When enough time has passed
But something keeps me as a pet
The only house that's not on fire yet
I made it when I was an architect
This is just a side effect
I feel strangely regular
But honestly I prefer it to
The usual bizarre
Damn that oxymoron
If you were a piece of dust
I'd shine a light through the busted window
And I'd learn to trust
In the updraft that you're on
Click! Click! Auto-focus!
The film's in the can like hocus-pocus
A picture of you
Killing me with déjà vu
Don't know what I'll do when I escape at last
When the end of time has passed
But something keeps me as a pet
The only house that's not on fire yet
I made it when I was an architect
This is just the side effect
The punchline is: there is no punchline
The punchline is: there is no punchline
The punchline is: there is no punchline
The punchline is that there is no punchline
The punchline is that there is no punchline
The punchline is that there is no punchline
The punchline is: there is no punchline
The punchline is that there is no punchline
Oh! I just thought of how to change all the hate
Into love with the old switcheroo
Dancing in my déjà vu
You'll be dancing too
When I escape at last
When the future is the past
But something keeps me as a pet
The only house that's not on fire yet
The only house that's not on fire yet
The only house that's not on fire yet
The only house that's not on fire (yet)We'll be alright
We'll be alright
We'll be alright
We'll be alright

Head stuck to my pillow
Sunshine sneaking up through the window
Three birds peeping in the weeping willow
And no signal
I got ripped jeans cause my hand me downs holy
Flaked on by my fridge like tony
Guess I’ll be eating all the words you say
And you say everything is gonna be okay 'cause

We'll be alright
We'll be alright
We'll be alright
We'll be alright

And now the breeze got us feeling good
Cruising 'round the neighborhood
Living like a child would
And love you like my mama could
Windows down if I’m around surround the oxygen with sound
You could be my lucy let’s kick it like charlie brown
Woah baby loosen up that load you’re afraid to lose control
You should listen to your soul

We'll be alright
We'll be alright
We'll be alright
We'll be alright

Man I used to stay awake all night
And wonder if I’m worth the fight
But I woke up I’m still alive
That’s how I know we’ll be alright
Used to stay awake all night
And wonder if I’m worth the fight
But I woke up I’m still alive
That’s how I know we’ll be alright(Is anybody out there?)
(Help me!)
Reach for the stars!
Whoahhohhh, yeahh

You stand on a distant planet
Skyline of red plateaus
Strange air and vegetation
You're a winner!
Welcome to the Space Olympics
The year 3022
Take part in a grand tradition
Your name echoes in the holes of the universe!
OHHHHHH! Yeahh yeahhhhh
Believe in yourself
Take your game into outer space

Every single galactic athlete
Needs a coded ID badge
Drug tests are mandatory
You're a winner!
The Athlete's Village is on Zargon
You all get a junior suite
We don't cover incidentals
So keep your ass out the minibar!
You're the best in the world!
Brace yourself cause there's no gravity
You're in the motherfuckin' Space Olympics!
Yeahh-hah-hahhhh

Let it be known by every nation
You'll only get one meal a day
There was a bit of a budget snafu
And food funding is insufficient!
We can't really enforce a curfew
As there is no light or sound
Just one of the many problems
With hosting a sporting event in space

(Attention all athletes)
(There are minor scheduling adjustments)
Space Disc! Is totally canceled
Space Swords! Is totally canceled
Space Luge! Is also canceled
And all other events are pending!

Welcome to your Space Olympics
All the oxygen has run out
And someone who will not be named
Accidentally hit self-destruct
As you file to your escape pods
I'll distract the alien hordes (YOU'RE IN THE MOTHERFUCKIN SPACE OLYMPICS)
And as I stare death in the face
I know my sins will take me to hell
You do it for the love, my love
And there ain't no woman that could take your spot my loveYou are the moonlight in the sky that I'm pursuing
You are the reason for what I'm doing
You are the crystalline that keeps me from my ruin
You are the movement
You're the true north pointing back home
You are the constant, my constellation
You're the steady hands of a ticking clock that I'll come to rely on

Oh, it's so clear
Come a little closer
All of my love is right here
I just want to hear you whispering you still trust
You're the only thing that I have ever been sure of
I just wanna be where you are
I promise I won't let you down
Honey, it's so clear now

You are the four winds
You're the catalyst of high hopes
You are the beauty
The sparks revival
You are the oxygen inside these lungs that's giving life to my bones

Oh, it's so clear
Come a little closer
All of my love is right here
I just want to hear you whispering you still trust
You're the only thing that I have ever been sure of
I just wanna be where you are
I promise I won't let you down
Honey, it's so clear now

Oh, it's so clear
Come a little closer
All of my love is right here
I just want to hear you whispering you still trust
You're the only thing that I have ever been sure of
I just wanna be where you are
I promise I won't let you down
Honey, it's so clear now

Honey, it's so clear now
It's so clear now
I promise I won't let you down
Honey, it's so clear now
Honey, it's so clear now
Honey, it's so clear now

It feels like heaven is coming down
It's right here with me it's all around
I once was so lost but I am found
When I'm with you
No ones watching the way you move
Your body's dancing under the moon
You always know just what to do

When I'm with you
When I'm with you
When I'm with you
When I'm with youI come back
Every year I get newer
I'm the dust on the moon
I'm the trash in the sewer, let's go
I come back
Every year I get brighter
If you thinking hip-hop is alive hold up your lighter, let's go
I come back
Every year I'm expanding
Talking to developers about this city we planning, c'mon
I come back
Through any endeavor, this is hip-hop
We gone last forever

Hip means to know
It's a form of intelligence
To be hip is to be up-date and relevant
Hop is a form of movement
You can't just observe a hop
You got to hop up and do it
Hip and hop is more than music
Hip is the knowledge, hop is the movement
Hip and hop is intelligent movement
Or relevant movement
We selling the music
So write this down on your black books and journals: hip-hop culture is eternal
Run and tell all your friends
An ancient civilization has been born again, it's a fact

I come back
Every year I'm the Strongest
Krs-one, Marley Marl
Yup we last the longest, let's go
I come back
Cause I'm not in the physical
I create myself man I live in the spiritual
I come back through the cycles of life
If you been here once you gone be here twice
So I tell you, I come back
Cause you must learn too
Hip-hop culture is eternal

Hip-hop- Her Infinite Power, Helping Oppressed People
We are unique and unequaled
Hip-hop - Holy Integrated People, Having Omnipresent Power
The watchman's in the tower of hip-hop
Hydrogen Iodine Phosphorous, Hydrogen Oxygen Phosphorous
That's called hip-hop
The response of cosmic consciousness
To our condition as hip-hop
We gotta think about the children we bringing up
When hip and hop means intelligence springing up
We singing what, sickness, hatred, ignorance and poverty
Or health, love, awareness and wealth
Follow me

We will be here forever, we will still be here forever
Get what I'm saying, forever
Marley
I come back
Every year I get newer
That's that
That's thatCisza... Dźwięk zapalniczki... THC...
Ponoć wiesz, co czeka mnie... Wiem, co czeka Ciebie
Wdech... wydech... EKG! Wzrasta licznik PKB...
Dziecka śmiech za oknem na świat, gdzie krew za krew... Jebał pies!
Sporo za wiele, żeby to opowiadać! Wolę kamperem zdobywać świat, brat!
I nie ma bata, żebym obejrzał się za Hydrą! Nieraz przykro...
Gdzieś mam dyplom... Czek na zwykłość... Twoja kolej... Teraz Ty, bro!
Niech Cię niedaleka przyszłość wystrzeli nad skalę mega mikro! Leć!
Trzeba tylko chcieć, negatywną rzecz, zamienić na zwykłą chęć!
To zmienia wygląd wnętrz i tło zdjęć! Trzeba tylko trwać...!
Płynie rynną deszcz...! Trzeba mimo lat...! Bywa dziwną treść...!
Trzeba i to tak żeby było pięć..! Przebacz mi, to ja! Rzeczywistość! Cześć!
Nie ma dróg bez wyjść! Tyle, że nie chce to przejść przez gardło mi
Wzbiera bunt przez myśl..! Chwile ze ślepcem, potem bezradność i
Przekazuję Ci... List... Bowiem to w Tobie jest wartość... Ty...
Teraz musisz iść..! Idź! Nie oglądaj się za mną Żyj!

Gdzieś gubimy cel pośród dni, więc dokąd tak biec?
Śmierć mrozi krew
Wstecz już nigdy nie pozwól mi oglądać się
Gniew rodzi gniew
Płyną chodniki łez przez szept rozbitych serc
Po kątach stres, weź głęboki wdech
Niech śmiech budzi śmiech
Już dziś odrzućmy pęd
Musimy iść, nie biec
Ponoć było ich trzech - Projektanci Ludzkich Wnętrz

Nie bójmy się użyć słowa choroba, pękło lustro - szkoda...
To do młodości oda, wewnątrz pusto, piękno uschło
Lęk to bóstwo A co jak nie ma Boga? Error, chuj w to?
Ze mną czuj to, ostudź gniew, też na dekalogach
Zwodowałem cenną łódź swą i nagle odbił ster!
Tkwię na mieliźnie złości, jestem rozbitkiem. Zombie-Man
Zwątpiłem w boski gen, sam sobie obcy czekam na sądny dzień
Nienawidzę mordy swej, pozostały szczątki z niej
Kolejny "Lonely Day" w mrocznym Nottingham, mamo jestem lotnikiem!
Świadomości kontyngent leci na piąty kontynent, cel misji - oxygen
Już czas wyczyścić z nienawiści - Toxic Land!
Ludzie to pionki w grze, wciągnięci w owczy pęd
Potrafią na cząstki rozbić łeb, byleby dogonić chory trend
Więc ocnkij się!
Chodźmy gdzieś, chłońmy tlen, zdala od głodnych hien
Łapmy bezpowrotny dzień, przerwijmy ten samotny sen-Wake Up!
Ludzkość od ludzkości - przepaść, zmyjmy z mordy make-up
Przestań grzebać w śmieciach! Get up! Stand up!
Chodźmy, czeka nowy etap!

Wiem, że nie wiedziałeś, kim będziesz w tym życiu
To nie film, choć gębę znasz i tytuł, każą iść prędzej
Hajs Ci tu robi, dziś Gatesem każdy tu chce być
Lecz nie Gates-em, sprawdź ich tu- lecz celebrytą, co śpi na kasie
Bo dziś to hajs daje te szanse, a szanse są tym hajsem!
Jeśli dziś świat to internet, lepiej zrób sobie skan plików
Co najwyżej możesz zmienić se interface jak swój tani chiński garnitur
Twój nick, ich serwer. Więzień, którego znajdą i tak po IP-ku
Bo wciąż to jest ich Wembley, nie graj na podstawie ich partytur!
Nie rozbijesz, synu, łbem muru, to jak wziąć szklankę na crash test
Ja do dziś śnię swój sen królów i wbijam w pancerz lancę
Dzieckiem jest się zawsze, pacjent, a więc nie myśl jak komputer
Bo wszystko jest trudne zanim stanie się łatwe. Von Gute!
Więc tylko pozytywny vibe mi tu daj, dla freaków haj
Transmituj raj, nie jak w Cannes man, taktyką gambitu graj...
Uliczny Hardvard znasz. To nie Alcatraz, zobacz zwalnia czas...
Ej, yo, ziom, wiesz co?
Idź i nie oglądaj się za siebie......Ay Mike, Mike Will Made It
This feel like that one…
You know, the one that make the club go dumb
EarDrummers

I'm in the club, all to the back, to the back
Techno to the mass, you all know how to act
It's another one, yeah it's another one
It's another one, yeah it's another one
I step back on the scene, all the ladies scream
Just a fresh clean, they surround me like a fiend
It's another way, yeah it's another one
It's got the other one, but no, it's another one

Alright
It's S-L-I-C-E, pointing over here, I know you see me
When we walk up in the building, they know who we'll be
We'll be here, it's a movie 3D
Yeah, this beat is wild, it makes the club go down
All this money on it baby, hold a minute, hold up
I've been running games, and tell this fucking bear
This is zone pimping, so I got my friends there
I've been there, big checks, I've been there
Your club, I'm in there
Tell them nigags get back, Philly
I think this is a smash, wait a minute, hold up
I ain't called freebandz
Freebndz!

I'm in the club, all to the back, to the back
Techno to the mass, you all know how to act
It's another one, yeah it's another one
It's another one, yeah it's another one
I step back on the scene, all the ladies scream
Just a fresh clean, they surround me like a fiend
It's another way, yeah it's another one
It's got the other one, but no, it's another one

Alright its another one yeahI think they're on to us
All the ladies loving this, and anybody wanna fuck with us
Everybody in here, I stack it up and stand there
I ain't cold, we're in this, to win it, we win this
Breath another oxygen, I got you niggas coughin'
Been running games, until it's 4th and inches
I'm on my own division
East Side I've been there, big chase I've been there
Your club I'm in there
Tell them niggas get back, Philly
Ha, I think this is a smash
Hold a minute, hold up
I ain't called freebandz
Freebandz!

I'm in the club, all to the back, to the back
Techno to the mass, you all know how to act
It's another one, yeah it's another one
It's another one, yeah it's another one
I step back on the scene, all the ladies scream
Just a fresh clean, they surround me like a fiend
It's another way, yeah it's another one
It's got the other one, but no, it's another one

Yeah, it's another what, yeah it's another hit
Niggas be hating you, they'll be on the other shit
Catch me in the club, you know the girls love Nolan Gang
Yeah baby I'm Levi Leer and now the girls know my name!
Death upon the screen, yeah, all the girls scream
I'll be dressed so fresh and clean in my true religion jeans
And my pockets filled with cheese but in my pockets I got extra dough
Spend this money fast cause I think these niggas want mo'
I'll be making money, I think I found the receipt
I can see the future like that nigga standing next to me
No one knows what you ask for
Hey, it's another one, give him my number

I'm in the club, all to the back, to the back
Techno to the mass, you all know how to act
It's another one, yeah it's another one
It's another one, yeah it's another one
I step back on the scene, all the ladies scream
Just a fresh clean, they surround me like a fiend
It's another way, yeah it's another one
It's got the other one, but no, it's another oneInterplanetary adversaries battling for supremacy
Sounds like a good way to build up my infamy
Soon as Automator sent for me
We headed over to receive our registration forms from the galactic embassy
(Yes, may I help you?)
Remember me?
To escape a global panic we had to intercede
(Oh you're here for the battle forms)
Yeah can we get them for free
(I'm afraid not you'll have to pay the entry fee)
It was worth a try when we 1st arrived on mercury
Gravity adjustment was a must then
Step up contestant
Number 12, I was 13 he started bursting ammunition that wasn't working
His rudimentary technical abilities couldn't kill me
Knocked me for a loop
But I can still breathe
He had the crowd going by appearance
Then comes the anticipated interference from his squad of guards
I bust back with an onslaught of Hydrothermal clod that burn their third eye
Though outnumbered I come with heat & trigger a massive explosion to the beat
They hit me with compressed air
Left my chest bare
My sonic stun gun takes em out by the next snare
We won the battle just as the oxygen tanks were running out
So we're back to the ship
Pull a map from a blip
Manipulate the cursor
Recharge our essentials set the coordinates then flow
Through a trillion miles of space with style embrace
Next stop Pluto to rock these new flows
Atmosphere methane be strategic like a chess game
Leaves this mc with chest pains
I had to battle a shadow in his black life form
He dazzled me addin' 3 points to his score
Engulfed my microphone with darkness added 3 more
The panel started to roar
I had to find the core of his power
He stretched his text causing me to black out
It took my DAT out
I couldn't back out
It took out the sound man I'm taking a pounding
I bust out a acappella that's astounding
Project a unibeam through his spleen
Pulled out my x-ray cannons to disintegrate the phantom
It's not finite cell structure ruptured
His form will get all bust up into clusters
Shadowy masses spread to the greater darkness of outer space
Now I'm placed 1st among artists
Serve dude, more space travel
Computer
(Yes Deltron)
What have you?!
Next destination
(The colony of Sicilia: an earth colony)
Oh, this is appealing
Hyperspace
With mic in place we was off breathing frost
In the void thinking what if we had lost
Ha
Entertain an ignorant thought
Land Ho, Sicilia we entered the port
Fill out a few forms then we meet our challenger named Qusar
(No matter who you are I'll handle ya)
He's a real charmer
I threw on my plasteel armor
He wants to absorb the talents that I worked so hard for
A biter hard core
I busted a few shots and opened him like a car door
He was a quadruped, four arms
He hit me with four fore arms made of bronze
I said Automator play the song
(You got it)
Was the theme
Made a slight alteration in my scheme
Set him up with a cognition beam with his double team
Leaned toward his dome piece and reamed the back of his neck
With a cranial disruption siphon
Squeezed out his brain like juice
Like a pythonOUTLINE 18
I. OXYGEN TRANSPORT
A. Dissolved in the Blood
1. 1.5%: dissolved
B. Oxyhemoglobin
1. 98.5%: bound to hemoglobin
2. Without oxygen, deoxyhemoglobin
C. O2 Carrying capacity of Blood and Resting O2 Extraction
1. Carrying capacity = gm Hb/dl x 1.34 ml O2/gm Hb
a. 15 g/dl x 1.34 ml O2/gm Hb = 20.1 ml O2/dl or 20 vol %
2. Resting O2 extraction
a. Of the 20 ml being transported, each 100 ml of blood delivers only 5 ml of O2
b. At rest, body requires 250 ml O2/min
1. So what must flow be to deliver sufficient oxygen??
c. 5 ml O2 delivered x 250 ml O2 required 100 ml blood x ml
x = 5000 ml/min (Systemic Flow??? 5 L/min)
Oxygen delivery is neither constant nor arbitrary. Active tissues receive more O2; inactive tissues receive less O2.
D. Oxyhemoglobin Dissociation Curve
Graph: PO2 vs. % Saturation Hb
1. Hemoglobin delivers only 20-30% of its supply.
a. At PO2 of 100 mm Hg in arterial blood
(pulmonary venous blood), :Hb is 98% saturated
b. At PO2 of 40 mm Hg in venous blood after O2 is delivered: Hb is 70% saturated
2. Active tissue receives more O2: curve shifts right
a. Active tissue has the following:
1. Increase in PCO2
2. Increase in H+ ion concentration
3. Decrease in pH, more acidic
4. Increase in temperature
3. Inactive tissue receives less O2; curve shifts left
a. Inactive tissue has the following:
1. Decrease in PCO2
2. Decrease in H+ ion concentration
3. Increase in pH, more alkaline
4. Decrease in temperature
II. CARBON DIOXIDE TRANSPORT
A. Dissolved in the blood (10%)
B. Carbaminohemoglobin (20%)
C. Bicarbonate (70%)
1. Define:
a. Carbonic anhydrase:
b. Chloride shift:
1. In tissues:
2. In lungs, process is reversed
____________________________________________________________
D. Role of Hemoglobin as a Buffer
a. Globin: Carries H+ and CO2
1. CO2 and H+ levels increase together
a. Globin binds increase in H+ so H+ doesn't enter the plasma and cause pH to decrease (become acidic)
b. As H+ is loaded onto Hb, O2 is bumped off
1) Bohr Effect
2. Increase in CO2 production, Hb accepts even more
a. Limits the amount of CO2 dumped into the blood
b. Haldane Effect
III. REGULATION OF ALVEOLAR VENTILATION
A. Medullary Centers (Primary)
0. Controls the rate and rhythm of breathing
1. Inspiratory Centers: Dorsal respiratory group (DRG)and Ventral Respiratory Group (VRG)
a. Innervation
1. Phrenic nerves to diaphragm
2. Intercostal nerves to external intercostal muscles
c. DRG integrates information from peripheral stretch and chemoreceptors
d. VRG inititates an impulse or signal
1. Impulse causes muscle contraction;
a. Inspiratory phase lasts about 2 sec
e. VRG expiratory neurons fire; impulses stop
a. Passive expiration occurs
1. Muscles relax, thoracic cavity decreases,
lungs recoil
2. Expiratory phase lasts about 3 sec
f. Result: Resp rate of 12-15: normal
a. Eupnea: good breath
2. Expiratory Center: Ventral Respiratory Group (VRG)
a. Active during forced expiration
1. Stimulates contraction of internal intercostals
B. Pontine Centers (Secondary)(Regions in the pons)
1. Pontine respiratory group transmits impulses to the VRG
2. Basic effects
a. Influences and modifies the activity of medullary neurons;
b. Smooths out the transitions from inspiration to expiration

C. Hering-Breuer Reflex (Inspiro-inhibitory reflex):
Prevents overstretch by inhibiting further inspiration
1. Stretch receptors in the wall of the lung, sense stretch
2. High degree of stretch: receptors fire
3. Info is carried via afferent vagal fibers to DRG
4. Inhibits respiration; expiration occurs; lungs recoil
5. Prevents overstretch by inhibiting further inspiration
D. Chemoreceptor Reflexes
Arterial PCO2 is most important stimulus for respiration!!!
***Chemoreceptors respond to PCO2, H+, and O2***
1. PCO2
a. Direct effect on respiration
1. Chemoreceptors (ARTERIAL!!)
a. Central: In medulla
b. Peripheral: Aortic arch and carotid sinus
2. Increase in PCO2, DRG is stimulated, respiration increases
b. Indirect effect on respiration
1. Increase in CO2, diffuses into CSF
2. Combines with H2O,then dissociates
3. Forms HCO3- and H+, decreasing pH of CSF
4. Central receptors are excited
5. DRG is stimulated, increasing respiration
2. pH
a. Increase in H+, peripheral receptors are activated
b. Stimulate DRG, increase in respiration
3. PO2
a. Must be a big decrease in O2 to serve as a stimulus
1. Resevoir of O2 on Hb
2. Only 20-30% reduction in %HB saturation at rest
b. Increase in PCO2 stimulates respiration first
1. Decrease in PO2 increases sensitivity to CO2 levels
c. In patients with pulmonary disease, CO2 may be chronically elevated
1. Receptors become less sensitive
2. Decrease in PO2 then becomes important
a. Produces the hypoxic drive for respirationWake up sweatin' in the summer
Laying next to you (Next to you)
Feel you in the covers
On me like a new tattoo

Hope I, wish I
Knew how to start up time
Before we realize
We're a scene from a movie without a happy ending

It's like we're swimming in the deep end
Breath away from drowning
No way we ain't going down (no way we ain't going)
'Cause we're burning it at both ends
Heating up in your bed
We're ignoring all our doubts
Do you fear the pain
That we'll face one day?
Swimming in the deep end
Breath away from drowning
Kiss me like I'm oxygen (Like I'm oxygen)

Kiss me like I'm oxygen (Like I'm oxygen)
Kiss me like I'm oxygen

(Like I'm oxygen)
(Like I'm oxygen)
(Like I'm oxygen)
(Like I'm oxygen)

So good when we're together
It's kinda hard to believe it
And when you say forever
Do you even mean it?

Hope I, wish I
Knew how to start up time
Before we realize
We're a scene from a movie without a happy ending

It's like we're swimming in the deep end
Breath away from drowning
No way we ain't going down
'Cause we're burning it at both ends
Heating up in your bed
We're ignoring all our doubts
And do you fear the pain
That we'll face one day?
Swimming in the deep end
Breath away from drowning
Kiss me like I'm oxygen

Like I'm oxygen
Like I'm oxygen
Like I'm oxygen
Like I'm oxygen
Like I'm oxygen

Do you fear the pain
That we'll face one day?
Swimming in the deep end
Breath away from drowning
Kiss me like I'm oxygen (Like I'm oxygen)

Oxygen, oxygen
Oxygen, oxygen
Oxygen, oxygen
Kiss me like I'm oxygen (Like I'm oxygen)
Oxygen, oxygen
Oxygen, oxygen
Oxygen, oxygen
Kiss me like I'm oxygen (Like I'm oxygen)

Like I'm oxygen
Like I'm oxygen
Like I'm oxygen
Like I'm oxygen• Absurdity
• Accumulatio
• Acutezza
• Ad hominem
• Adjunction
• Aesthetics
• Aetiologia
• Affectus
• Agenda
- Alliteration
• Alloisis
• Ambigua
• Amplificatio
• Amplification
• Anacoenosis
• Anacoluthon
• Anadiplosis
• Analogy
• Anaphora
• Anastrophe
• Anecdote
• Animorum motus
• Antanaclasis
• Anthimeria
• Antimetabole
• Antinome
• Antiptosis
• Antistrophe
• Antithesis
• Antonomasia
• Aphaeresis
• Apocope
• Apokoinu
• Apophasis / Apophesis
• Aporia
• Aposiopesis
• Apostrophe
• Appeals
• Apposition
• Arete
• Argument
• Argumentum ad baculum
• Argumentum ad hominem
• Arrangement
• Ars arengandi
• Ars dictaminis
• Ars poetria
• Ars praedicandi
• Artistic proofs
• Assonance
• Asyndeton
• Audience
• Aureation
• Auxesis
• Axioms
• Backing
• Barbarism
• Bases
• Bathos
• Bdelygmia
• Belles lettres
• Begging the question
• Belletristic movement
• Bomphiologia
• Brachylogia
• Brevitas
• Burden of proof
• Canon
• Captatio benevolentiae
• Catachresis
• Charisma
• Chiasmus
• Circa rem
• Claim
• Classicism
• Climax
• Colon
• Colloquialism
• Common topics
• Consubstantiality
• Conclusio
• Confirmatio
• Confutatio
• Constraints
• Contingency
• Context
• Conversio
• Conversation model
• Cookery
• Critical theory
• Concession
• Data
• Deconstruction
• Deduction
• Delectare
• Delivery
• Demos
• Dialectic
• Diallage
• Dictamen
• Dispositio
• Dissoi logoi
• Distribution
• Divisio
• Docere
• Dramatistic
• Dysphemism
• Ecphonesis
• Ellipse
• Elocutio
• Enallage
• Energia
• Epanalepsis
• Epanaphora
• Epideictic
• Epiphora
• Epistemology
• Epistrophe
• Epithet
• Epizeuxis
• Eristic
• Erotema
• Ethos
• Ethopoeia
• Euphemism
• Evidence
• Exemplum
• Exordium
• Expression
• Fable
• Facetiae
• Facilitas
• Faculty psychology
• False consciousness
• Feminist rhetoric
• Fictio
• Field-dependent
• Field-invariant
• Figure
• Forensic oratory
• Gens
• Genera
• Graecismus
• Hasty Generalization
• Hendiadys
• Hermeneutics
• Heteroglossia
• Heuristics
• Homiologia
• Homoioteleuton
• Horismus
• Hypallage
• Hyperbaton
• Hyperbole
• Hypophora
• Hypothesis
• Hypsos
• Hypozeuxis
• Hysteron proteron

• Icon
• Identification
• Ideology
• If-by-whiskey
• Ignoratio elenchi
• Imitatio
• Inartistic proofs
• Indefinite questions
• Indignatio. To arouse indignation in the audience.
• Induction
• Ingenium
• In re
• Insultatio
• Interlacement
• Intersubjective agreements
• Invention
• Invitational rhetoric
• Ioci
• Irony
• Isocolon
• Issues of definition
• Issues of fact
• Issues of quality
• Jargon
• Judicial
• Juxtaposition

• Kairos
• Kategoria
• Koinoi topoi
• Koinonia
• Kolakeia

• Latinitas
• Lexis
• Literae humanae
• Litotes
• Localism
• Loci communes
• Locution
• Logical fallacy
• Logical positivism
• Logical proof
• Logology
• Major premise
• Magnanimity
• Material fallacy
• Maxim
• Memory
• Metanarrative
• Metaphor
• Metonymy
• Metron
• Minor premise
• Modus inveniendi
• Modus proferendi.
• Moral reasoning
• Motive
• Movere
• Mimesis
• Narratio
• Narration
• Necessary cause
• Negatio
• Neoplatonism
• Noema
• Nomos
• Non Sequitur
• Notaries
• Occupatio
• Opening
• Optatio
• Orcos
• Oxymoron
• Parachesis
• Paradeigma
• Paradiastole
• Paralipsis
• Parallel syntax
• Parallel structure
• Paraprosdokian
• Parenthesis
• Parisosis
• Parody
• Paromoiosis
• Paronomasia
• Pathos
• Perfectus orator
• Periphrasis
• Peroratio
• Personification
• Petitio
• Phallogocentrism
• Phronesis
• Physis
• Pian
• Pistis
• Plausibility
• Pleonasm
• Poetriae
• Polis.
• Polyphonic
• Polyptoton
• Polysyndeton
• Portrayal
• Position
• Positivism
• Postmodernism
• Praedicandi
• Praegnans constructio
• Pragmatism.
• Pragmatographia
• Presence
• Presumption
• Prolepsis
• Proof surrogate
• Prosopopoeia
• Pronuntiato
• Prudence
• Psogos
• Psychagogos
• Psyche
• Public sphere
• Poiesis
• Quadrivium
• Quaestiones
• Reasoning by contraries
• Rebuttal
• Res
• Rhetor
• Rhetores
• Rhetoric
• Rhetorical audience
• Rhetorical discourse
• Rhetorical opposition
• Rhetorical question
• Rhetorical situation
• Rhetorical theory
• Salience/Agenda; Meaning/Spin.
• Salon
• Salutatio
• Sannio
• Satire
• Scesis Onomaton
• Scholasticism
• Scientific method
• Scientific reasoning
• Scientism
• Scientistic
• Second Sophistic
• Semantics
• Semiotics
• Sensus communis
• Sententia
• Shui
• Sign
• Signifying
• Simile
• Skepticism
• Solecismus
• Sophists
• Soraismus
• Sprezzatura
• Spin
• Starting points
• Stasis systen
• Status quo
• Straw man
• Studia humanitatis
• Syllepsis
• Syllogism
• Syllogistic logic
• Symbol
• Symbolic inducement
• Sympheron
• Symploce
• Synchysis
• Syncope
• Synecdoche
• Tapinosis
• Taste
• Tautologia
• Taxis
• Techne
• Terministic screens
• Theme
• Thesis
• Thesmos
• Tone
• Topical systems
• topographia
• topothesia
• Topos
• Toulmin Model
• Translative issue
• Tricolon
• Trivium
• Tropes
• Understatement
• Universal audience
• Utterance
• Validity
• Validity claim
• Verba
• Visual rhetoric
• Vir bonus dicendi peritus
• Vita activa
• Warrant
• Ways and means
• ZeugmaSometimes what you need is what you fight
Like a wounded man out on the run
Like shadows hiding from the light
But your love is what I was running from
Hope's a seed you have to sow
When you let it go it comes to life
So you stretch your arrows on the bow
And you pull them back and watch them fly

My heartbeat, my oxygen
My banner, my home
My future, my song
Your hope is the anthem of my soul

My lungs and I were born to fight
Sometimes I'm not sure what I'm fighting for
But death ain't the only end in sight
Cause this ain't a battle it's a lifelong war

My heartbeat, my oxygen
My banner, my home
My freedom, my song
Your hope is the anthem of my soul
Your hope is the anthem of my soul

My heart is beating like a blown speaker
The spirit is willing but the flesh is weaker
A distortion pedal and a pair of wings
And an anthem played on broken strings

My heartbeat, my oxygen
My banner, my home
My future, my song
Your hope is the anthem
Your hope is the anthem of my soul

Your hope is the anthem of my soul
Your hope is the anthem of my soul
Your hope is the anthem of my soul
Your hope is the anthem of my soul
Yeah could you make me whole?
(like holy water)It's 9:51 pm. And I wasn't trying to think of you and yet here I am again
I try to resist these thoughts, I promise to God, I do
But you and I both know that I can never resist anything that has to do with *you!*
It's 9:52, and my face is lit up by my iPhone screen instead of the moon,
because for some reason even the pixelated version of your eyes shines ten times better than the stars *ever* do!
Listen, to the thoughts that go through my head before I decide whether or not you'll think that
I'm annoying as shit for texting your first
I think maybe **he's** busy and that's why **he/she** didn't
watch my Snapchat story, like my Instagram post, or my status I posted 17 minutes ago
I think maybe **he** just lost his phone in a mess of bedsheets
That **boy** is going crazy, wondering if **he's** missed a call from me; I do not worry at all, I know **he'll** text me
I tell myself **she's** busy
**His/Her** phone died and **his/her** charger got stolen at a bus stop
**She's** busy.
I tell myself not to text **him** first
It shows weakness in a man: Women are not weak
Let **him/her** come to me
It's 9:53-3, the amount of dogs I saw at the park today
What if **her** dog died? I'd be devastated, I wouldn't want to text anybody either. So I understand
Maybe there are things more important than me; **she's** planning a funeral for a loved one

It's 9:53-3
The amount of girls, or should I say HP copy machines that decided
to do the kind service of copying **his** history homework this morning
Like we all don't know that Christopher Columbus sail the ocean deep!
Stop being lazy! Do your own homework!
Homework!
I tell myself **he's* doing homework and he's busy because he's doing homework(?)
Not because **he'd** much rather relive the Cold War than talk to me
It's 9:54, and as time passes, **her** eyelashes turn my stomach into butterflies, and fireflies, and why do I--
**New message**
**She** texted me
Every centimeter of my body interested--
**She** was busy, now **she** isn't
Yeah, she wrote me up a message
Let me up and push the button, I'm excited just to see--
"Hey, yo, what's up, homeboy? You wanna meet me up and Nico down at the court?"
**NO!**
Typing...typing...typing...
I told you not to text me, I've been waiting for my Queen
The **girl** that drives me crazy, I can see **her** in my dreams
The only place **she** isn't, is the image on my screen
**Her** beauty is a beauty the *world* has ever seen
But now, it's 9:55, and I think, hey, maybe I should text him
Leave my pride and nervousness behind,and just forget them
But why should I have to be the one that has to go out on a limb
**He's** the boy; **he's** the one that's supposed to do this
It's 9:55, and I'mm tired of waiting for this boy to realize--
5 minutes ago, **she** posted a picture with this guy
And 5 minutes ago, I decided that these feelings were alive
It's funny how love can make you romanticize, turning a slight glance at you during class into something so sublime
When in reality, I just needed the answers to number 2 and number 5
It's 9:59, and I don't need you
When the teacher asked me "what elements were necessary to maintain human life?"
I told them "nitrogen, hydrogen, oxygen, and you!"
Now you're like Uranium, but you like your heart, but it's the only thing that's powering mine
And I don't know why you haven't called yet
And I don't know if this is true, but hey, wouldn't it be crazy if you were lying awake right now, thinking about me, too?
What the hell are you *scared* for?
It's not like the world will be destroyed by some kind of atomic bomb
The worst thing that ever happened is that you don't respond
Now it's 10
So what's it gonna be??
Typing...typing...typing...
Hey
Typing...typing...typing...
Hey, I was just thinking about youGet back, get back
You better get back, get back, back
You better get back, get back
You better get back, get back back 
You better

Doing a box of doctrine, on stomping oxygen
After 10 put a fork to your optic lens
Hitting wit a sudden force
Leave your boy laying in the same puddle of blood as yours
When I flood his porch
Smuggle a gun in court and shoot the judge
Easily reduce a thug to a future scrub
A double-deuce wit slugs, I'm Proof on drugs
We'll turn you to a rapper that we used to love
How you on medicine cabinet pills
Grabbing the steel, leaping over buildings that haven't been built
I'm not the best yet cause I haven't been killed
I'm laughing at you faggot-ass rapping for deals, you better

Get back, get back
You better get back, get back back
You better get back, get back
You better get back, get back back
You better get back, get back
You better get back, get back back
You better get back, get back
You better get back, get back back
You better

I'm disappointed in my dentist appointment
He only gave me the fucking gas for thirty minutes this morning
Went to the hospital to get a chest X-ray
Checked out the next day in a dress with a sex change
I'm having a bad day
My fucking dad's gay, I hate fags, and I'm fucking mad cause I don't have AIDS
All I want to do is die
I tried suicide six times and couldn't even do it right
Collapsed, had a relapse and called three cabs
And had to be dragged back to rehab with bloody kneecaps
Enrolled myself in a twelve-step program
Tripped on the first step and got pinned down in a choke slam
I swear to God, this Pac poster comes any closer
I'm kicking this whole fucking wall over
Two more shots and it's all over
I'm all over this wall, trying not to fall over

BLOAW BLOAW!
Shots in broad day
(BIZARRE, THAT'S YOUR MOM!)
The bitch shouldn't have been in the way
Me, Shady and Mike fucking a hermaphrodite
My little sister was a virgin till late last night
High off a kite off of stick of sherm
Put your mother in a full-nelson while my boys take turns
A unibomber trying to escape this country
Tell O.J. he better be coming up wit my money
Bizarre goes commercial? Nigga, you can forget it
Bitch suck my *dick* that is the radio edit
I'm quick to smack the shit out of a foe
I ain't had pussy in a while, I'm too busy fucking assholes
Battle me? You better go eat your vegetables
I'm iller than a Muslim eating a pork hot dog at an African festival
This shit is serious, watch me sniff 'cane
Resort to pain and fuck a bitch barely potty-trained

Get back, get back
You better get back, get back back
You better get back, get back
You better get back, get back back 
You better get the FUCK backYo this is dedicated to this girl that I dated
Complicated maze, Complicated maze

At first sighting, only a stranger to my eyes, couldn't keep them off me
I'm sure your friend recognized, I didn't care, I had to stare, stood there at attention
Not many words mentioned still I felt the thought connection, wanted the sex then
Got to know you, wanted more, Things got complex when
You had a man and wasn't sure
My thoughts were pure, Is it gonna be him? Or is gonna be me?
Cause that's the way I have to have it
Grasped the idea, Ms scribble head Talia
Wanted you to feature but your man is screwing up the procedure
What is it that you say? I'm on your mind all day
But still say you're content, how the situation lay
Why you play? Why do you stay? There's something better
Know you felt it when you received my first poetic letter
Why you fronting? Tell me something
Is it that you want your cake and stuff it down your face too?
Did I have to chase you?
Why oh why do you cry?
Said afraid of losing me? I think that you're confusing me a lot
No wait a minute, stop, bring that back, I missed a page
Was it that time of the month or were you going through a phase?

Complicated maze. (This phrase fits you perfect)
Come back in later days. (Talk to me when you're certain)
You're always changing. (Never stay the same person)
Come back in later days. (Talk to me when you're certain)

Miss Merriweather, the partial, the martial artist of fake imitation love products
Now facing you is irritation
Know you used to have me placing you on pedestals like a goddess
Personality changes it seemed to be to me you were the oddest
Soon to depart us like red seas by Moses
Our friendship's diseased, unfeasible, hopeless
No reasonable answers to my question of focus, Caused my tension
Nothing made sense when you replied with a tied tongue
Said you feared abusiveness, I never swung
Why all these excuses miss? What have I done?
Figured I had the right kind of lady, yeah maybe it was fun, for you
But not for me, I found it quite unamusing
You were using me as a bridge just to pass what was left behind
Play times for dangerous minds, but why'd it have to be mine?
Why'd it have to be mine?

Now I'm not really trying to come off abrasive
But why you messing with my man's head?
I mean I'm spending time trying to keep his mind on rhymes and beats
And you're a distraction. I mean you got my man just shook
I mean honestly, I guess what I'm trying to say is...


Virgin torn from sleep, the newborn
( Why are you doing this? See you're always playing games)
And it was easy to get too deep, the water was lukewarm
Virgin torn from sleep, the newborn
( Oh, what now? What? You wanna come back?)
And it was easy to get too deep, the water was lukewarm

Do you know what today is?
It's the third anniversary, you came back to flirt with me
For certain, you must mistake me for a fool
See I know how you are, I see those tricks in you
Tried to make amends, there's something new
Had problems with your friend, so it's me you always run to
Come to and smell the coffee, go drink the pot with extra caffeine
Cause next to acting, you win awards for cloudy vision
Tired of fishing for the what, why and when
Will this repetition end, step away and give me oxygen
Not interested in talking, say nothing, keep walking, go 'bout your away
See the colors of these areas have started turning gray
See you later, goodnight, got no more candles to light
Yo, it's time to move along cause baby something isn't right
Still I'm glad I met you, it's too bad you screwed it up
The only thing I regret is that I didn't get to f-


I was blind and now I see
I was blind and now I see
I was blind and now I see
I was blind and now I seeTranslation/pinyin/lyrics by Ho@multistars.com
退後
Tui hou

Composer: Jay Chou (周杰倫) (周杰伦)
Lyricist: Devon Song (宋健彰) (宋健彰)
Output Col
天空灰得像哭過 / tian kong hui de xiang ku guo / The sky is grey like it's been crying
離開妳以後 / li kai ni yi hou / After leaving you
並沒有更自由 / bing mei you geng zi you  / I haven't been any freer
酸酸的空氣 / suan suan de kong qi / The sour air
嗅出我們的距離 / xiu chu wo men de ju li / I can smell the distance between us
一幕錐心的結局 / yi mu zhui xin de jie ju / An ending that drills into my heart
像呼吸般無法停息 / xiang hu xi ban wu fa ting xi / Cannot be stopped like breathing 
抽屜泛黃的日記 / chou ti fan huang de ri ji / The yellowing diary in the drawer
榨幹了回憶 / zha gan le hui yi / Dries up the memories
那笑容 / na xiao rong / That smile
是夏季 / shi xia ji / Is summer
妳我的過去 / ni wo de guo qu / Yours and my past
被順時針地忘記 / bei shun shi zhen di wang ji / Has been forgotten in clockwise
缺氧過後的愛情 / que yang guo hou de ai qing / The love that has had a lack of oxygen
粗心的眼淚是多餘 / cu xin de yan lei shi duo yu / The careless tears are superfluous
我知道妳我都沒有錯 / wo zhi dao ni wo dou mei you cuo / I know you and I are not wrong
只是忘了怎麽退後 / zhi shi wang le zen me tui hou / We only forgot to step back
信誓旦旦給了承諾 / xin shi dan dan gei le cheng nuo / Pledging sincerely with the promise
卻被時間撲了空 / que bei shi jian pu liao kong / Yet failed to get what I want by time
我知道我們都沒有錯 / wo zhi dao wo men dou mei you cuo / I know we are not wrong
只是放手會比較好過 / zhi shi fang shou hui bi jiao hao guo / It is only that we will be better off letting go
最美的愛情 / zui mei de ai qing / The most beautiful love
回憶裡待續 / hui yi li dai xu / Continue it in my memory
Credits: Jay Chou StudioI hate when it rains, cause in puddles I encounter this guy
Unable to give a rebuttal as rivers of pain flood his eyes
Wonderin why he's a gift with no purpose
A priceless one-of-a-kind piece that's worthless
Grounded with no surface
And when he shows one, it's a facade
Cause inside he fights feelings that he was a mistake by God
I see his confusion and self-deception
Questions of relevance and intelligence
He holds an illusion of self-acceptance
That he shows to those outside lookin in
He's outside lookin in to his own life; lookin for strength
To carry on as a pawn in this chess game of existance
In his mind he wants to go on to the dawn
And leave the stress that came with existance
Hopin in death he'll find life
Cause as he lives, he roams the dark, tryin to find light
He's made his heart so hard, he doesn't even cry anymore
Cause he's confronted sorrow frequently
His heart's been broken frequently
It's like he's lost some part of him and just haven't found it yet
So in his search, he's left with nothin but questions and regret
All he wants to know is how one day, he's content
And the next day he's cryin
Cause his life isn't what he thought life meant
He just wants to be happy, with his love and all
But too often I get messages through telepathic calls
He's askin me through a puddle what more must he endure to continue
But for some reason he knows he most endure to continue

When I walk past puddles, my reflection calls beggin me
To answer his questions about life and his perceptions
And tell him why I hate him so much
And you wonder why I hate him so much?
Now when I walk past puddles, my reflection calls beggin me
To answer his questions about life, and his perceptions
And tell him why I hate him so much
Damn, I wonder why I hate him so much

Why did I hate him so much? I wondered, pondered on the question
What in my mind caused me to despise my reflection?
I didn't know I just knew when I saw him, how I felt
And hated the fact that he had to play with the cards that he was dealt
He's come in contact with some ill things that can't be explained
Life's extracted his energy to where the pain can't be contained
So to me he comes, sheddin tears like skin
Intimate with some, only the ones he calls friends
If he even exists, he only exists in pain
It's like his life is a myth
And he's been blessed with the gift of shame, I mean
From birth to love he's been betrayed
He's an unknown in how to cope with that pain and dissapointment
He's come to know as he's grown
He feels he stands alone in this world of puddle images
And he awaits the time for when, time finishes
He tries to elevate thought, but he's still chillin in the basement
Awaitin a rebirth of his soul as it fears it's spiritual placement


God I pray you can give me a purpose or help me find it
Cause on this narrow path of self-damnation, I can't find it
Is it somethin I need to know, some way I need to grow
To get out of this rut, God give me some self-trust
Love is somethin I'm lookin for but I've found it, or have I?
I wanna live but can I, or do I have to die to?
I try to, have life but my life seems kinda worthless
As I'm starin at this puddle
God I pray that you can give me a purpose or help me find it
Cause on this narrow path of self-damnation, I can't find it
Is it somethin I need to know, some way I need to grow
To get out of this rut, God please give me some self-trust
Love is somethin I'm lookin for - thought I found it, or have I?
I wanna live but can I, or do I have to die to?
I try to, have life but my life seems kinda worthless
As I'm starin in this puddle

{*music changes*}

I sit alone in dismal silence
Peering into the eyes of my reflection
Wondering if his thoughts are adjacent to my own
What visions of eerie savagery
Are passing if purity lurks in the mind of he who I mirror?
Lookin at him I am disgusted
He lacks beauty in all external areas
And internally he seems so confused
Perplexed with this conundrum of life
He proceeds to function or cope, lookin at it realistically
Esteem he lacks, in all areas of existance
Reason unknown
What is the cause of the lack of this self-acceptance?
I mean it seems like he needs constant assurance
Some type of ritual proof that he's even worth the oxygen he breathes
A light that shines upon him
Is his living in vain? Does he have a purpose?
Answer - eternally unknownJust another love song from a simple man
I was searching for some chords underneath these hands
So I can try to tell you I love you
Yo know I need you like you're oxygen
Be my atmosphere, let me breathe you in
So I can try to tell you I love you

I've been lost, I've been found
But I know who I am now, I am yours

I am yours now and always
Wouldn't dream to be anything more
You take my breath away every night
Still can't believe it when you say you're mine
And I am yours, I am yours, I am yours

I was free falling through the open sky
'Til you smiled at me and you saved my life
And I knew I was put here to love you
You got the universe swimming in your eyes
I'm an open book, when you look in mine
You find that I was put here to love you

I've been lost, I've been found
But I know who I am now, I am yours

I am yours now and always
Wouldn't dream to be anything more
You take my breath away every night
Still can't believe it when you say you're mine
And I am yours, I am yours, I am yours

I've been lost, I've been found
But I know who I am now, I am yours

I am yours now and always
Wouldn't dream to be anything more
You take my breath away every night
Still can't believe it when you say you're mine
And I am yours, I am yours, I am yours
I am yours, I am yours, I am yoursI'm wide awake in the lobby of a hotel casino
An advertise of somewhere I wanted to be
The oxygen was choking like death grips around me
I even thought I couldn't be sadder than that
I am, mmm

Hood on, hand in my pocket, walk away
Hood on, hand in my pocket, walk away

Love me to death or don't give me anything
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah
Love me to death or don't give me anything
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah
Love me to death or don't give me anything
(Oh-oh, oh-oh)
(Oh, yeah, yeah)

The elderly was playing a version of your song
I ask them if they could play anything else, but they don't
I sing along and laugh just in case of the opposite (Oh, no, oh, no)
Everything was blurry so I couldn't see
Thankfully, mmm

Hood on, hand in my pocket, walk away (Walk away, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Hood on, hand in my pocket, walk away

Love me to death or don't give me anything
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah
Love me to death or don't give me anything
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah
Love me to death or don't give me anything
(Oh-oh, oh-oh)
(Oh, yeah, yeah)

Come around like the moon, sun
Most the time you're on my mind
Come around like the moon, sun
Most the time you're on my mind
Come around like the moon, sun
Most the time you're on my mind
Come around like the moon, sun
Most the time you're on my mind

Hood on, hand in my pocket, walk away (Walk away, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Hood on, hand in my pocket, walk away

Love me to death or don't give me anything
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah
Love me to death or don't give me anything
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah
Love me to death or don't give me anything

When I see a call from Plano then I know that
I'll ignore ya for reasons that you don't know
In my mind, it's better to fantasize
So I'll buy a pack and sit back and look at the skyI feel like I'm losing it
I feel like I'm losing it

Ammunition, all I need is ammunition
Superstition, yeah, you got a real condition
Obsoleted, yeah, I know you complicated
Transparent, yeah, I know you blame your parents

White trash kingdom with an ocean view
I hope you don't regret it 'cause you're born to lose
You're trying to negotiate the hammer or the gun
But I'm already convinced that you're an oxymoron, so

Who's the headcase, who's the headcase now?
It's hard to be happy when you don't know how
Who's the headcase, who's the headcase now?
(Head, case) Who's the headcase now?
Who's the headcase, who's the headcase now?
I heard you're hearing voices
But I hope it works out
Who's the headcase, who's the headcase now?

(Head, case) Who's the headcase now?
(Head, case) Who's the headcase?

Ironic, yeah it's ironic
That you're losing your mind as promised
Decisions, yeah I got a premonition
That you need a ton of supervision

White trash kingdom with an ocean view
I hope you don't regret it 'cause you're born to lose
You're trying to negotiate the hammer or the gun
But I'm already convinced that you're an oxymoron, so

Who's the headcase, who's the headcase now?
It's hard to be happy when you don't know how
Who's the headcase, who's the headcase now?
(Head, case) Who's the headcase now?
Who's the headcase, who's the headcase now?
I heard you're hearing voices
But I hope it works out
Who's the headcase, who's the headcase now?

(Head, case) Who's the headcase now?
(Head, case) Who's the headcase now?
(Head, case) Who's the headcase now?
(Head, case) Who's the headcase?

Who's the headcase? Who's the headcase? (Hey)
Who's the headcase? Who's the headcase? (Hey)
Who's the headcase? Who's the headcase? (Hey)
Who's the headcase? Who's the headcase? (Hey)

Who's the headcase, who's the headcase now?
It's hard to be happy when you don't know how
Who's the headcase, who's the headcase now?
(Head, case) Who's the headcase now?
Who's the headcase, who's the headcase now?
I heard you're hearing voices
But I hope it works out
Who's the headcase, who's the headcase now?

(Head, case) Who's the headcase now?
(Head, case) Who's the headcase now?
(Head, case) Who's the headcase now?
(Head, case) Who's the headcase?

(Who's the headcase, who's the, who's the headcase?)
Who's the headcase now?
(Who's the headcase, who's the, who's the headcase?)
Who's the headcase now?
(Who's the headcase, who's the, who's the headcase?)
Who's the headcase now?
(Who's the headcase, who's the, who's the headcase?)
Who's the headcase now?Ta tillbaks när det fula var fint
Den där tröjan du svettades i
Jag har den kvar men jag vet inte var
Vi blev bänga på Oxytocin
Kvar i sängen och hjärtslag blev beats
Var det så nånting skevt blev musik?

Kan vi säga som det är?
Eller hoppas att vi två är
Nånting större än det här
Trots att vi bara låtsas att det finns ett oss här

Våra ord är för små och för stora
En av oss kommer alltid förlora
Nån av oss, kanske du, kanske jag
(Nån av oss)
När vi ses blir allt alltid förstorat
Nån har vunnit och nån har förlorat
Nån av oss, blir det jag, blir det du?
(Nån av oss)

Vi kan vara en titel från Beatles
Få va tidlös och aldrig besviken
Du är så himla bra, så jävla fin
Jag vill leka att allt är okej
Kan du hålla och komma i mig?
Jag kan va bara din, Penny Lane

Kan du säga som det är?
Eller hoppas att vi två är
Nånting bättre än det här
Trots att vi bara låtsas att det finns ett oss här

Våra ord är för små och för stora
En av oss kommer alltid förlora
Nån av oss, kanske du, kanske jag
(Nån av oss)
När vi ses blir allt alltid förstorat
Nån har vunnit och nån har förlorat
Nån av oss, blir det jag, blir det du?
(Nån av oss)

Nån av oss, nån av oss, nån av oss
Nån av oss
Nån av oss, nån av oss, nån av oss
Nån av oss, nån av oss, nån av oss
Nån av mig eller dig, mig eller dig
Nån av oss, oh

Våra ord är för små och för stora
En av oss kommer alltid förlora
Nån av oss, kanske du, kanske jag
(Nån av oss)
När vi ses blir allt alltid förstorat
Nån har vunnit och nån har förlorat
Nån av oss, blir det jag, blir det du?
(Nån av oss)

Nån av ossThe last half of the second inning
Robinson gets the first hit on the board!
It's a homer into the left-field stands!

I don't ever wanna speak again
I'd rather see the end than be where we began
You're gone, and this shit ain't just gonna' be as friends
So, tell her I don't ever wanna' speak again
I'm like, damn, tell her I don't wanna speak again
I'd love to see the end more than when we began
You're gone, and this shit ain't just gonna be as friends
So, tell her I don't ever wanna speak again

She say it's in poor taste, she don't know the fuckin' story
You can't do nothin' for me but fuckin' ignore me
My mind's already cloudy, but fuck it, it's stormy
They say cheaters never prosper, shit, come and inform me
I'm tryna' do my own thing, guess I'm stuck with this glory
Tryna' do the right thing, but fuck it, that's corny
I see you all in my oxygen, respiratory
But like, you were like a toxin, hallucinatory
You wishin' that I never would have found out
So, let me tell you, comin' from a SoundCloud
Everybody know me around town
Hear my name from all directions, that's surround sound

Why you been hittin' me up, think that I'm givin' a fuck?
Then you be messin' me up, over here textin', "What's up?" Feel like you settin' me up

Sometimes, I close my eyes and I try to pretend
That I could take messages back I couldn't send
Yeah

I don't ever wanna speak again
I'd rather see the end than be where we began
I don't wanna hear another fuckin' rumor
I already learned my lesson, fuck another tutor
I'm like, man, tell her I don't wanna speak again
I'd like reaching the end more than when we began
You're gone, and this shit ain't just gonna be as friends
So, tell her I don't ever wanna speak again

Why you been hittin' me up, think that I'm givin' a fuck?
Then you be messin' me up, over here textin', "What's up?" Feel like you settin' me up

Look how I ended the beat, I'm just a regular me
You're just a regular you, treat me irregularly, treat me irregularly
Can you stop messagin' me? I don't want them, man, to see
Feel like they questionin' me bein' the best I can be, hear you whenever we meet

I don't ever wanna speak again
I don't, I don't, I don-

I don't ever wanna speak again
I'd rather see the end than be where we began
I don't wanna hear another fuckin' rumor
I already learned my lesson, fuck another tutor
I'm like, man, tell her I don't wanna speak again
I'd like reaching the end more than when we began
You're gone, and this shit ain't just gonna be as friends
So, tell her I don't ever wanna speak againWhoa-oh, aw

I walk the line, black leather, silver chains
I'm blinded by the fame every time I hit the stage
Head bangs, beer sprays, stage dives, hand waves
'Til the lights blow out, and when they go out I'll be

In a glass box, suffocating from the fame and fortune
In a glass box, yeah it's quiet, with everlasting motion
And I can't breathe and I can't see and I can't be myself
And even in the spotlight you can't see that I need help

So many hands, everywhere I go
Tryna pull me into their frigid killin' snow
Their hearts are cold, my touch aflame, now tell a lie to get higher
They all want a piece of my fire

The glass box can't be broken, clearness cannot be tempted
No oxygen inside, so I don't know how I'm livin'

In a glass box, suffocating from the fame and fortune
In a glass box, yeah it's quiet, with everlasting motion
And I can't breathe and I can't see and I can't be myself
And even in the spotlight you can't see that I need help

In a glass box, suffocating, from the fame and fortune
In a glass box, yeah it's quiet, with everlasting motion
With everlasting motion

The glass box can't be broken, clearness cannot be tempted
No oxygen inside, so I don't know how I'm livin'

In a glass box, suffocating, from the fame and fortune
In a glass box, yeah it's quiet, with everlasting motion
And I can't breathe and I can't see and I can't be myself
And even in the spotlight you can't see that I need helpAnd I'm so tired of being lonely
But I don't wanna be in love
I feel like no one really knows me
But I don't wanna be in love
And I just need someone to talk to
But I don't wanna be in love
Baby ever since I lost you
I don't wanna be in love

Damn, you changed my whole perspective
Wrote this message and I don't know if you will get it
But if you do just hit me back, when you're ready
Or just pull up when ever
I still stay right off of Debby
I know you'll never forget me
And if I'm wrong correct me
See I would kill for you, breaking my heart is deadly
And you was more than my lover, you was my bestie
Yet I'm supposed to act like it doesn't upset me
I took, most my emotions and throw'em into the ocean
I know, both of us broken
So ain't no sense in me hopin'
Approaching and getting closer
To overdosing and croaking
I wrote this cus' I was hopin'
I notice you ain't been posting, on yo' gram like you used to
I heard that you been hanging round with a new dude
But I know that he don't do you, how I do you
So let me know when y'all through, oh

And I'm so tired of being lonely
But I don't wanna be in love
I feel like no one really knows me
But I don't wanna be in love
And I just need someone to talk to
But I don't wanna be in love
Baby ever since I lost you
I don't wanna be in love

And they say distance makes the heart grow fonder
So I hate you so much, oh yeah
Because I gave you so much
I should be grateful for what?
You think my time wasn't wasted? It was!
Could be grindin heavy, chasin a buzz
Cause you don't care about me obviously
What you gonna do now, huh girl?
Your only fucking hobby is me
I know you got that feeling in you like when oxygen leave
You the reason my heart is freezin' and it dropped in degrees
I'm cold blooded, woah buddy
Don't tell me that you sorry, baby
It won't cut it
I'm thinking of all the nights and
Right you between the fight and
Baby no, I don't like it and I don't love it
And I know I don't meet the requirements of the people in your environments
I'm tired of trying shit, every night I be lying with
All of my guilt, regret, all of my lies and shit
Always in search of another way to disguise this shit

And I'm so tired of being lonely
But I don't wanna be in love
I feel like no one really knows me
But I don't wanna be in love
And I just need someone to talk to
But I don't wanna be in love
Baby ever since I lost you
I don't wanna be in loveDrip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip
Shawty fuck with me cause my VVS's drip
Drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip
Break a bitch down, now gon' watch that hoe trip
Drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip
Shawty fuck with me cause my VVS's drip
Drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip
Break a bitch down, now gon' watch that hoe trip

Cruisin' with fiddy, these shooters come with me
But shoutout to Busher, they aim is so woundless
Clicked up, get sticked up, MAC-11 been tucked
Pistol with a dick, got my migo aimin' chest shot
Drip inside his lung, we gonna watch him cough his life up
Hiccup, hiccup, these percs, I can't sit up
Hitta, hitta, your block I'm gonna wet up
Breathe in, breathe out, your lungs just gon' give out
Whatcha live by? whatcha die by?
Codeine, Oxycontin keep my brain fried
Poured an eighth of syrup
Hope it'll keep my mind right
Fucked the bih once, after that she hasn't been tight
Internet thuggin', throwin' hands, but I got the pipe
Drank a whole pint, yeah, my conscience keep me up at night
I keep on winnin' in life
Your clique be hungry like mice
Take the whole clit like a dyke
Buffet forever, you drownin' in spite
Zoom, when I come through
Big bands, that's who
Stuntin' on these crumbs, pussy boy, bitch, fuck you
I know I need it, I bleed it
Drugs just suppressin' this feelin'
All of this money keep reelin'
I am the hottest, too fat, I keep breathin'

Drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip
Shawty fuck with me cause my VVS's drip
Drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip
Break a bitch down, now gon' watch that hoe trip
Drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip
Shawty fuck with me cause my VVS's drip
Drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip
Break a bitch down, now gon' watch that hoe tripSlim motherfuckin' Shady... alright!
Missy Elliott, Timbo, c'mon, yo!

I'm homicidal, and suicidal, with no friends
Holding a gun with no handles, just a barrel at both ends
Sprayin' tecs at you
Until you see your fuckin' legs
With the bullet holes and the exit wounds layin' next to you
Fuckin' mad dog, foamin' out the mouth
Fuck mouth, my whole house is foamin' out the couch
Jumped out of the 93rd floor of a buildin'
And shot every window out on the way down to the ground (Keep filmin'!)
Woke up to a hospital staff
Got up and laughed
Chopped 'em in half
And suffocated your oxygen mask
Shit, if I get any higher
I'm a get the East and West beefin' again
Fly back to Detroit and stand in the crossfire

Ken Kaniff: Oh fuck, oh shit
Ken Kaniff: I got the hotel room ready
Ken Kaniff: What time are you getting off, work
(Ken Kaniff: Or shall I say) Eminem: Aight, yo, yo, yo one more time, yo
(Ken Kaniff: What time are you comin' home)

Yo, yo, I'm only smilin' when I'm violent
Got on the plane wildin'
Told the pilot to fly me to Tylenol Island
Stewardess like, "You restless?"
"Nah, bitch, I'm restful, so hold this fuckin' jet still so I can eat these pretzels"
Forget school
The other kids are disrespectful
They hold me down and play connect-the-dots with my freckles
I can't take it
I'm tryin' to gain weight
So I eat steak
And swallow the whole plate
And weigh myself, naked
Put out albums
To teach kids family values
'Cause every mom and dad should allow you to pop valiums
And never hit someone unless you got a reason
And if there ain't a reason
Make one up, then start swingin'Oh let me in
The air out here is thick
And I've grown thin
Been choking on the wind
Retching through my skin
Coughing up love that tastes like spring
Green and starved of oxygen

But I could be the light
Blaze my own damn trail and you'll follow
To a cruel, hard heartland
I'm a cruel, hard heartland

Grey charcoal blue
Stretched across the sky
This lonely moon
Leaves footprints in my shoes
Wonders through my bed
Strokes my paper face and combs my head
Speaking silent words with hands instead

She could be the light
Help me blaze a trail and they'll follow
To a cruel, hard heartland
I'm a cruel, hard heartland

To the east I raise my cup
Rise at dawn and wake my sluggish heart
Beat life again
I am ready now, wasn't ready then

I plunged into the lake to hide my tears
Conceal my salty fears
Heaving on the grass
Gasping at the air, the sky went dark
The fire broke apart
We slept at last

When the embers die
Then I'll take your hand and lead you there
To a cruel, hard heartland
I'm a cruel, hard heartlandLove is like oxygen
You get too much, you get too high
Not enough and you're gonna die
Love gets you high

Love is like oxygen
You get too much, you get too high
Not enough and you're gonna die
Love gets you high

Time on my side
I got it all
I heard that pride
Always comes before a fall
There's a rumour goin' 'round the town
That you don't want me around
I can't shake off my city blues
Everywhere I turn, I lose

Love is like oxygen
You get too much, you get too high
Not enough and you're gonna die
Love gets you high

Love is like oxygen
You get too much, you get too high
Not enough and you're gonna die
Love gets you high

Time is no healer
If you're not there
Lonely fever
Sad words in the air
Some things are better left unsaid
I'm gonna spend my days in bed
I'll walk the streets at night
To be hidden by the city lights, city lights

Love is like oxygen
You get too much, you get too high
Not enough and you're gonna die
Love gets you high

Love is like oxygen
You get too much, you get too high
Not enough and you're gonna die
Love gets you high

Love is like oxygen
You get too much, you get too high
Not enough and you're gonna die
Love gets you highTHIS IS YOUR BRAIN ON CRUNK!!!Pages Created
- Allusion (1): Big Teach's "Chillin"
- Allusion (2): Kendrick Lamar's "Backseat Freestyle"
- Anaphora: Martin Luther King, Jr.'s "I Have A Dream" speech
- Antithesis: Drake's "Worst Behavior"
- Apostrophe: Jay Z's "Holy Grail" ft. Justin Timberlake
- Double Entendre: Pitbull's "Timber" ft. Ke$ha
- Epanodos: Snoop Dogg's "Gin and Juice"
- Epistrophe: Pharrell's "Happy"
- Euphemism: Daft Punk's "Get Lucky" ft. Pharrell and Nile Rodgers
- Extended Metaphor: Imagine Dragons' "Radioactive"
- Homonym: Chance The Rapper's "Juice"
- Hyperbole: Tech N9ne's "Who Do I Catch"
- Irony (Verbal): We As Human's "Strike Back"
- Metaphor (1): Florida Georgia Line's "Cruise Remix" ft. Nelly
- Metaphor (2): Blake Shelton's "Honey Bee"
- Paradox: Bring Me The Horizon's "Can You Feel My Heart?"
- Parody: Weird Al Yankovic's "White & Nerdy"
- Personification: Issues' "Hooligans"
- Pun: Katy Perry's "Dark Horse" ft. Juicy J
- Rhetorical Question: Waka Flocka Flame's "Hard In Da Paint"
- Schaffer Paragraph Model (1): Sent By Ravens' "Trailer Vs. Tornado"
- Schaffer Paragraph Model (2): Sleeping With Sirens' "Do It Now, Remember It Later"
- Simile: Eminem's "The Monster" ft. Rihanna
- Symbol: Pierce The Veil's "Bulletproof Love"
- Theme: Tech N9ne's "Fragile" ft. Kendrick Lamar, ¡MAYDAY!, and Kendall Morgan
- Tone: Eric Church's "Drink In My Hand"
Pages To Be Created
- Adnomination
- Allegory
- Alliteration
- Analogy
- Anapest
- Anecdote
- Assonance
- Ballad Stanza
- Blank Verse
- Caesura
- Chiasmus
- Conceit
- Consonance
- Couplet
- Diction
- Dramatic Monologue
- End-stopped Line
- End Rhyme
- Enjambment
- Euphemism
- Exact Rhyme
- Figurative Language
- Foot
- Free Verse
- Haiku
- Iamb
- Imagery
- Internal Rhyme
- Line Break
- Line
- Litotes
- Meter
- Metonymy
- Motif
- Objective Correlative
- Off/Slant Rhyme
- Onomatopoeia
- Oxymoron
- Palindrome
- Pathetic fallacy
- Pentameter
- Portmanteau
- Prosopopeia
- Rhyme with a Feminine Ending
- Rhyme with a Masculine Ending
- Rhythm
- Sestina
- Soliloquy
- Sonnet
- Spondee
- Stanza
- Stich
- Symbol
- Synecdoche
- Syntax
- Tetrameter
- Trimeter
- Trochee
- Villanelle
- Volta
- Zeugma
Song Suggestions
- 2 Chainz' "Where You Been"
- Avicii's "Wake Me Up"
- Eminem's "Survivor"
- Flatbush Zombies' "Death"
- Gerardo Ortiz' "Mañana Voy A Conquistarla"
- Gucci Mane's "El Chapo"
- Hedley's "Perfect"
- Kevin Gates' "Love Sosa Freestyle"
- Kip Moore's "Beer Money"
- Kip Moore's "Something About A Truck"
- Lady Antebellum's "Need You Now"
- Macklemore's "Wing$"
- Nickelback's "How You Remind Me"
- Nickelback's "If Today Was Your Last Day" (personification, repetition)
- Peter Frampton's "Baby, I Love Your Way"
- The Police's "Every Breath You Take"
- Psy's "Gentlemen" (hyperbole)
- Skillet's "Monster" (personification)
- Skillet's "Not Gonna Die"
- Survivor's "Eye Of The Tiger"
- Switchfoot's "Love Alone Is Worth A Fight"
- Toby Keith's "Red Solo Cup"
- Wavves' "Linus Spacehead"
- Yo Gotti's "Yayo""At a certain time you gotta cut the music
Then you are doing him a disservice and you are doing you a disservice
Alright? So let's keep it real..."
"Bustin, fat, freestyle rhymes" --] 4X

Yeah, yeah "Fuck that!"
Fuck out my face is your best bet
Your career is George Burns I can't believe you ain't dead yet
I show more blind rage
Than Stevie Wonder and Ray Charles wrestling in a steel cage
("Yo this nigga's crazy!")
I got an artist losing their limelight like Mike Bivins
Bitches flipping their wigs like Faith Evans
Reject my single I ain't mad at it
Like O.J. getting married again, I'll takes another stab at it
I'm tearing you out the frame like wedding pictures after divorce
Petrol like you dropped the soap in the towel with Luther Vandross
I'm porno like ads from Calvin Klein, believe me
You ain't no rapper you just play one on the fuckin TV
You on the road you goin gold that's what your label shoutin
You couldn't outsell UTFO's reunion album
What could I say to get my point across?
Rap don't need that ass like Large Professor don't need Main Source
"Bustin, fat, freestyle rhymes" --] 4X
I'm lethal -- I gets medieval with a blowtorch and pliers
End your future before it starts like Len Bias
Just slit your throat let Chino XL be your oxygen
I write more "esas"/essays than incarcerated Mexicans
Tap ass with Speed like David Geffen tapped Keanu Reeves
Play Superman get rhyme styles paralyzed like Christopher Reeves
Billy Bathgate flow, that could ca-st-arate Cas-t-tro
Ill as Reagan's prostate for the tri-state when I let my, SOUL, GLOW!
That's what I'm on
From prom date rape to the back break of Gloria Estefan
I'm making moves like a stick Pinnochio, no strings on me
And go for broke like James Brown dancing for alimony
I talk shit all day and drink wine like a catholic priest
("Aiyyo nigga kick that freestyle about the punk police")
I give N.Y.P.D. Blues
I shot Magnum P.I. now I'm a Cops Current Affair on the ten o'clock news
Kidnapped Hawaii Five-O
In 48 Hours they called Reggie Hammond Ace Ventura made me laugh I let him go
Charlie's Angels came with some police woman shit
Johnny Depp seen em on 21 Jump Street suckin Robocop's dick
Starsky and Hutch gangbanged Cagney without Lacey
Her lesbian lover fucked TJ's Hooker on New York Undercover
Call me L.A.P.D. cause I abuse my privledges
Victorious to scrimmages, beat your black ass til it hemorrages
Vibe to my dark thoughts
Rappers run from me, like they Mark Fuhrman at the Million Man March
"Bustin, fat, freestyle rhymes" --] 8X
Niggas got beef? Come on let's set it off
Talent like mine is rarely seen like handicaps havin intercourse
Niggas wanna floss in, celebrate, lyrically won't elevate, they flimsy
I'm breakin out my shell like Mork and Mindy
My style won, drop an album, you cherish it
My name ring bells like Girl Scouts when they sellin shit
Metaphors, fly out, for brothers who, puff the lye out
Put your gun away, he'll shoot your eye out!
I'm an artist and they starvin me
They dangle me off the balcony like Big Red in The Five Heartbeats
Respectin the streets is my first concern when I rock
It's hot like Bob Marley's fingertips from reefer burns
I ride syllables like white boys in Mustangs
Lyrics sharper than RZA's gold front fangs
You better call God if you wanna do me (freestyle)
You know you gonna die like a black man in a horror movie
"Bustin, fat, freestyle rhymes" --] 12XI am awakening like a rosebud flowering
Look at me, I'm turning on, buzzing like a neon
Flickering on again, lightening in the dark

You're helping me forget, what is this?
Gonna break out my cocoon
I'm gonna take a risk, skinny dip
Cause I see you're on the loose

Gonna lasso you, gonna lasso you
Gonna get some pleasure, to-to-together

Must be a sign
All the energy's pulling me right back to you
Tonight, gonna bottle you up and wear it like perfume
Alright, we going in, it's what we supposed to do
Tonight, open wide

Splash
I'm diving in, diving in
I'm diving in
Splash
I'm diving in, diving in
I'm diving in

I'm surfacing, a brand new oxygen
Look at me, I'm letting go
Rising Kundalini
Breathing you, breathing me
Going with the flow

You're helping me forget, what is this?
Gonna break out my cocoon
I'm gonna take a risk, skinny dip
Cause I see you're on the loose

Gonna lasso you, gonna lasso you
Gonna get some pleasure, to-to-together

Must be a sign
All the energy's pulling me right back to you
Tonight, gonna bottle you up and wear it like perfume
Alright, we going in, it's what we supposed to do
Tonight, open wide

Splash
I'm diving in, diving in
I'm diving in
Splash
I'm diving in, diving in
I'm diving in
Don't look back
I'm diving in, diving in
Oh, I'm diving in
Splash
I'm diving in, diving in
I'm diving in


Must be a sign
All the energy's pulling me right back to you
Tonight, gonna bottle you up and wear it like perfume
Alright, we going in, it's what we supposed to do
Tonight, open wide

Splash
I'm diving in, diving in
I'm diving in
Splash
I'm diving in, diving in
I'm diving in
Don't look back
I'm diving in, diving in
I'm diving in
Splash
I'm diving in, diving in
I'm diving inIt's summer again
And how I wish I could be there now
I see you in bed
Under covers and nothing else
The sun pouring in
We'll swim for days without the noise of everything
You take the place of my conscience and pull me deeper in
I see you in red
I wish I could come down from where I stand
I see all of your skin
You see all of my thoughts
They're pouring again
I'll give you the part of me that no one ever gets
You make your way through the context and pull me deeper in

I close my eyes and let you run through all my thoughts
'Cause when I was watching you
When I was sober and seeing clear
You took all the oxygen
Take care of my confidence
Take care of my soul
Take care of my soul
'Cause how I speak to God is how I speak to you
'Cause how I speak to God is how I speak to you

And sometimes I wish I could think of something else
I'm coming back for more
I'm coming back for more
Can you see me now that the walls came down?
Can you hear it?
Can you hear it?
'Cause I can see it all

I close my eyes and let you run through all my thoughts
'Cause when I was watching you
When I was sober and seeing clear
You took all the oxygen
Take care of my confidence
Take care of my soul
Take care of my soul
'Cause how I speak to God is how I speak to you
'Cause how I speak to God is how I speak to youLet's begin
Asalaam alaikum, people of good will
I offer you the greeting of thought manifested skill
To finally reveal the open-end chapter
As real as the flesh that you're embodied in
To the skull cavity your mind is rotting in, I'll be riding in
And there might have been a slight, rotation warp to curve
The course of course I'm cordial when I report
I won't distort, I don't contort
Connect conduct collect console or conceal
In full control of the roll of the wheel
My eyes are my appliance to decipher the science
Omitting defiance with the high-tech mic check
The buttons that flashed I pushed for absolute
Destruction your structure is lifted from the ground
The foundation mound is broke, so you float around
I'm embedded in what is known as beat
Let it be shown, every enzyme is complete
In time, you'll see the pace of the pulse pump
Rapidly, heart rate, happily marched
I happen to be the dark man who holds the charts
I arch my horizontal line to make a rainbow
.. but it ain't the same though, yo
The tried and true pros are chasing fool's gold
Sliding through holes, like small rodents
It's obviously, evident my embellishment
Peaks at two-ninety-two I.Q
Cause Big Ace is the spinner, in the, center
Inventor, and I plan to be a winner meaning
I'll be in the inner outer ovaries, overload, overboard
Overseas hearin oversees more, than the eye can
I stand, limited primitive, sentimentalist, escapist
The way I shape this landscape, automatically makes this, vivid
I give it a rivet, hold it, stand at the pivot
I love it, learn to live it, then give you my exhibit
Not inhibited, not even a little bit, when I'm inclined
My attempts to redefine your hip-hop guidelines
And you can play the sidelines, write rhymes in your spare time
My attempts to redefine your hip-hop guideline
You can play the sideline, write rhymes in your spare time
Cause I'd rather stimulate your mind than emulate your purpose
And we have only touched on the surface of the serpent
Consider me part of the dust, in the dusk
I must collect the samples from the rust
Penetrate the crust then trust no living
Driven by the sonic, language passion
Your ashes spark the flashes, of the neon
From be-yond, what kind of planet could I be on?
I don't know, but I'mma be on, for eons, and eons
While many think that they can never play out
Get trapped in a timeframe, and never find their way out
I stay off the dramatization, and I balance, always seeking the challenge
To show the world the incredible talents
I cut the corners, smooth out the surfaces
Worthlessness is just, half of the problem
I read the grid kid, I did every column
I note the animal kingdom, and the phylum
Wild style 'em! Until they get to hit the target
I mark it on the bulls-eye, of flies, and the buffalo wing in the sky
My architechnique sparks the dark streets, of your resting ground
I suggest that, you warn your town
I inhabit the oxygen, mark off the memory
You will never forget to remember the lone wolverine
Marine biologist machine, with the verbal, internal mind fertile, Foot, over hurdle tight, like girdle,
And my word'll be the last, I incubate, every other millennium
I fast and I hibernate, to pass any of 'em
I am potent, untraceable
No color, no odor, no taste, no replaceable parts
No heart, no head, just a carcass
The darkest days come, right before the light
I watch my watch and stand right before the mic
By the powers, vested in me, I digested MC's
Food for thought, caught on to the end of the rope and swung
Then stood stiff, as if, I was on a cliff
Not beneath sticks, my feet are made of bricks
When I walk my footprints indent cement
I am not practical, nor am I unusual
Nor am I oblivious to, hideous crimes
Every city is captured and trapped in my mind
Given the spinal tap, as the final rap climbs
My attempts to redefine your hip-hop guidelines
You can play the sidelines, write rhymes in your spare time
My attempts to redefine your hip-hop guidelines
You can play the sidelines, write rhymes in your spare time
Cause I have become the night owl on the prowl
Master of the free penpal style
Cause I'm, om-nipotent
I'm, some, government experiment that is out of control
I'm from some big black hole
I square up, select, and rec'd, every tangle
I flare up, and you can try-any-angle (triangle)
Even Bermuda, but I bury the barracuda
Then I'm, octa-gone in the wind with the pollen
The pollen, the pollen, the pollenDo I even got a pulse?
Am I empty? 'Cause I gave my love away
It doesn't seem like you willin' to try
I think we're running out of time now
And I can hear the sirens
And all the caution tape wrapped around my body
Would you rather be happy with another?
Or maybe it's you that's undercover

I never thought that you would change my life
I wouldn't have left if I had known the price
Tell me what am I waiting for?
Electric shock won't help no more
Surgery before I fall apart
Get the jumper cables from my car
Baby, I need you to bring me back
Will you bring me back?

'Cause I'm trying not to think at all
I'm slipping, there's no one to catch my fall
And I need you here 'cause you're the air I breathe
And you're the only one for me, baby, you're my oxygen
So please let me breathe again or I'ma flatline

I don't know why you won't help me
And I know we argue and we disagree
But the scent of your body, memories of our life
You decide to neglect when the truth is that...

I never thought that you would change my life
I wouldn't have left if I had known the price
Tell me what am I waiting for?
Electric shock won't help no more
Surgery before I fall apart
Get the jumper cables from my car
Baby, I need you to bring me back
Will you bring me back?

'Cause I'm trying not to think at all
I'm slipping, there's no one to catch my fall
And I need you here 'cause you're the air I breathe
And you're the only one for me, baby, you're my oxygen
So please let me breathe again or I'ma flatline


I'm trying not to think at all
I'm slipping, there's no one to catch my fall
And I need you here 'cause you're the air I breathe
And you're the only one for me, baby, you're my oxygen
So please let me breathe again or I'ma flatlineIn this place, co-op space
I can't stand another man around my oxygen
I know I hate myself and probably everybody else
In this taste, the right taste when you wish
That they would welcome you with open arms
I know I hate heartbreak and I want to be there when it caves

So why do I always feel like I'm not someone
Sabotage myself

One car garage, I'm not waking up
I've taped it up to go
Where I feel like no one else is watching
One car garage, am I giving up?
I'm tangled up in hope
But I feel like someone else's coffin

I dissipate and I'm late
I've got people on the other side of holy gates
I know I hate myself and probably everybody else
But I've got some reasons why I feel like I'm alone
In a solo show, I'm a broken home
And I want my body gone but I don't want to hurt no one

So why do I always feel like I'm not someone
Sabotage myself

One car garage, I'm not waking up
I've taped it up to go
Where I feel like no one else is watching
One car garage, am I giving up?
I'm tangled up in hope
But I feel like someone else's coffin

I smile, you feel it, I sink and sleep
I'm giving in but it's not enough
I'm not enough
And I can't last another minute in a broken tomb
I know I hate myself and probably everybody else

One car garage, I'm not waking up
I've taped it up to go
Where I feel like no one else is watching
One car garage, am I giving up?
I'm tangled up in hope
But I feel like someone else's coffinWill anyone be surprised
Will anyone not say they're surprised
Where will it be?
Will I have found a home by then?
Or is it always in your hometown?
Will my hanging leave me indecent?
Will they have to cross my legs?
No more throwing the bottle cap into the trash
And throwing the bottle into the recycling
Let nature take its course
Such a drag
It's such a drag
It's such a drag
It's such a drag
How long will the casket hold?
How long will the old home hold?
How many hands will have touched me?
How many eyes shut?
Only two
Will it be like in the movies?
Will they play music I like?
Or will everyone be hovering around the iPod
Trying to put on their playlist
It's such a drag
It's such a drag
It's such a drag
Such a drag
All that oxygen, no more
All that senseless rubbing, no more
Only gravity, gravity, gravity, gravity
And it's such a drag
It's such a drag
Such a drag
It's such a drag
And when the night comes
Who will be lying by my side
I never liked sleeping with strangers
And when the night comes
Whose side will I be lying by
I never liked sleeping with strangers
And when the night comes
Who will be lying by my side
I never liked sleeping with strangers
And when the night comes
Whose side will I be lying by
I never liked sleeping with strangers
It's such a
It's such aHere I go again
Reaching for the light
I fall back down to earth
Every single time
I found my oxygen, brings me back to life
It always looks like you
Looks like you

You make me want to be better
Taking me back to the line
We'll always be stronger together
Take on the world when you're mine
I never believed in heroes
How darkness could turn into light
I know they say never say never
But I'll never, ever

I won't stop fighting
But not fighting with you
I'll be fighting for you like I'm
Born again, born again
And I'll keep believing
'Til my heart stops beating
'Cause you got me feeling like I'm
Born again, born again

One day, we'll be gone
We only get one life
We'll be the things we've done
And what we've left behind
The strength to carry on
In the back of my mind
It always looks like you
Looks like you

You make me want to be better
Taking me back to the line
We'll always be stronger together
Take on the world when you're mine
I never believed in heroes
How darkness could turn into light
I know the say never say never
But I'll never, ever

I won't stop fighting
But not fighting with you
I'll be fighting for you like I'm
Born again, born again
And I'll keep believing
'Til my heart stops beating
'Cause you got me feeling like I'm
Born again, born again

Born again, born again
Born again, born again
Born again, born again
Born again, born again
Born again, born again
Born again, born again
Born again, born again
Born again, born again

I found my oxygen
To bring me back to life
It always looks like you

I won't stop fighting
But not fighting with you
I'll be fighting for you like I'm
Born again, born again
And I'll keep believing
'Til my heart stops beating
'Cause you got me feeling like I'm
Born again, born again

Born again, born again
Born again, born again
Born again, born again
Born again, born again
Born again, born again
Born again, born again
Born again, born again
Born again, born againI am sorry
The alprazolam rejects me
Please just pick up the phone, things are not that ugly
We're alright, im okay
Translucency to reluctant faith
That everything won't be okay
But how long would it take for myself to suffocate?
A black hole prescription; an addiction
In hopes that things will get better
A black hole prescription; An addiction
Things are not getting any better
I'm sorry mother, i never ever wanted this
But now i'm so goddamn close to pulling a sid vicious
I sold my heart to the tables, let the alcohol win
I swear i never ever ever, meant for this
I should have grit my teeth, kept it together for the kid
But these oxys always got me spitting shit
You told me its with life, you learn to live
With your body exposed, perpetuate oblivion
And i know, it gets you off
With my hands around your throat
Perpetual failing, consistently bleeding
Over and over again
What does it mean this time?
Does it mean you actually love me?
Was it just a fix?
So you're not like me
So goddamn lonelyWho can stop us now?
While the whole world bows
Watch us share this crown
Every time you step in, we push you out
Who can stop us now?
While the whole world bows
Try and bring us down
Every time we step in, we push you out

I rock hard, no sleep, marriage? Not me
My shoe game is so cold, see, two reasons I got cold feet
And friendship is important, my gear is all imported
Deuce is on my chorus, me and b.LaY gonna get that Forbes list
And I'm gonna straight roll to each state though, gonna make a fucking killing on a bank roll
And can't you see that I will compete with any other rapper in the game, bro?
And I got this 'cause I'm a locksmith, got the game on lock in a hot minute
And I'mma lose my cool when I step up in the pool, 'bout to lose a tooth 'cause I'm flossing
No oxygen, bitch, I'mma glitch away
When I flip this, motherfucker, I got shit to say
Be cautious, bitch, I'm a twitch away
From stepping on another fucking bitch today
'Cause I'mma pinch the weight and I'mma get the cake
If anybody got a problem, I could demonstrate
The definition of a sauna, hotter than the summer
Fuck an undercover, I'mma beat the case of record, trailer gunner
Gonna gun it like I gotta with my foot up on the pedal to the metal
Motherfucker, I'm a runner and you wonder how I came up from the gutter
With a scalpel and this other fuck, I swear I'm a part of y'all on another level
I got drummer, gonna kill them with the thunder
Motherfuckers getting dumber, fuck you plumbers, stacking shit up like a plunger
Everybody's got a problem, tack of blubber, anybody wanna solve it?
Get my number, fuck you harder, I'mma gut you like a motherfucking Glock

Who can stop us now?
While the whole world bows
Watch us share this crown
Every time you step in, we push you out
Who can stop us now?
While the whole world bows
Try and bring us down
Every time we step in, we push you out

Born to win, most my niggas were born to sin, not born again
Locked with the pistol, all Christian, I'll cross you out for stepping in with my crew
What it do? What's up, dude? With crew dots and new 2Pac, in the Boondocks
I'm never giving in to your rude thoughts and I'm banging like a motherfucking boombox
Since age of two, looking outside, seeing red and blue
With the Su Woo hoots and the goo-goo toons
And we're cuckoo loons, so who are you to question?
Never hung 'round niggas that gangbang, let their pants hang
Do their damn thing, let the pistol bang
The booty sing as fast as you can when the booty train
So who's gonna stop me now, huh?
I rose from the ghetto to a different level
The motherfucking devil want a hell of a hell hold
If hell froze, hell nah
Come walk in my shoes, see a different view, want with your shoes
To be another motherfucking stat in the news, I planned it, boo
And you wonder why all my niggas like fancy jewels, baggy pants, and flashy shoes
Been bobbing The Source and passing dudes, I'm a fashion dude
I'm that nigga though, in my new back, in my new swag, in my new snap, in the game
Yeah, I'm that new nigga that rang

Who can stop us now?
While the whole world bows
Watch us share this crown
Every time you step in, we push you out
Who can stop us now?
While the whole world bows
Try and bring us down
Every time we step in, we push you out

Who is gonna stop us now?
Who is gonna stop us now?
Nobody, nobody
Who is gonna stop us now?
Nobody, nobody
Who is gonna stop us now?
Nobody, nobody
Who is gonna stop us now?
Nobody, nobody
Who is gonna stop us now?
NobodyI suspect the origin
We're just repeating ourselves
And that's the first thing that we want
To see the city explode
(And I don't wanna hold you down)
If I could guess the outcome I would've never left
(Oh I don't wanna hold you down)
You're so impatient your pictures were looking all the same
Closed eyes we retreat and

Blink if you hear a signal
Our hands drip wet with blood from
Clapping when
You hear the command
The sparrow ate our bread trails
Go east along the shadowed
Mountain side
If you wanna stay alive

Well you had pinched my arm to find light
And know that if this is real
I know real emotion
I can sense when I am breaking out
We ride without conviction
And now it swallows our path
You taste the oxygen
The rest is history

You'll never find it, no
You'll never be there, yeah

Blink if you hear a signal
Our hands drip wet with blood from
Clapping when  (You'll never find it)
You hear the command
The sparrow ate our bread trails
Go east along the shadowed
Mountain side  (You'll never be there)
If you wanna stay aliveI'm on some terminated, kill shit
I'm on some terminator, aye

Fuck, I'm bionic in my tennis shorts
Many more for short warped Dennis the Menace dwarf
Open up your mouth like I'm a dentist in my premises
Hairline as bad as genesis with better penmanship
In Venice eating venison
I miss Los Angeles, pissed off angry just, list off languages
Manhandle a damn prime rhyme rhinoceros
Up-close and personal like watching The Apocalypse
Wearing binoculars, talking like I'm auctioning
Toxic oxygen, boxed in with ostriches
My cock monstrous, Pocahontas and moccasins
Hot as an iguana in a sauna, say the opposite
Voice hoarse like I need a box of lozenges
Go to grandma's, have a bowl of soup and polish sausages
You can't process it
Blooming like a million cherry blossoms on some awesome shit
White boy that has potential, Last Samurai
Camera shy, rhymes ramble longer than the camel ride
Petrify how I electrify, texting sexy fly
Bitches with my iPhone, taking pictures of my bone
Terminator flying through your country like a cyclone
Twenty shows, eighteen bitches, and then I'll fly home
Bad for being old as fucking Battle Star Galactica
Fucking spectacular, teeth sharper than Dracula
Respect the spectacle you bitch cause I'm immaculate
Top-five crackers cracking off, that's accurate

Archaic Angel with a flamethrower
Some rappers reach for the sky I guess I aim lower
Drake get twenty million, I get forty Gs
Him and forty, yo I had to run away from forty thieves
Conduct disorderly, more fucked when your bored of me
Distorted artistry, I blame it all on hieroglyphics
Why me, screaming standing on top of a pyramid
The joke's over, my life's an awful experiment
I'm the fucking last Mohican
And still I'll blast the weekend
I'm past the deep end
A deacon, inside I'm actually freaking
Older than ColecoVision, I'm still ego driven
Nighthawk, American eagle compared to feeble pigeons
Feeling groggy, my sleeping habits are terrible
Vision foggy, maybe I'm asking for miracles
Can't compare yourself to someone that just won the lottery
Unless you're Slaughterhouse no one gives the fuck if you slaughtering
Tried of being the guy that almost made it, still an unknown
King Kong, blow you to Kingdom Come and then come home
Write another hundred dumb poems
I'm done holmesPull up shooting, yeah I clutch .30's
Just like Curry, but my cup dirty
I'll shoot a nigga, like Future nigga
When Young Metro say you ain't trustworthy
Does that make Trip Klay Thompson?
In the kitchen like Action Bronson
Racks on me like I'm Blac Youngsta
I'm an All-Star with cash money

NASCAR full of fast money
I fuck a bitch for her tax money
My bread dirty like Murphy Lee
But I'm Marshawn Lynch if you at me something
I'm so cold, I need a space heater, and a pair of mittens, and a chinchilla
Left hand shooter like James Harden
But I'm good with the right like Quentin Miller
Blade sharp as a potato peeler
My clip long enough to say No Limit
My babies even like balling out they say "Daddy's pockets got play dough in it"

This my real life man it ain't no image
All these rappers with the same ol' gimmicks
Talk that talk but they don't live it
We the Dream Team, '92 Olympics
Pistol on me like I'm Pete Maravich
Shooter like I'm Peja Stojakovic
You would think I play for Gregg Popovich
Moral of the story, you ain't robbing shit

Strapped like I'm ready for an apocalypse
Two percent tint on my rocket ship
Beam on my bit' with a carbine kick
And a clip longer than a fucking hockey stick

Two 9's on me, I'm Jermaine Gretzky
Ten pounds of sour that's a power play
Tryna get a check and stay out the penalty box
I've been grinding 48 hours a day
I can eyeball it and tell you how much it weighs
Sell you dry wall and tell you "Have a nice day"
On the Eastside that's the games we play
But I've been trying hard to stay out of the way
I know some bad bitches that'll lie to your face
Tell you that they love you then send my guys to your place
Naaah, and they don't bake
Them niggas coming for them pies and that cake

And all they wanna know is the time and place
Money in the picture, I'ma find a way
I checked my schedule, my time is great
It's pay day, it's my kind of day
I'm back in the bitch like I moved away
Laughing at the bitches that I used to date
Bitch told me to buy her a Gucci bag, I told her "Shut the fuck up" like Juicy J
This hoe must be hallucinating
I'd rather throw all my loot away
I'd rather burn all the cash I got, if I tricked I'd never recuperate
I'd be somewhere in the ICU
Breathing through a muthafucking oxygen tube
Craig like "Craig, what happened to you!"
I'm dying cause I bought some bitch some shoes

They lie so often, I get confused
I'm on my grind, yeah my office is my kitchen too
Everybody with me tote my bitches too
You might get hit six different tools
A .45, a .40, Glock 9, FN five-seven, and a couple Mac-11's
Overnight trip, yeah we still pack the weapons
Though we might trip, extra clips for protection
This ain't what you want, but that's just a suggestion
Make it out alive even if I get arrested
Tell a hundred lies, but I won't give a confession
I could teach a lesson on discretion, LitoBang went the gun on their tongue
Word crucifixion toward immigrants shunned
Immigrants that's who we all are
'Cause we're all made of stars
You said to them
Oh, yes you did

Bang went the universe
Hydrogen lusting for helium's burst
A mighty sun's dance of death
Exploding Super Nova
One story's end
Seeds another to begin

Then the Heavens opened
And then I heard voices
Joined in Hosannas
Breathlessly I saw your star

So bright it blinded me
I had to shield my eyes
So bright it blinded me
I had to shield my eyes
So bright it blinded me
I had to shield my eyes
And then you took my hand
Oh, yes you did

Bang the world now traumatized
By a cluster of hostile humans who side
With their warlords of hate
So we must out-create
With the backbone of night
To re-humanize

Then the Heavens opened
And then I heard voices
Joined in Hosannas
And their tower of confusion
Could not drown the light
From your star

So bright it blinded me
I had to shield my eyes
So bright it blinded me
I had to shield my eyes
So bright it blinded me
I had to shield my eyes
And then you lit the path
Oh, yes you did

Can't they see, he said to me
That we all are molecular machines
Goals and dreams
All I wanna be is the very best machine I can be
Oxygen and carbon
Part of our molecular machine
Goals and dreams
All I wanna be is the very best machine I can be
Hydrogen, calcium
Phosphorus, potassium
Sulfur, sodium
All I wanna be is the very best machine I can be
Chlorine, magnesium
Boron, chromium
Cobalt, copper, fluorine
All I wanna be is the very best machine I can be
Iodine, Iron, Manganese
Molybdenum, Selenium
Silicon, Tin, Vanadium and Zinc
All I wanna be, a molecular machine*Ma- Mangekyou Sharingan*

Bring it, so unphased
Hope you swim or drown in my gaze
Breath with ease, no movement wasted
Step in the path of my jutsu sacred
How speedy, you dodge a shuriken!
Means you can talk without speaking
No challenge. Only start me when you learn ripples of a butterfly's heartbeat
Show me who bears resemblance to the Senju clan and its descendants
Your skills were meant for something
Like the tenth ninja war I am funding
Sharingan with the Mangekyou
Opens a badass time jutsu
Darkest soul, my heart's so cold
The half-mask has one hole
Because..

All I need is one eye
And my Kekkei Genkai
Even though I might die
They still call me Uchiha Madara
{Repeat}

As they now fall in position, they consider me an S rank mission
*Baka* I'm worse than that
Imagine my use of a blade of grass
Hunt solo, I blitz on the surface
I'm on a mission fueled by a purpose
Suddenly something surprising
Death silhouettes on the horizon
Plunge a kunai into my own *thigh*
Lunge at the slow shinobi *senpai*
Limbs get flung, here is the drama
Split oxygen, I drag my katana
On my ace I stand my ground
I buried them six fathoms down
Motion, swift as an eagle
On my worst day I am still lethal

All I need is one eye
And my Kekkei Genkai
Even though I might die
They still call me, Uchiha Madara
{Repeat}You'll never have to hear the word "no"
If you keep all your friends on the payroll
The non-disclosure pages signed
Your secrets safe between those lines

The scaffolding will cheer and console you
But remember what your mother told you
That good help is so hard to find
For people who are so refined

You're trying to turn into the skid
In this never-ending grid

There's a long, slow fade
To a darkened stage
And I hear you say
"Only a fool gives it away"
Only a fool would give
Only a fool gives it away

You said you wanna stake out your claim
High above the city from where you came
Don't you know the air's so thin?
It starves the brain of oxygen

I know it's such a dangerous place
For there are more ascensions than there is space
Angels causing accidents
The camera phones'll document

But if I start to levitate
Pull me down with all your weight

There's a long, slow fade
To a darkened stage
And I hear you say
"Only a fool gives it away"
Only a fool would give
Only a fool gives it away


You're trying to turn into the skid
In this never-ending grid
But you should know it's not ideal
All those hands upon the wheel

There's a long, slow fade
To a darkened stage
And I hear you say
"Only a fool gives it away"
There's a long, slow fade
To a darkened stage
And I hear you say
"Only a fool gives it away"
Only a fool would give
Only a fool would give
Only a fool gives this awaySometimes I think about who I should believe
The people who are dead or the people who are free
Sometimes I hear them as they whisper to me
I try to stay awake so I won't die in my sleep
And I was quick to take a second look through
The window on the door of the operating room
And the adrenaline, it threw my eyes
To the table on the floor where the patients lie
I saw his face and I could not speak
As the anesthetic kissed his cheek
I felt my lips go cold and my limbs go weak
Because the body on the table where the patients die was me
It was me
Give me back my oxygen mask
Cause I don't want to feel the walls of my heart collapse
So put me under
I would sooner die on this table
Than face what causes me to be so unstable
There was a lie between my demons and me
And a body made of paper in the passenger seat
As I open my eyes, I could not see
I felt the stitches come loose and the blood run free
And as my thoughts began to shake
I felt the hand of the darkness kiss my face
And then the devil woke up and he grabbed my throat
He pulled me down to the place where the silence grows
He looks at me with hollow eyes
And he whispered my name as the flowers died
I felt my heart go cold as I sank between
The ocean I am and the river I'm meant to be
I'm meant to be
Give me back my oxygen mask
Cause I don't want to feel the walls of my heart collapse
So put me under
I would sooner die on this table
Than face what causes me to be so unstable
Now I'm standing by the window on a Sunday
And I can't quite recall
Why I cannot move at all
And I feel so tired and wounded
Like the stitches on my soul came apart
I'm standing here in the dark
Well, maybe it's from the drinks we had last night
But good God, I love those friends of mine
The best that alcohol can buy
Or maybe it's from the lack of sleep
But all those secrets I've kept, trying to be so sweet to you
It's dark, my dear
But it got me through, it got me through
So give me back my oxygen mask
Cause I don't want to feel the walls of my heart collapse
So put me under
I would sooner die on this table
Then face what causes me to be so unstable
Causes me to be so unstable
Causes me to be so unstable
Sometimes I wonder if I'm only a ghost
Wearing human skin I never chose
I listen to the devil as he spoke
Because he tempted me with a beautiful roseWe wish to suggest a structure for the salt of deoxyribose nucleic acid (D.N.A.). This structure has novel features which are of considerable biological interest.
A structure for nucleic acid has already been proposed by Pauling and Corey 1. They kindly made their manuscript available to us in advance of publication. Their model consists of three intertwined chains, with the phosphates near the fibre axis, and the bases on the outside. In our opinion, this structure is unsatisfactory for two reasons:
(1) We believe that the material which gives the X-ray diagrams is the salt, not the free acid. Without the acidic hydrogen atoms it is not clear what forces would hold the structure together, especially as the negatively charged phosphates near the axis will repel each other.
(2) Some of the van der Waals distances appear to be too small.
Another three-chain structure has also been suggested by Fraser (in the press). In his model the phosphates are on the outside and the bases on the inside, linked together by hydrogen bonds. This structure as described is rather ill-defined, and for this reason we shall not comment on it.
We wish to put forward a radically different structure for the salt of deoxyribose nucleic acid. This structure has two helical chains each coiled round the same axis (see diagram). We have made the usual chemical assumptions, namely, that each chain consists of phosphate diester groups joining beta-D-deoxyribofuranose residues with 3',5' linkages. The two chains (but not their bases) are related by a dyad perpendicular to the fibre axis. Both chains follow right-handed helices, but owing to the dyad the sequences of the atoms in the two chains run in opposite directions. Each chain loosely resembles Furberg's2 model No. 1; that is, the bases are on the inside of the helix and the phosphates on the outside. The configuration of the sugar and the atoms near it is close to Furberg's "standard configuration," the sugar being roughly perpendicular to the attached base. There is a residue on each every 3.4 A. in the z-direction. We have assumed an angle of 36° between adjacent residues in the same chain, so that the structure repeats after 10 residues on each chain, that is, after 34 A. The distance of a phosphorus atom from the fibre axis is 10 A. As the phosphates are on the outside, cations have easy access to them.
The novel feature of the structure is the manner in which the two chains are held together by the purine and pyrimidine bases. The planes of the bases are perpendicular to the fibre axis. They are joined together in pairs, a single base from one chain being hydroden-bonded to a single base from the other chain, so that the two lie side by side with identical z-coordinates. One of the pair must be a purine and the other a pyrimidine for bonding to occur. The hydrogen bonds are made as follows: purine position 1 to pyrimidine position 1; purine position 6 to pyrimidine position 6.
If it is assumed that the bases only occur in the structure in the most plausible tautomeric forms (that is, with the keto rather than the enol configurations) it is found that only specific pairs of bases can bond together. These pairs are: adenine (purine) with thymine (pyrimidine), and guanine (purine) with cytosine (pyrimidine).
In other words, if an adenine forms one member of a pair, on either chain, then on these assumptions the other member must be thymine; similarly for guanine and cytosine. The sequence of bases on a single chain does not appear to be restricted in any way. However, if only specific pairs of bases can be formed, it follows that if the sequence of bases on one chain is given, then the sequence on the other chain is automatically determined.
It has been found experimentally3,4 that the ratio of the amounts of adenine to thymine, and the ratio of guanine to cytosine, are always very close to unity for deoxyribose nucleic acid.
It is probably impossible to build this structure with a ribose sugar in place of the deoxyribose, as the extra oxygen atom would make too close a van der Waals contact.
The previously published X-ray data5,6 on deoxyribose nucleic acid are insufficient for a rigorous test of our structure. So far as we can tell, it is roughly compatible with the experimental data, but it must be regarded as unproved until it has been checked against more exact results. Some of these are given in the following communications. We were not aware of the details of the results presented there when we devised our structure, which rests mainly though not entirely on published experimental data and stereochemical arguments.
It has not escaped our notice that the specific pairing we have postulated immediately suggests a possible copying mechanism for the genetic material.
Full details of the structure, including the conditions assumed in building it, together with a set of coordinates for the atoms, will be published elsewhere.
We are much indebted to Dr. Jerry Donohue for constant advice and criticism, especially on interatomic distances. We have also been stimulated by a knowledge of the general nature of the unpublished experimental results and ideas of Dr. M. H. F. Wilkins, Dr. R. E. Franklin and their co-workers at King’s College, London. One of us (J. D. W.) has been aided by a fellowship from the National Foundation for Infantile Paralysis.Party in Ipanema, baby
I wanna party, I wanna samba
I wanna party, I wanna samba
I wanna party and live my life
I wanna party and fly
I'ma fly, fly just like a bird
(But you are a bird)
Oh yeah, you're right
So let me fly just like a rocket then
Fly so high
Where I need to come down for oxygen
'Cause once we start it
Baby, ain't no, ain't no stoppin' then
'Cause I just want to live my life and party
All I want is to be free and rock my body
I been around the world that I want to live my life
In Rio 'cause in Rio, 'cause in Rio, I realize
I wanna party, I wanna samba
I wanna party and fly
I'm that samba, samba
Master, master, master, master, master
Who shouts out?
From a ghetto blaster, blaster, blaster, blaster, blaster
You dance fast
But I dance faster, faster, faster, faster, faster
You're too slow
You need to catch up, you can dance and dance but
I wanna party, I wanna samba
I wanna party, I wanna samba
I wanna party and live my life
I wanna party and fly, oh whoa
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, heyPART 1
So I'm in class right
Like what am I doing here yo, I'm mad nice
That's a Schoolboy Q album, an oxymoron
If you ain't get that, you better ask a moron
Anyways I'm in geometry defining philosophies of isosceles
But reality is obsolete
So my mind starts to speak & hits control alt delete
Because everything that was on the board wasn't key
I wanna be relevant
I could be the genesis of my city
I have proverbs, my nigga Mark has the testaments
Watch as He brews up an exodus
Reaching for stars, Ima give Henrietta Leavitt a kiss
Wow I'm not a math genius but Rap Genuis gon need rap genius for this black genius that smacks demons & harass Iraq leaders
I'm a passenger of God's will, we'll see where that leads us
All these whack teachers
They don't believe in dreams
They only care about logic & reasoning
So anything that can't be seen must be obscene
Just sit around & distribute papers evenly
You can't expel my hope
Where's the sharks that ain't afraid to wail out hope
Givin you bars, ain't no bail out tho
Dude you a sellout, I'm just tryna sell out shows
I wanna meet my idols but my life is looking idle
Music is life, why you think all our organs are vital?
All this math darkens my aura
And I hate my ex so uwhy am I solving for her
Those are the questions I ask
I don't have a future with none of the x's I've graphed
And I don't see the value of all the lessons I've grasped
But I do see the value of every message I've rapped
PART 2
This is for that little nigga sittin in class
With a composition full of written raps
The teacher would ask him, ''What you wanna be?''
And he would say ''Rapper'', she said ''Wrong answer''
Society's opinions what you can't trust, they tell you where you can't go
Tell you what you can't touch, they try to take advantage and mold you
Like you're in ceramics, outstanding
You just gotta do the opposite of panic
Cause you know every single continent demands it
Take that airplane and do the opposite of land it
The haters are gonna be the ones polishing your mansion
Ain't no argument that can be handed, to me, telling me otherwise
So dont listen to them other guys, talking that jive
Tel them haters that you will rise and you shine bright in the moonlight
You and the moon are one which means you and the moon have ties, thats right
And water is the source all life, and your heart is the airport where ambition takes flight
Dont ever let them niggas tell you ''different ain't right''
Anything envisioned, you gotta get it alright?
Turn off the television, its really all lies and a bunch of superstition tryna take over your mind
Everything is superficial, we're all victims of this time
Yeah, we're all victims of this time
So I just go outside....and stare at the solar system all night, cause this system ain't rightBetween her dreams and oxygen
The end is all she ever asked
Engine's warm, it's dark outside
A hidden tear behind her mask

Black walls closing in again
Losing sleep and lost in time
She'll close her eyes and unlock mine
She turns water into wine

And she says she's no substitute
And she's always dropping blue
And they say there's no reward for you
But all their lies end on a Monday

Black walls closing in again
Losing sleep and lost in time
She'll close her eyes and unlock mine
She turns water into wine

And she says she's no substitute
And she's always dropping blue
And they say there's no reward for you
But all their lies end on a Monday

They'll drink theirs, I'll drink mine
They'll drink theirs, I'll drink mine
They'll drink theirs, I'll drink mine
They'll drink theirs, I'll drink mine
Raining pain from black walls
She fills up the glass again
(They'll drink theirs, I'll drink mine)
(They'll drink theirs, I'll drink mine)

She turns water into wine
She turns water into wine
She turns water into wine
She turns water into wineYour voice is drifting through the stratosphere
My mouth is drinking from your pool of tears
I saw your heartbeat in the radium screen
What does a body mean?

I saw you kneeling on a desert plateau
Your eyes were melting from inside your skull
The wind was burning holes into my skin
Where does a body end?

Your voice is drifting through the stratosphere
My mouth is drinking from your pool of tears
I saw your heartbeat in the radium screen
What does a body mean?

The future's leaking through a shut lead door
In the ruins of a city under the forest floor
Your naked body's buried in a vacant field
What does your body feel now?

The air is black and has no oxygen
The bodies in the river float beneath the sun
Transparent skin it shines a light from deep within
Where does your body begin?

The stars are hidden by a mirrored sky
And darkness disappears behind reflected light
Perception is a distance in a closed-in space
How will your body escape?

The crowd is feeling you inside your head
Your imagination's canceled by the opposite
And every possibility's been proved untrue
Now is your body you?

Na, na na, na, na na, na, na na, na
Na, na na, na, na na, na, na na, na
Na, na na, na, na na, na, na na, na
Na, na na, na, na na, na, na na, naWell I'm so laid back, I'm my own worst enemy
Keep it all inside bottled up bad energy
Then I hear the sound of this musical amphetamine
Diggin' at my soul like the tracks full of ketamine
Never slowing down, fast forwards all I've ever seen
Pockets never dry, man, you can call me evergreen
Two bottles of wine, three teas, and some Vicodin
Every single night same thing 'til I'm one-eyeing
Always keep my shit locked tight no oxygen
If you don't believe me, go kick rocks with some moccasins
Couldn't find a hipster to fix gears on my rockin' man
Everywhere I go, I got the whole room talkin', man

I know I've got all that I need so I'll give to you
All of the love you give to me and we'll carry through

So endlessly, we will carry on through your energy
Every song we sing creates a memory
I wouldn't change for anything, music is eternity and lives in me eternally
Endlessly, we will come together like a symphony
And everything you do feels like it's meant to be
It's endlessly, music is eternity and lives in me eternally

Said you wanna play this game with me, but you got way too much lag
Wish you had my gamer tag, wish I could be cut in half
Half to write your songs for you, the other half to spit your raps
Put this on my epitaph, I don't give a rat's ass
I don't even rhyme I just whine really fast
And I ain't got the time, I'm just sand in the glass
This time you shall not pass cause I'm the dragon Smaug
I'm a small axe move big trees you still play with Lincoln Logs
Why don't you go take a jog better yet go kick some rocks
Let me guess you got a blog, follow trends like it's your job
I prefer to be myself you wanna be like everybody else
Like a ticket, need some help gonna get scalped, Indian pelt

I know I've got all that I need so I'll give to you
All of the love you give to me and we'll carry through

So endlessly, we will carry on through your energy
Every song we sing creates a memory
It's endlessly, music is eternity and lives in me eternally

This is how it's supposed to be, carried by this melody
Exactly where I'm supposed to be
My feet walk steady to my own heart beat
And I will carry on through the sounds of my soul
The love that we give will be repaid in full
All that we are is under our control

So endlessly, we will carry on through your energy
Every song we sing creates a memory
I wouldn't change for anything, music is eternity and lives in me eternally
Endlessly, we will come together like a symphony
And everything you do feels like it's meant to be
It's endlessly, music is eternity and lives in me eternally
Endlessly, we will carry on through your energy
Every song we sing creates a memory
I wouldn't change for anything, music is eternity and lives in me eternally
Endlessly, we will come together like a symphony
And everything you do feels like it's meant to be
It's endlessly, music is eternity and lives in me eternallyDamn, just saw new pictures from my ex girlfriend, friendship?
Hum.. No longer exist
Time flies like me
But I'm still writin' on that chick
I'm gettin' wistful
I can't struggle
Young nigga, old story
I'm so desapointed to see the bad bitch that you became so rapidly
Ironically, You're inspiring me
Paradoxically, I owe you a lot
But my thought is metaphorical
Hol'up, that's oxymoronic so not true at all
Today you're like a ghost that I can't touch
I ain't gon lie sometimes I miss that pussy, baby I'm like lloyd
All these Instagram photos reminded me that it was so good
Save our relationship that's what I do, only if I could
It's like a poetic revenge, poetic revenge
Even if we only live once you always act like a silly woman
First I thought it was because of the newness
But no, already 2 years, you're still the same and I'm speechless
You can't always blame me
You gotta call yourself into question
The only way to get yo attention is with creativity
Poetic revenge put it in a song
Bye babyI forget to

It's been a week since you hit my bed
And since then, you've started living in my head, eh
Seven days and I'm nearly dead
Never thought that I'd reboot
But you're a different kind of new

It's like I feel everything more (I forget to)
All my body knows it when you reach my floor, eh
My heart is beating down the door
And now I'm stocking up on oxygen

'Cause when I see you
I forget to bre-e-eathe
I forget to bre-e-eathe
I forget to bre-e-eathe
I forget to, when I'm with you
(I forget to)

My heart is beating down the door
My heart is beating, my heart is beating
My heart is beating down the door
My heart is beating (I forget to)

If I could just inhale some chill
It's like I'm living out in space
How am I still here?
Did you slip me a magic pill?
Got me lifted like an astronaut
No helmet on and my lungs just stop

So please, when you look at me like that (Like that)
There's no way to fight back (Fight back), no

'Cause when I see you
I forget to bre-e-eathe
I forget to bre-e-eathe
I forget to bre-e-eathe
I forget to, when I'm with you
When I see you
I forget to

My heart is beating down the door
My heart is beating, my heart is beating
My heart is beating down the door
My heart is beating (I forget to)

I don't know how to live without the breath you finish
I don't know how to live without the breath you finish
I don't know how to live without the breath you finish
Give me it, give me
I forget to

My heart is beating down the door
My heart is beating, my heart is beating
My heart is beating down the door
My heart is beating (I forget to)Burn down trees like a forest ranger
Getting close to nature
I'm a fallen angel
Keep a lightsaber
Keep your enemies close, I decapitate them
I feel like Iron Man
I got the iron maiden
I tried to understand but it was hopeless
I tried to eat her soul but she was  soulless
So cold, so cold
I don't need air
I don't need oxygen
I'm over everything
I don't need air
I don't need oxygen
I'm over everything

So cold, so cold
So cold, so cold
So cold, so cold
So cold, so coldCome and join the party, leave anxieties behind
When the weight of all the world is pushing...
Oh, cut this tension, it's too much!

Situation volatile, seriously hostile
Breadwinners, soul searchers
Fear merchants, seeking
Brightly coloured, no use for camouflage
When you're venomous and willing to sabotage
We're just a group of your white blood cells
Fighting off parasites
We're your system mechanics
Trying to fix this machine
What's the one thing that has
More speed, more strength
And goes deeper than us?
A nuclear submarine

Ah, come on, just open the door!
Knocked off my feet by the back draft
Brought back to earth
Oxygen clears my head
And I just gotta say
Oh, you're not gonna believe this
You can't perceive this
This is like nothing you've seen before
But lucky for you (Yeah, lucky for you!)
This is an open door

Come and join the party, leave anxieties behind
When the weight of all the world is pushing down
Down on your shoulders
Come and join the party, leave anxieties behind
Down on your shoulders
When the weight of all the world is pushing down
Just push right back

Oh, you're not gonna believe this
You can't perceive this
This is like nothing you've seen before
But lucky for you (Yeah, lucky for you!)
They're well prepared, But they forgot one thing

Yeah, yeah, we're nice guys
Until we're not

So come and join the party, leave anxieties behind
When the weight of all the world is pushing down
Down on your shoulders
Come and join the party, leave anxieties behind
Down on your shoulders
When the weight of all the world is pushing down
Just push right back
Come and join the party, leave anxieties behind
When the weight of all the world is pushing down
Come and join the party, leave anxieties behind
When the weight of all the world is pushing down

Just push right back, back, back
Just push right back, back, back
Just... Yeah
What was that?
Something like Louis Armstrong?
Anyway, whatever
Just... Yeah
Come and join the party
Fuck, that was shitI keep hearing a vicious rumor
From the backrooms, to the alleys, to the avenues
That you lost your sense of humor
And the first place you look is the soles of your shoes

And I watch these ice fields melt into the sea
Warming your oceans for centuries
Will your saline waters bring you back to me?
All the weight is bringing me to my knees

Chemical switches thrown in the dark
All it takes is a spark to begin
And can you tell which is the one with a mark?
Bleeds through the clothes to the skin

Too long I keep searching the alleys and avenues
But it seems I'm doing it wrong
For I've seen neither hide nor hair of you
And it's a short short walk from pebbles to bricks
From stones back to sticks
We're lowering the boiling point
And as time goes back it's harder to fix
It's a volatile mix, like hydrogen and oxygen

Chemical switches thrown in the dark
All it takes is a spark to beginМой блок в карантине, на мне пальмы на удиле
Ведь я трэппую жёстко
Мой дог — Тарантино, он заряжен на мобиле
Ведь он трэппует жёстко
Мой блок в карантине, на мне пальмы на удиле
Ведь я трэппует жёстко
Мой дог — Тарантино, он заряжен на мобиле
Ведь он трэппует жёстко

Воу, как трэппует жёстко, Вилли Вонка plug walk
На худе скачут волки, они ищут moonrock
Коп невдалеке, он хочет намотать срок
Парни налегке, их не догнать — это спорт
Хитрый тащит чеки, он прямой конкурент Blizzard
Бридер мутит стиль, назвали этот стиль "wizard"
Дудос на твой seed shop, парень, ты слился — ты вышел
Я набираю Доупу, этот разговор тихий

Мой блок в карантине, на мне пальмы на удиле
Ведь я трэппую жёстко
Мой дог — Тарантино, он заряжен на мобиле
Ведь он трэппует жёстко
Мой блок в карантине, на мне пальмы на удиле
Ведь я трэппую жёстко
Мой дог — Тарантино, он заряжен на мобиле
Ведь он трэппует жёстко

Вилли Вонка, в зипе бомба
Нарки в дурке, у них в дырках руки
Трэп-фабрикаты, стиль не прессован
Длинные руки тебя скурят
С длинным косым я - Пикассо
Я расписал сучий фасон
Oxycodone, не слышу фон
Я говорю приходу "стоп"
Жёсткий трап — это трапеза
Сотка зэнов в моих трусах
Кто-то скажет это suicide
Я ссал на копов, это неспроста

Хардкор на твоём ярде
Пятна сзади на её платье
Капли крови с твоей пасти
Пусть придет батя, за тебя заплатит сполна (ха-ха, да)

Мой блок в карантине, на мне пальмы на удиле
Ведь я трэппую жёстко
Мой дог — Тарантино, он заряжен на мобиле
Ведь он трэппует жёстко
Мой блок в карантине, на мне пальмы на удиле
Ведь я трэппую жёстко
Мой дог — Тарантино, он заряжен на мобиле
Ведь он трэппует жёсткоYo... We notorious; ain't nobody can bang with us
Rascalz, Checkmate, Kardinal and Thrust
Choclair coming down with that Northern touch, yo...
Why you people wanna bang with us
Ain't nobody can hang with us
Rascals, Checkmate, Kardinal and Thrust
Choclair coming down with the Northern touch
Tiggy touch, biggie baby...

Check the lingo we spread through the atmosphere
So distinctive no other style comes near
So when you hear you've got to peer over the ledge to get a glance
To know who is the man with the talents
Flipping my words like my body on the apparatus
Sky's the limit so I'm bound to break through the stratus
With these rhymes that are classics
Forget the fads and the fashions
Step in and make on the microphone
Aiyo world domination is the base of foundation
No time wasting
Fire walk we trail blazing
Burn to the next destination
Flexing on this world exploration
Teamed with the best in the nation
Yes and who that be
Custom design fine rhymes into salary
All the way from t-dot to the van city all stars
Rude boys freak you like a fantasy
Word up...

Yes from the northwest
And the t-dot, o-dizot check

I like chillin, Monday Night Raw watching
Me and Dan-E-O at the SkyDome when it's in town
My peoples know I just be regular
So haters start dissin
But steady reciting my lyrics
All with my dick in they mouth
They swallowin
Talking bout they need oxygen
People need to know Choclair
Don't move in no slow-mo
Into women like a gyno-colo-gist now
Dollars in fist now, how you gonna feel
When you see the six triple-o wheels start to peel
Suave dog appeal
Y'all know the deal
If you don't, ask my man Y-dawg
He'll tell you the circle rides the spot
T-dot represent
Slap my northwest connects
Rascalz they make the cash flow indeed
Yo, I down the goldschlager, Big C puffs the lie
Choclair with the mouth colorful like the currency


Yeah, I'm running with these villanous cats son
Fly to die, bro, kicking that all about rapture
You heard of killer cats like this
Smooth dominating sessions
Like hoes get boxers when I'm flexin
Dillenger runnin up on ya
So what you thinkin
I got rhymes like politicians steady politicing
Stick and move I don't age yo I improve
Then maximize my time like we fightin' in the spotlight
Aight then who wanna battle you must be trippin
Whack niggas should be served an ass whippin
We fortify and get live with five niggas
Then expand cross seas and over lands
Got people in Jamaica, Trini, and London
Australia
I bring the soul to the front like Mahalia
Curb style will make a nigga buckwild
Cold flip and set trip
Then I dip and that's it

Van City all-stars you know who you are
The notorious superstar

Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself
I know you up in here to release yo delf
So I'm frontin with the loot while others got the wealth
I'm in the v.i. undetected like a stealth
Girl you got a shape, simply you got a figure
Can I zoom zoom lick a shot you pull the trigger
Club scene honey I'll show you something much much bigger
When it's said and done you'll be like ooh that's my nigga
Starting from Scratch or Baby blue I figure
 She's a Gold Digger
Hard to kill figure
Got juice you wanna swigger
We don't answer to them cause we much bigger
Thrust
The maker of a style that you wanna represent present
In other words I pay the rent
From the past to the present and the future
Whatever suits you all the same
This kids's got gameStyle I love, body look so proper, di design I love
Really wah fi touch u, nah go lie my love
She say "devn pon a sale you can go buy my love"
"How you deal wid it so proper?" Mi say "girl mi nuh know"
Of course mi always wid you so you never alone
Only wah fi touch yuh body when mi inna di zone
Nuh the type fi really press you nah go ring up yuh phone

Your love is all I need
Mi di think a oxygen, yuh love is all I need
Mi see di pics dem pon di gram, she go pon all her knees
When you circle, bring yuh friend dem, yea fi all my Gs
Yea we inna different league, you know we B-I-G
She nobada call mi call Gapix, she say "come yah Tareque"
How you deal wid it so grimey, no me never go leave
Me did talk to you already but you never believe

You got me singing like Ohh, ohh, ohh
Do you really love me? tell me yes or no, ohh, ohh
Really need somebody fi caress me
Tell the truth, you know me never go lie-ie-ie
You are the only one me can rely-y-y on
Like ohh, ohh, ohh

Love is all I know
Cut mi brain out and go check it
Love is all I know
Leave it or you take it, that is all I know
The way you move is like a movie, you can star my show

Man a di king, you a di queen
I beg you put on yuh crown
No other gyal no deh deh weh fi sit on the throne
Nuh the type fi really press yuh, probably leff you alone
Yea the choppa will protect you , if you never did know
Couple tricks up mi sleeve
When mi take you to mi place, you feel the tropical breeze
Yea mi know mi sick, no be surprised if you sneeze
Every pain and every hurt and every stress a relieve
She wah mi sing a likkle song, so mi say "Ladadadee"
A couple minutes into it she call me Daddy
Mi know yuh hotter than the grabba but just grab on to me
Me no see nobody out there weh you rather than me

You got me singing like Ohh, ohh, ohh
Do you really love me? tell me yes or no, ohh, ohh
Really need somebody fi caress me
Tell the truth, you know me never go lie-ie-ie
You are the only one me can rely-y-y on
Like ohh, ohh, ohh

Style I love, body look so proper, di design I love
Style I love, body look so proper, di design I love
Yea mi know mi sick
Every stress and every pain and every hurt a releaseI've been living in the dark since I feel out of the womb
It's alright
Constantly coffin' on my way to the tomb
It's alright
Don't interrupt me if I'm talking too soon
It's alright, yeah

I seek repentance 'cause I sin and I sin
It's alright
I trimmed the fat but now my body's too thin
It's alright
My train of thought runs off the tracks when I sing
It's alright

Sometimes I try to hard and I don't succeed
But I've got this far
And I'm moving at my natural pace
And if it doesn't work out today
It's alright, it's alright
It's alright, it's alright

I got confused explaining science to god
It's alright
An oxy-moron, I'm a criminal cop
It's alright
My lights are green but when they're red I can't stop
It's alright

Lovers, they leave me and I'm left out like trash
It's alright
Nothing comes easy and it's gone in a flash
It's alright
Take a wrong turn and you'll be out on your ass
It's alright

Sometimes I try to hard and I don't succeed
But I've got this far and I'm moving at my natural pace
And if it doesn't work out today
It's alright, it's alright
It's alright, it's alright

I can't keep up the pace
When I run the human race
When I open up my mind
I can't but help to close my eyes
I found some breathing space
Inside the corners of my face
When life is rubbish, there's time to waste

It's alright, it's alright
It's alright, it's alright
It's alrightYo, I'm feeling nervous
I gotta admit, I'm feeling nervous
Few people know my name, I'm catching planes and feeling the turbulence
Turn this plane around
I'm bout to fly this, I'm the pilot
I'm the scriber that then
Described all of my city's violence
Validate my strugglin', I knuckle up and tuck 'em in
How much wood could a woodchuck tuck if doubled in my troublin'
I call it peacemaking
I pity the fool that fail to smell this piece of peace baking
Peep the delivery
Matter of fact, keep the delivery
Study it, stuttering, buddy it's, easy as butter and biscuits
You missed it, you living in stubbornness
Aw man, I ain't nervous now
I'm a poet and I know I came to serve this power
Where the world stage at?
Show them how the Earth get down
Humble yourselves, I see
Pride in your Cool Runnings
Bout to stumble yourselves, I see
How the cookie crumbles before it crumbles
That's prophetic
Y'all prosthetic, I'm authentic, I'm y'all menace
With a few minutes to go, and a minister flow, and in
Intervals I be replenishing souls
Gimme some more, family, friends, frenemies, enemies, entities
Bystanders, panhandlers, man endless standing in line for dinner at four
Now let me address these rappers, hit 'em with that give and that go
John came with a gift to give and you gon' get it and hold
Nobody move a muscle until I say so
Imma hit the hill and get the deal from my Big Yahweh, bro
(Let us pray!)
My father up in Heaven
Heaven forgive me for giving these heathens hell
I'm inhaling the hallelujahs and healing the halitosis
These bad breath mothersuckers sucking up all the oxygen
Imma just give em dominance
Domino effect, that geronimo effect
Say a word and watch 'em all fall, y'all don't know what's next
I'm the O-N-E  H-N-I-C a Nazi couldn't see me if I came as a Kamikaze
Juwanna Mann who want it, man?
I got that Illy Manilly ability the city is sleeping on me
It's cool I'm coming up in your dreams to scheme
I'm creeping on you
I'm with the Junkies feeling funky yeah we stinking on you
Smell it in the air, it's the rain of the deacon on you
I really ain't got that much more to say
Pass the word around, make sure you hit replay
Let me put my legacy up on display
And raise the banner for the rebel with a soul that won't decay, naw
The Side, homie"No one seems to care"
Parkside nigga, full of humble, some green
With Crip niggas, put the bloods on the leaves
That falls under money trees
I'm still on the block
Hot headed influence but that's only 'cause
No one seems to care

We be on this trait
Ain't no one got me, oh no way
No we don't copy, we don't fake
It's Nyck @ Knight, real late
Real time, got real over time
Spent my nickels and dimes
Nyck'll shine even if
"No one seems to care"

Voices in my head
I'm self reflecting need some help
I can't go 9 to 5
My highway to the wealth
I mean the animal and spit
All the music through the pelt
Make 'em feel what I felt though
"No one seems to care"

Tell me what that ratio is
Or just some kids, selling out shows
Not-even-on-radio big
Big ticket but not even in that stadium
They playing him, so it really seem like

"No one seems to care
Reach out for me
I'll be there"

No one seemed to care about this at all
Back at that school hall spitting, they ain't listen at all
When I started making music and was really going through it
I was telling people but it's like
"No one seems to care"

Told a nigga stick to the beats
Slept on hard floors just to get the flow up and get back on my feet
Staying on my toes to get the dough and lamp on the beach
Writing poems 'bout the shit that I seen
"No one seems to care"

Welcome to the basin where that body count is raising
Fourteen crushing Oxycontin and ain't no one escaping
You did it 'cause he did it
Man the city too contagious
They ain't got no one to save 'em
"No one seems to care"

Fifteen, I took my shit and left my momma house
Wasn't her, just the crib was hoarded, got this asthma now
Crib hoppin' with some homies that move the drugs about
They braggadocious, never mention names
Nigga, shut your mouth

"13 Minutes"Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Woaaaahhmm!)
Yeah, woooh!
Yeah, yeah, yaaahh, yeah

What if I could fly away? (Fly away)
Some way rough in the clouds
Without my angel wings
I'm trapped here on the ground

Well I need some oxygen to fly
Without you, yes I might surely die
I'm on my way up, way up
Going way up, way uuup (Way uuup, way uuup)
I need oxygen to fly!

I don't care what people think of me
Proud and honored that they carry me
Jaw gone but I love myself, like a lion to my family
Heart big through a tragedy
I don't care what the people say
I don't ever say can't or won't, had a dream to rap the other day
Just accept me for my differences
Everybody gonna hear my voice
Be a speaker to the people, be a hero, lead a nation, hope I heal'em
Met a bully but I beat'em, cuz my freedom through the words on the paper over reach'em
Could've died but I'm still here, could've cried but I'm still here
Bullies try but I'm still here
Mother tries so I'm still here
Could've seen the other side, but the other side had a wheelchair
Yeah they said the man would never walk but I'm walkin on'em
God is real, Yeah!
I'm just talkin' what I feel, yeah!
I'm just speakin' on the real, yeah!
Flexin' on 'em, yeah, I'm still here
Angels on me why I'm still here
Paintin' pictures, hear the scriptures, fuel me different on a mission How I feel, yeah!

The oxygen needed to flow through my body
The haters can't stop me, the life of the party
See me for the real me
Can't talk out loud but I'm still me
Put me right next to the Drakes and the Jay-Zs like a movie, but you gotta feel me
Love everybody like I love myself, play this game with the hand I was dealt!

What if I could fly away (Fly awaaay)
Some way rough in the clouds
Without my angel wings
I'm trapped here on the ground

Well I need some oxygen to fly
Without you, yes I might surely die
I'm on my way up, way up
Going way up, way uuup (Way uuup, way uuup)
I need oxygen to fly!I'm still in the pool you left me in
And I thought it'd be cool to be melted down
To be water on the ground
You could walk on or swim through

Here I am at the top again
Dreaming that you let me in
Talk me down, talk me down
Talk me down

We leave our marks on things that will never be ours
The streets are scarred, the trees are carved
With names that glow like
Diamond rings on one knee in a nice restaurant
I'm better now, those dreams are gone

'Cause I thought it'd be you and me
Hovering 'round everything I knew we'd be
If autumn flowers could just hold out 'til spring
And shake off the snowfall, whoa-oh-oh-oh

Here I am at the top again
Desperate for oxygen
Talk me down, talk me down
Here I am at a loss again
Starving for oxytocin
Talk me down, talk me down

We leave our marks on things that will never be ours
The streets are scarred, the trees are carved
With names that glow like
Diamond rings on one knee in a nice restaurant
I'm better now, those dreams are gone

Fading faster in the picture you took of us, just the two of us
There's no future in this phantom limb I've sewn to us
And there's a little spot where I let you in
Now it's a vacant lot where your name never washes off

'Cause I thought it'd be you and me
Circling infinity

We leave our marks on things that will never be ours
The streets are scarred, the trees are carved
With names that glow like
Diamond rings on one knee in a nice restaurant
I'm better now, those dreams are goneBlack cards
I work my ass off all day for this family, and this what I come home to? ________!?
I have a strict policy. First date, dinner. Second date, kiss. Third date, ________.
When I was a kid we used to play Cowboys and ________.
This is America. If you don't work hard, you don't succeed. I don't care if you're black, white, purple, or ________.
You Won't Believe These 15 Hilarious ________ Bloopers!
James is a lonely boy. But when he discovers a secret door in his attic, he meets a magical new friend: ________.
Don't worry, kid. It gets better. I've been living with ________ for 20 years.
My grandfather worked his way up from nothing. When he came to this country, all he had was the shoes on his feet and ________.
Behind every powerful man is ________.
You are not alone. Millions of Americans struggle with ________ every day.
Come to Dubai, where you can relax in our world-famous spas, experience the nightlife, or simply enjoy ________ by the poolside.
"This is madness!" "No. THIS IS ________!"
Listen, Gary, I like you. But if you want that corner office, you're going to have to show me ________.
I went to the desert and ate of the peyote cactus. Turns out my spirit animal is ________.
And would you like those buffalo wings mild, hot, or ________?
The six things I could never do without: oxygen, facebook, chocolate, netflix, friends, and ________ LOL!
Why won't you make love to me anymore? Is it ________?
Puberty is a time of change. You might notice hair growing in new places. You might develop an interest in ________. This is normal.
I'm sorry, Mrs. Chen, but there was nothing we could do. At 4:15 this morning, your son succumbed to ________.
I'm Miss Tennessee, and if I could make the world better by changing one thing, I would get rid of ________.
Tonight, we will have sex. And afterwards, if you'd like, a little bit of ________.
Everybody join hands and close your eyes. Do you sense that? That's the presence of ________ in this room.
To become a true Yanomamo warrior, you must prove that you can withstand ________ without crying out.
Y'all ready to get this thing started? I'm Nick Cannon, and this is America's Got ________.
If you had to describe me, the Card Czar, using only one of the cards in your hand, which one would it be?
White cards
A bass drop so huge it tears the starry vault asunder to reveal the face of God.
A bowl of gourds.
A buttload of candy.
A constant need for validation.
A man who is so cool that he rides on a motorcycle.
A peyote-fueled vision quest.
A pizza guy who fucked up.
A possible Muslim.
A self-microwaving burrito.
A turd.
A whole lotta woman.
An oppressed people with a vibrant culture.
An overwhelming variety of cheeses.
Bathing in moonsblood and dancing around the ancient oak.
Being John Malkovich.
Being a terrible mother.
Being popular and good at sports.
Breastfeeding a ten year old.
Bullets.
Cancer.
Cool, relatable cancer teens.
Crippling social anxiety.
Crying and shitting and eating spaghetti.
Cute boys.
Eating together like a god damn family for once.
Ejaculating inside another man's wife.
Every ounce of charisma left in Mick Jagger's tired body.
Filling a man's anus with concrete.
Forgetting grandma's first name.
Generally having no idea what's going on.
Getting all offended.
Getting shot out of a cannon.
Growing up chained to a radiator in perpetual darkness.
Gwyneth Paltrow's opinions.
Immortality cream.
Important news about Taylor Swift.
Kale.
Like a million alligators.
Meaningless sex.
Morpheus.
Never having sex again.
No longer finding any Cards Against Humanity card funny.
One unforgettable night of passion.
Our new Buffalo Chicken Dippers®!
Owls, the perfect predator.
Peeing into a girl's butt to make a baby.
Pussy.
Rabies.
Reading the entire End-User License Agreement.
Ripping a dog in half.
Robots who just want to party.
Setting my balls on fire and cartwheeling to Ohio.
Shapes and colors.
Shitting all over the floor like a bad, bad girl.
Such a big boy.
Sucking all the milk out of a yak.
Sudden penis loss.
Teaching a girl how to handjob the penis.
Texas.
The all-new Nissan Pathfinder with 0.9% APR financing!
The amount of gay I am.
The color "puce."
The dentist.
The eighth graders.
The haunting stare of an Iraqi child.
The male gaze.
The power of the Dark Side.
The sweet song of sword against sword and the braying of mighty war beasts.
Throwing stones at a man until he dies.
Treasures beyond your wildest dreams.
Turning the rivers red with the blood of infidels.
Two whales fucking the shit out of each other.
Unsheathing my massive horse cock.
Walking into a glass door.
Whatever you wish, mother.Princess cards she sends me
With her regards
Oh, barroom eyes shine vacancy
To see her you gotta look hard
Wounded deep in battle
I stand stuffed like some soldier undaunted
To her cheshire smile, I'll stand on file
She's all I ever wanted

You let your blue walls get in the way of these facts, honey
Get your carpetbaggers off my back
Girl, give me time to cover my tracks
She said, "Here's your mirror and your ball and jacks"
But they're not what I came for
Oh, I came for so much more
And I know you know that, too (I came for you)
And I know you know that's true (I came for you)

I came for you
I came for you
I came for you, for you, I came for you

Crawl into my ambulance
Your pulse is getting weak
Reveal yourself all to me now
While you got the strength to speak
'Cause they're waiting for you at Bellevue
With their oxygen masks
But I could give it all to you now
If only you could ask

Don't call for your surgeon, even he says it's late
It's not your lungs this time but your heart holds your fate
Don't give me my money back, don't want it anymore
It's not that nursery mouth I came back for
It's not the way you stretched out on the floor
I've broken all your windows and I rammed through all your doors
And who am I to ask you to fight my wars
And you should know that's true (I came for you)
You should know that, too (I came for you)

I came for you
I came for you
I came for you, for you, I came for you


Don't call for your surgeon, even he says it's late
It's not your lungs this time but your heart holds your fate
Don't give me my money back, don't want it anymore
It's not that nursery mouth I came back for
It's not the way you stretched out on the floor
I've broken all your windows and I rammed through all your doors
Who am I to ask you to fight my wars
And you should know that's true (I came for you)
You should know that, too (I came for you)

I came for you
I came for you
I came for you
I came for you
I came for you, for you, I came for you

I came for you
I came for youYo I don't care if you a thug or not, you ever fought a juggernaut?
Thoughts travel faster than the speed that a slug is shot
And fuck a one-on-one, bring on four of y'all
I'll cripple and torture you like a Klingon warrior
Or a Romulan and rob you with the mask of a Hobgoblin
Boggling brains out in the Range with the gas throttlin'
Your bitch' pussy throbbin', dome bobbin', no oxygen
I'm bottlin' blood of a model, and sip it like Scottish Gin
You bitches always in clubs, I can't feel you
I hate clubs more than baby seals do
Your man raps, he's an amateur rockin'
And stays pushing a bucket, like a janitor moppin'
I got a toxic gas canister poppin' and fans hoppin'
Out the windows at shows, like death is the only option
Y'all don't want it so quietly observe this
Comic book nerd who got a loaded Mossberg

When I stepped on stage they stood still
The Sun God, Amun Ra, no chill
The dopest rhymes you ever heard in your life
So if you ever see me drop the mic, tell your boy
To pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, pick it up
Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up
Tell your boy to pick it up, pick it up, pick it up
Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, pick it up

Yo, you better pay me or it's payback so don't tempt me
When it's gun talk I speak eloquently
This guided missile, split in half your flimsy chopper
Celph without semi's pop is like Russians without plenty vodka
Kinda like going to Wendy's for a Whopper
Or The Goonies without Cyndi Lauper
One shot will lop a ear off, yes I'm a murder vet
You tried to choke me but it only felt like a turtle neck
East Coast Bloods banging a five star, Crips banging a six
Demigodz bangin' a whip, hang glidin' from cliffs
It's like my clique works at the gardenin' center
They bag up every rock and set up shop and got the heart for the winter
We on the top and that's the best of all
I must be lookin' through binoculars backwards, y'all look hella small
My subject matter never broadens, just gats that splatter organs
But they love my verses so much, they fast-forward the chorus

When I stepped on stage they stood still
The Sun God, Amun Ra, no chill
The dopest rhymes you ever heard in your life
So if you ever see me drop the mic, tell your boy
To pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, pick it up
Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up
Tell your boy to pick it up, pick it up, pick it up
Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, pick it up

I'm the epitome of underground, I spit maggots and worms
I'm a heat wave, so your ass getting burned
And if I ever get burned, watch my ashes return
To flesh and bone, then I jump my ass out the urn
Grab the microphone from you and start to rap out of turn
And when your crew start to get amped I make 'em relax like a perm
I'm fast with my hands, sorta like Hagler and Hearns
I beat that ass so fast I reverse that ass back to sperm
Niggas be tryin' to cruise with me, but get tossed of the boat
I give them a Tracheotomy so they have to talk through their throat
I make crouching tigers stand up and find hidden dragons
Walk on air like Chow Yun-fat and speak in different patterns
To civilize the savage that helped my people grow
Like sperm and embryos, you got an empty flow
I burn rappers faster than Michael Jackson's hair
After the Pepsi commercial without rehearsal, yo

When I stepped on stage they stood still
The Sun God, Amun Ra, no chill
The dopest rhymes you ever heard in your life
So if you ever see me drop the mic, tell your boy
To pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, pick it up
Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up
Tell your boy to pick it up, pick it up, pick it up
Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up, pick it up

Rest in peace to my brother P.H., Pumpkinhead
That was my homie for 20 years
Nuyorican cafe, cyphers and shit, '88 hip hop
We came up at the same time
One of the best dudes I ever met in my life
Yeah, peace brotherHome is no sense of comfort
I'll stray to the forest, let's build up a tree fort
Out of the sticks that you gave me
By the river when I was young
Self-respect is such a strong word
And I can't comprehend
How many times that I have tried it
How many times that I have lost it
Don't dare ask for closure
Well, I guess I can't tell anyone anything anymore

This passion is tough to compare
With the courage of a polar bear
And my body is nothing less
Than a fortress of lions
(Looks like) the ventriloquist
Well, he lacks his oxygen
I hate to say this but it makes me happy that it makes you sad
Honesty all pays off with open minds
Honesty all pays off with open hearts

I had a pet wolf until I needed a coat
Well, you gotta do what you gotta do
It is what it is
Well, I had a pet wolf until I needed a coat
You gotta do what you gotta do
It is what it is

I came with confidence
And I left with emptiness
Well, I came with confidence
And I left with emptiness
Well, I came with confidence
And I left with emptiness
Well, I came with confidence
And I left with emptinessWhoop that ass (x4)

So I came in late like at 3 a.m
My nigga said,"Bitch where the hell you been?"
He better end that sentence with no disrespect
Or Ima have to kill that bitch

Whoop that ass (x4)
Whoop it, Whoop it, Whoop it real good (Hook x2)

I tried to calm down and not kick his ass
Maybe we could leave that bull shit in the past
Until a blond bitch peaked out of the covers and said
"Baby come back to bed, asap"
His face went from brown to red
He said to the her, "I said shut the fuck up Trish!"
"You're both done for, you little dumb whores,"
I got up and locked all the doors
"Wait baby I'm sorry, but don't blame this all on me
I heard you at the club calling Trey daddy,"
"Lets forget this ever happened," I said
"Agreed"
Guess I don't have to

Whoop that ass (x4)
Whoop it, Whoop it, Whoop it real good (Hook x2)

After the hoe was out the door
We both said "we won't do this no more,"
We shared a laugh, were off to bed
As for me, not yet

Whoop that ass (x4)
Whoop it, Whoop it, Whoop it real good (Hook x2)

Went to the drawer, grabbed a forty four
Picked up the pillow case along with the mace
Took his safe, I wasn't staying for this case
Then I packed my shit
I'm reversed, run and hit
So I went over and

Whooped that ass (x4)
Whooped it, Whooped it, Whooped it real good (Hook x2)

Damn,guilt was killing me
But his death got me finally feeling free
An accident is what it'll seem to be
That's what his ass gets for cheating on me
But it's crazy because I only meant to

Whoop that ass (x4)
Whoop it, Whoop it, Whoop it real good (Hook x2)

R.I.P I just murked yo ass
You was taking up oxygen, only used me to smash
Your mind went blank and empty went your bank
But in the end, I really just
Kilt that ass, kilt that ass, kilt that ass
Kilt you, kilt you, kilt you real quick (x2)

Lesson to be learned, never cheat
In the end, they all get burnedShut down the gospel singers
And turn up the old heart-breakers
I'm dying to tell you that I'm dying here
Throw up the sickly joy and I'll
Swallow the sweet self-loathing
I'm just dying to be unhappy again

Oh, where love won't grow
Oh, I will build my home

And if happiness won't come to me
Hand me the nitrous gas

Leave the acute warm-heartedness
Go where the joyless bastard lives
He's dying to bring you down with him
Suck in the bright red major key
Spit out the blue minor misery
I'm dying to bring you down with me

Ooh, oh, oh
Ooh, oh, o-o-oh
Ooh, oh, oh
Ooh, oh

But if happiness won't come to me
Hand me the nitrous gas
You can keep all of your oxygen
Hand me the nitrous gas
And if happiness won't live with me
Think I can live with that
You can keep all of your oxygen
Hand me the nitrous gasParoles de Lferda "Panachi"
Jamais tchoufni kanl7assaa
Wakha ya3tiiwni mal 9arouun
Ana wrassi kanmezekni
Dareb la vie gha b'taloune
Had rap kif baloun
Wana kanjoungli fhad rwappa
Had s7ab kif sharoune
7esbouni sahel wtle3t krappa

7nana bghat tchoufni bikhiir
Wana rap likaywasiini
F'3in bouya ba9i sghiir
7it rap nssani fdini
7it zman mamsawich
Gelt n3icho west lkdoub
Bin rdat lwalidin, wrap limamnouch hroub
Rba7na doukha fhad la vida
Waktama 7awli 3lina
Yak leblad mabghatnach
Jam3ouna wsadrouna fsafina
7yatna b7al chi mosalsal
Wa lmokhriij rah mliina
Che3b mkaml gha' bdfal
Wlwe9t da7ka 3lina
Chi kaysoug panamera, wchi kaykheles ftritat
Flous li dathoum shakira, wcha3b kaymot fsbitar
Ch7al mn kidar stro zman wflakhr fad7o hi Facebook
3ich tchouf, chouf tv, paparazi ghayfd7ouk
Kayn li7adi 3youb nas, nasi 3youb rasou
Kayn li madi b7al chi fas, 7akma fih mratou
Kayn ch7al mn mounafi9, d7ek ta bano drasou
Kayn lib7ali 3ando dmagh, khasso ghi l'massou
Khassni gha ra7t lbal, mabghitch ana titiza
Glbi maz3ot fl7enana, wli b9a gha khallih
N3ich kima bghit ana, mabghitch nlbes 9amija
Tfout gha se7a, wli bghat ytir a3chiri ghi khliiih
7ekmat 3lina lwe9t blmawt lbatii2
3merna daz mekyafa jenb rassif (we we)
Lmout fer9atni 3la ch7al mn sadii9
Zan9a 3lmatni dorous, yaatiif
7obek chatani, casa mi amor
Kberna fla misère, 9sedna l'babour
Nchalaah Milano, n7ergo
Nchalaah Milano, n7ergo l'passport
Khatina li'khlata, chriki tro7 tnika, ga3'lii
Khatiha ljamal, kat3aljo hi b'Retrica, 7na ra
F9edna l7anan kifma, fta9dna lmika wnta
Gha 3niba 3chiri mli la3ba bik monika (we we)
Dwina b'chella gjamat, fahmouna gha dwa9a
3acherni 3ad 7km, matgolch hada rah'fih l3ya9a
Serefna mousi9a jwanat
3ich m3aya lbouwa9a
Kanmezzek gha 3chrani, niik l'buzz 3tini l3a9a
3miyt l3ma f3okazo
Hado mrad bghaw ihersouna
7na kankhafi ghir mn rabbi, o'walidina li'kabrouna
Kifach baghi tkoun khouna, wntaf3aylk dyal mouna
Tala 7lemti tesnifina, msa7 gha nifek mn lkhnouna
We we

Gha niki lmoussi9a, jusqu'à qu'elle m'aime (we we)
Gha niki lmoussi9a, jusqu'à qu'elle m'aime
Gha niki lmoussi9a, jusqu'à qu'elle m'aime
Gha niki lmoussi9a, jusqu'à qu'elle m'aime
Rap maghribi azmatique, khasso l'oxygéneEntre-nous s'immisce
L'éclat de l'empyrée
Ou pousse l'oxalis
Nos cœurs restent scellés

En allant sur ta tombe
Sais'tu sur qui je tombe?
Une certaine Miss Rathle
Pourquoi son nom me parle
De mystères et de drames
Sans savoir je fantasme
Un destin pourquoi pas
Qui se lierait a toi

Sa mère Marie-Camille
Repose a ses cotes
Elle survit a sa fille
Encore 38 années
D'elles deux je ne sais rien
Mais le dialogue muet
Face a ta pierre scellée
M'inspire d'affabuler

Entre-nous s'immisce
L'éclat de l'empyrée
Ou pousse l'oxalis
Nos cœurs restent scellés

A ta droite ce visage
Proche de'asphyxie
La tete dévissée
En mal d'insuffler
L’oxygéne au trépas
Une fois le parc clos
Veille sur elle du haut
Des airs de l'au-dela
Une faible inclination
Je tourne les talons
Inaudible "salut"
Sait-on jamais si tu
M'entends a mon insu
Je chercherai ton ombre
Et parmi les vivants
Et parmi les décombres

Entre-nous s'immisce
L'éclat de l'empyrée
Ou pousse l'oxalis
Nos cœurs restent scellés

Take one is over
Bid adieu to you old sister
Under cover
Going sober
Over and out

- Maman ? (Hmm hmm ?)
- Ça c'est... T'as écouté ma musique ?
- Oui j'ai écouté !
- Elle est chiante ma musique. (rires) Je trouve que t'aimes pas
- Si j'aime !
- Maman c'est fini ! C'est finiYeah
INS, 7, Eso
Here we go

Birds in the coop murder herbs in my boots
Blue convertible, heavy head swerve on the juice
Bottom to the top, pops hot like the bottom of the pot
Top dollar, you can spot him at the spot
Flow Murder One, third world slums heard of son
Overtime grind get it first come
A-Team Hannibal, 88th page in the manual
Maintain, handle intangibles
You see me push through, bully at the park
Do it like the crooks do, hoodie after dark
Spark with the flamer on, bang a drum
On til the break of dawn, take him on like Jason Bourne
Later on, poly with a model chick
I ain't into politics, 1-6 call me a lobbyist
Know there's no stoppin' this
Years from now, homie still rockin' its
Dark knight roaming the metropolis

"Ringside table, batman?"
"Um, just one, thanks. I'll stand at the bar"
"Poisonous thoughts"
"You're breathing fire"
"I'm breathing fire"
"Comin' out hard"

Through my pugilist struggle
Me and the mic make a beautiful couple
Musically we lift em without moving a muscle
Rushing crews like I'm Russell
You wanna tussle with pitbull muzzle
We can reduce you to rubble, you don't want no trouble
I'm Zeus in a goose bubble
Producing a verbal beef
With the Wu and the crew is deep
With a lucrative hustle
Now see, I can be a 
Put you rappers to the drum
Cut your pinky finger off for fronting, that's a rule of thumb
Fuck your motherfucking beats, I don't care who they from
Check it out (You good, right?)
Yeah, yeah I'm good, listen
I put the "am" in "ammunition"
Cause I am a hammer spittin'
Superman be on a mission, but y'all change in a booth
Yeah, my fam-a-lam I'm missin, but I'm handlin my business
Keep the planets on collision while maintaining the truth
You off course like a lost pilot
You can meet the shepherd, cause I'm violent like the Lost pilot
No one survived it
No one survived it


Liquor erodin' my liver I'm still sippin' there
Grab it guzzle it down like I don't give a shit
That's how I fight back like, "Life, take that"
Right to the heart that's why that shit be burning my chest
I invested in all the shit they sell you in
You's a little man, the sky's the limit all that other shit
Blah blah blah, get a tad older than it's evident
That you gon' settle in whatever job can help you pay the rent
Jimmy Olsen and the Super Friends
That line was doper than a motherfucker but you couldn't understand
Metaphoric to my light bright, why do I fight?
Up down, bottle top, left in the wrong fight
Czar of the gong show, that's an oxymoron
Don't ever call me crazy motherfucker, I'm just throwed off
Back to the gong show, I bet you didn't get it
Ha-huh-ha, get it niggas is so dritty
If you believe in fate then that means that life's scripted
Give or take a couple of pages for quick edits
I just rip out them pages, nothing is ever sacred
I'm searching for an oasis, the end is coming no way to save itHey.... Hey.... Hey.... Hey..

You did it, you got it
You wowed the world
Of casting agents and cowgirls
Fess up you're dressed up to kill yourself

Girl, I'm a walking plane-crash to your moms and dads
Ostentatious and crass pulling the gauze
Off your scabs
Bitch, I negate the myth of the 'great black boyfriend'
In the Polaroid at the get-together
Wearing a corduroy vest-sweater
So don't get that engagement ring engraved
Cause before we met you thought
That hoodrats laid eggs
And that rappers were just sky-pirates with peg legs
But I kick it with you simply for the shits and giggles, playful innuendo’s
You thought
"He's just an uber-dred for the federal fiscal cap"
But after brunch, you'll need
Two Sudafeds and a disco nap
After I drain your insides with a crazy straw
You ain't my baby doll-
"Cuz Nigga you reek of coffee shop blend"
My body's a lollypop that caters to the
Miss polyglot’s whim
With addictive agents that outweigh oxycontins
And our phobias perfectly fit
It takes a quirky chick with curvy hips to petrify this working-stiff

You did it, you got it
You wowed the world
Of casting agents and cowgirls
Fess up you're dressed up to kill yourself
While I'm still on the shelf
They want an everyman milking the oldest gags
Spilling the contents of a Pepsi can on folded flags
They want an everyman milking the oldest gags
Spilling the contents of a Pepsi can on folded flags

I'll be today's avatar of the prefab
Then end up a child star in rehab
It's like a bed-and-breakfast
I'm sending a text message on my key pad
Saying, "I have no more to say
To me ex-manager(slash)sea hag divorcee
Except eat shit and die"
My daily commute ends with a fender-bender
Cause no one acknowledges my ten-year tenure
I've got the know-how the thrill your scene
But they want someone lowbrow, a philistine
With iron-on irony for Viacom's white honkies
They'll send you a girl wearing
Tight thongs under nylon gi's
"Let's all hit!"
But I'm not for the gaudy gangbang
The thought of it turns my member to a soggy plantain
And shit, I get off on news leads
And you pet mouse meat
Set and poised with sex toys
In your penthouse suite believing you're Lou Reed
I spit used reeds out the wet mouthpiece
Even when sex appeal is taboo
Electric bills are past due
My head is clear of engineered, election year snafu

You did it, you got it
You wowed the world
Of casting agents and cowgirls
Fess up you're dressed up to kill yourself
While I'm still on the shelf
They want an everyman milking the oldest gags
Spilling the contents of a Pepsi can on folded flags
They want an everyman milking the oldest gags
Spilling the contents of a Pepsi can on folded flags

I used to say, fuck it
Wouldn't placate the functionaries
Too busy making playdates with buxom secretaries
But I hope that my homies don't laugh
My choreographed dance steps
Are a little effeminate for a sociopath
We've been airbrushed so much we look like a claymation zoo
I'm a voice-over on your Playstation 2
But in my hey-day my ethical fiber
Would turn stages into firewood

You did it, you got it
You wowed the world
Of casting agents and cowgirls
Fess up you're dressed up to kill yourself
While I'm still on the shelf
They want an everyman milking the oldest gags
Spilling the contents of a Pepsi can on folded flags
They want an everyman milking the oldest gags
Spilling the contents of a Pepsi can on folded flagsAlright, there it go again
Yo, yo

Yeah, foreign cars, we coppin' em, hoppin' in with Glocks an' them
Stick up kids on dead-end streets, we pop 'em first, we box 'em in
Behind the wheel the driver's hittin' gas before the oxygen
Tryna find whatever hoes that he can tie a sock up in
To stop the bleedin', lotta reasons, lotta goons, they wanna eat
The money pop a lotta shit, the stick-up game is outta season
First time I scoped 'em out in front of subways eatin' pizza
He didn't even peep us
This is practice, thuggin' with free access
Original hitmen, born shooters that wear glasses
Guns that stop traffic, ain't afraid to blast it, bitch
This is Iraq iron, not plastic
We hogtie, duct tape, take long drives
You in the trunk, balls-out naked, you gon' die
Any place on God's green Earth you gon' fry
Night-night, ya goin' to bed, but not to the Stuy

Ayo, hempty-dimp, I love rice and shrimp (Uh huh)
If I can't catch the plane then I'm catchin' the blimp (Yeah)
Told brown-skin, "Yeah, you can call me a pimp"
But I'm the real orphan of rap, I got lost in the pack
The streets had me trapped, I ain't know where I was at
Weeded in saucy black jeans, jewelry glossy
Early in the mornin', toast and coffee (Word)
You can't off me, your wack flows suck and exhausts me (Hey)
I got New York heat, 'bout to fuck a chick shortly (C'mon)
I'm bowlegged with dogs, can't none of y'all walk me
Honeys love me, follow me everywhere, stalk me
I'm good with the hoop, ten hut, my army tense up
You can't inch up, don't even flinch up
Honeys get wet and they panties be all drenched up
I'm comin' off the bench like I'm blowin' the bench up
Black crown, black apparel, black nunchucks
36 is hard to kill, we put a fence up
Armored tank, Masta Killa shit, black Benz truck

Cauliflower wallabees, turkey legs, collard greens
Dollar dreams, if I'm not the T'Challa then what kinda king
Am I? My persona, man, it's nada, this is not a thing
Island got Italians, load the Talons and then bada-bing
Make 'em sing, this is not Sopranos, y'all, don't make a scene
Making cream, how I make it up without the Maybelline?
Can' with the laser beam, your favorite team's
Not the playground to play around with, just try and take a swing
Yadamean? It's not a seesaw battle
Not the bridge you wanna travel
'Cause your life expectancy on the Verrazzano is narrow
Just me, Denny and Darryl
Just before my hand cock you can see the Smith on the barrel
Hit the gravel, forever be in my shadow
Rather be up in the saddle than up the creek with no paddle
Key to the city, judge, throw away the gavel
Since the game got pretty it don't go with my apparelI'm still frustrated from last night
Things happened in half-time, I'm sick of the bends
My panic research was no help
I sink into myself
Afraid of the fall that never ends
I wait, but I'm too tired to play pretend
I'll suffocate until the end
No time for halfhearted goodbyes
I turn on the spotlight and flee from the scene
Cheap flights from Paris to Bangkok, I thought it was nonstop
Can't sleep on the KLM again
I haunt the halls of medicine at night
Choking back the urge to fight
Her cat was clawing the floorboards just outside of our door
The panic begins
I searched the whole damn apartment from ceiling to carpet
No sign of the things she used to own
As autumn turns its back on me again
I climb the walls for oxygen
My body aches, it heaves, it shakes
All somersaults through so-called art
And I still don't know exactly who I am
I never will, amen
She whispers something in my ear, the message is unclear
She motions outside
I trail her closely from behind
She tries hard not to cry
She shakes underneath the pouring rain
"I can't compete with all your damn ideas
This isn't working out for you or me
The truth is I'm too tired to play pretend
This is goodbye, this is the end."Extreme instinct to survive
From the first minute of time I was sipping the elixir of life
Born with infinite lives
When collecting thoughts I suck the universe into my mind
I'm lyricism defined
A voice so loud I leave the studio before I've finished my lines
Shaolin monk blessed with a powerful punch
Knock every last oxygen molecule out of your lungs

I sit back and kill time wasters
Never second guess I stab in the dark with light sabres
We’re the undergrounds upper echelon
To Whom It Concerns, you’re sincerely written off with this letter bomb
I’ll have the rap scene cordoned off
When I engrave your name on a bullet, and call the shots
You’ve got it backwards like French grammar
So I put the nail bomb in your coffin with a sledgehammer

My blood may be a fiery red
But there’s nothing but ice in the left side of my chest
Not right in the head
Rolling triple sixes every time I’m dicing with death
Raised on the opposite of love
Drove insane with a body in the trunk
Yo, psychological disorder
My mind rotten to the core like Sodom and Gomorra

Strange deranged, twisted insane
Crazy demented sick in the brain
Strange deranged, twisted insane
Crazy demented, schizophrenics
Strange deranged, twisted insane
Crazy demented sick in the brain
Strange deranged, twisted insane
Crazy demented

Throw grenades and play fetch with a dog soldier
I’m Jason, Bourne the 31st of October
One nine eight three A.D
God made earth in seven days and took nine months to make me
Breathe fire as I squeeze on my dragon balls
Catch zees when I sleep on my padded walls
You now sleep with piranhas
I’m the salt of the earth in the recipe for disasters

Boa constrict blood flow to your lips
Focus my eyes at the moon forcing a solar eclipse
Nobody is colder than this
Think outside Pandora’s box then begin opening it
I’m never sat in traffic
I lift the car and run till my muscles dissolve in lactic acid
Dinosaur spinal cord, rigid dermal plates
Turn away and backstab you with my vertebrae

I’m the right man for the hatchet job
Prepare the abattoir for the Lamb of God
Banish you to the land of nod
Close friends turn into snakes like Aaron’s Rod
Between a Ragnarok and a hard place
R.A to the last days, no matter what
Camelot home to my knighthood
Got Jakabok Botch locked inside my rhyme bookYou were there at the door
You said, "I don't know how to say this
But I want more
I don't know how you're gonna take this"
And my mind went sore
And my body went weightless
I couldn't find the floor
I couldn't find the floor

And you walked away
And I saw fireworks imploding frame by frame
Like watching a movie in slow motion from miles away
Up like a rocket ship ascends, it's drifting up into space
And I'm running out of oxygen

We can't go back to the first
Losing stories like leap year
With fake smiles and words
Just a ghost left to be near
I'm not sure how this works
What do you want me to say, dear?
All I know is it hurts
All I know is it hurts

And you walked away
And I saw fireworks imploding frame by frame
Like watching a movie in slow motion from miles away
Up like a rocket ship ascends, it's drifting up into space
And I'm running out of oxygen

I'm drifting out of the hemisphere
So far away
All of the memories disappear
And start to fade

And you walked away
And I saw fireworks imploding frame by frame
Like watching a movie in slow motion, from miles away
Up like a rocket ship ascends, it's drifting up into space
And I'm running out of oxygenLet me feel that way
Feeding time with interest
Love that's forced is borrowed
Eating out for breakfast
Will we last the fortnight?
Making plans forever
Can we last the night?
Faking jazz together
Reading out the tiles
With a tight whisper
Leads me to believe
Faking jazz together
Three tone as you go
Quadropus is deep below
Pining for some oxygen and friendsSo let my lips say what they want to say
And let my hips move how they want to move
Let my hands do what they wanna do
I don't trust myself around you
It's like my body got a mind of its own
One touch and I'm begging for two
Strung out and I don't know what to do
I don't trust myself around you

We can chill, we can chill, we can lie together
Tell me your fantasy and we'll do that together
Pull my hair, love me good, and I'll be bad forever
With you, with you, you, you
You the man, you the man, baby, let me tell you
Hit me up when you can, you know I don't get jealous
Breathe me in, oxygen, turning up a level
With you, with you, you, you

I try to contain it but I can't explain it, I'm feeling so crazy
I try to be sane but your kiss got me faded, I'm drunk off you, baby
I don't trust myself with you

So let my lips say what they want to say
And let my hips move how they want to move
Let my hands do what they wanna do
I don't trust myself around you
It's like my body got a mind of its own
One touch and I'm begging for two
Strung out and I don't know what to do
I don't trust myself around you

What you need? What you like? Boy, I got it covered
Say my name, wear it out, baby, don't you stutter
Layin' up, layin' low, layin' under covers
With you, with you, you, you
In the mood, in the mood to spice it up a little
Ride slow, you know I got these tints all on my window (Ayy)
Roleplay, roleplay, I'll be Super woman for you, for you, you, you

I try to contain it but I can't explain it, I'm feeling so crazy (Oh yeah)
I try to be sane but your kiss got me faded, I'm drunk off you, baby
I don't trust myself with you

So let my lips say what they want to say
And let my hips move how they want to move
Let my hands do what they wanna do
I don't trust myself around you
It's like my body got a mind of its own
One touch and I'm begging for two
Strung out and I don't know what to do
I don't trust myself around you

I never had this feeling (Yeah)
For you, I'm something different (Yeah)
Don't stop right there, I love
What you're doin' to me, doin' to me, yeah
This thing right here the realest (Yeah)
We know our love is endless (Yeah)
Keep it right there, I love
What you're doin' to me, doin' to me, yeah

So let my lips say what they want to say (They say)
And let my hips move how they want to move (They move)
Let my hands do what they wanna do
I don't trust myself around you
It's like my body got a mind of its own (Its own)
One touch and I'm begging for two (For two)
Strung out and I don't know what to do
I don't trust myself around you

I don't trust myself around you
I don't trust myself around youStrapped up cause I got the racks up
Strapped up, Strapped up cause I got the racks up

I swear it's suicide, when you on my mind
Thought about you all the time
I think I seen the lie, yeah
I swear it's suicide, when you on my mind
Thought about you all the time
I think I seen the lie, yeah
I'm in a coup don't know what to do
You thought it was cool, you broke all the rules
Thought I was a fool, you never told the truth
I cut you lose, you brought me to my doom

I swear I got to cry, the demons eat my soul alive
You should've never tried whether i was wrong or right
You fucking wit me which is why I think you wanna die
I wanna grab my 9 and point it to the fucking sky
To the fucking sky, you'll be energized
For the malice fights, tiered of sleepless nights
We used to be alive, VVS won't hypnotized
The gleam, it had me mesmerized
Too late for the compromise

I swear it's suicide, when you on my mind
Thought about you all the time
I think I seen the lie, yeah
I swear it's suicide, when you on my mind
Thought about you all the time
I think I seen the lie, yeah
I'm in a coup don't know what to do
You thought it was bool, you broke all the rules
Thought I was a fool, you never told the truth
I cut you lose, you brought me to my doom

Keep on breathing, tell me why you gotta be deceiving
Tell me why my oxygen be leaving
You took my soul away so I'm retrieving
Now I gotta count it up, them big bucks
Cause I like the nice stuff, Never enough
Pussy boy, you think you tuff
Who do I trust, who can I trust?

I swear it's suicide, when you on my mind
Thought about you all the time
I think I seen the lie, yeah
I swear it's suicide, when you on my mind
Thought about you all the time
I think I seen the lie, yeah
I'm in a coup don't know what to do
You thought it was bool, you broke all the rules
Thought I was a fool, you never told the truth
I cut you lose, you brought me to my doom

Strapped up cause I got the racks up
Strapped up, Strapped up cause I got the racks upStop, picture me in scrubs in a room with hip-hop
Operating on it with my instruments
I'm the doc, it's crunch time
Line up rappers I don't like and call that shit a punch line
These niggas e-beefing, that ain't what wars about
Ain't nothing dying but the game, pull the organs out
These niggas dissing like they wondering where Malcolm's at
Till I split em where they're scalp is at, where my scalpel at?
I ain't been hearing heart, I'm bout to check his pulse
With my stethoscope, pressed against the records tho
We ride in, we gonna W-I-N
I will check a bitch ass like a O-B-G-Y-N
I'm respected like a killer, a record like thriller!
I will keep a tab on you like Twitter!
Now feel the hating grow, Nickel give em oxygen and shock em with
That that defibrillator flow!

As long as I'm alive the game gunna be breathing
Even though it's, wheezing hit him like like clear clear
Wake his ass up he was sleeping
I said as long as I'm alive the game gunna be breathing
Even though it's, wheezing hit him like like clear clear
Wake his ass up he was sleeping

I'm alive, they almost killed me but I survived
Hip hop has been revived
Surprise (Ok doc!) Ow, stop shocking me now
Tell your nurse that she can put this scalpel down
I'm back ready to rap took a little nap ready to go off
Stick to my pen, never again will I ever dose off
No more bozo rap it hurt me
The new dojo in beast mode, I'm John Cleese, no mercy!
My saliva and spit could fly through a brick
Put your ass by a light and spit gas at the fire flick
Gave up homie huh? I was worse than the racists and rapists
Now I', feeling like Kobe 'fore he scored 81
Really feeling new! missed me with the skinny jeans and uggs
Fuck outta here, I ain't feeling you!
Fucking incredible! I can dig a hole to hell
Just to beat the devil over the head with a fucking shovel!

As long as I'm alive the game gunna be breathing
Even though it's, wheezing hit him like like clear clear
Wake his ass up he was sleeping
I said as long as I'm alive the game gunna be breathing
Even though it's, wheezing hit him like like clear clear
Wake his ass up he was sleepingMan I got dumb hoes, stupid bands
The guts red, but the coupe is tan
If a slut with it, I'mma scoop her damn
And have her "draggin' balls" no Super Saiyan
Make her pussy whistle like a flute was playin
At my "crib tonight" no Superman
Get it kryptonite, Superman
I'm in a new sedan and bumpin Luther Van
I make her grip, break a cheque
Make your bitch break her neck
Handle you niggas and won't even break a sweet
Hit your brakes, slow it down, your shit was fake
Lil nigga, big mistake, I'm the shit what's the big debate?
My niggas in the kitchen got shit to bake
Bitch I'm nuts like Christmas cake
I said cut your single and drop it
Everything bout to slow up
Got Krispy Kreme in my pocket
In other words my dough nuts
She go nuts when I'm in her thang
No luck with you minute man
My city told me go kill you niggas
So I told the coach to put me in the game

I say I ball, I swag, I grind, I floss
I cop these cars, pop tags, I shine, take off
Okay I took a loss, not again
Drop my top to get oxygen
From the bottom got to win
I told em what a happen if they box me in
And then I'm whoopin ass, whoopin ass
Whoopin ass, I'm whoopin ass
Whoopin ass, whoopin ass
Whoopin ass, I'm whoopin ass
I cop the drop, drop the top
Switch the lane, hit the gas
Hit the door, flip the cash
Niggas know I'm whoopin ass

Okay runway fashion Dolce
White girl give me windpipe, bitch might think I'm O.J
Ro-ro-rozay
Call it Rolex, hoes say
Let me see that rock band like I got tickets to Coldplay
Wait, oh God
All my diamonds go off
If I start fist pumpin it look like I'm throwin snowballs
I like short skirts, no panty please
I make the pussy overheat, she need antifreeze
I fan it off then light it up again
And make a pit stop and tighten up her friend
I said I break a bitch back, make her bring the bitch back
When she think of this dick she gon bring up this track
I'm a king in the matt (mattress), do my thing while you slack
On your pimpin you slippin I bring the attack
Woo
Hit your breaks slow down your shit was fake
Lil nigga, big mistake, I'm the shit, what's the big debate?

I say I ball, I swag, I grind, I floss
I cop these cars, pop tags, I shine, take off
Okay I took a loss, not again
Drop my top to get oxygen
From the bottom got to win
I told em what a happen if they box me in
And then I'm whoopin ass, whoopin ass
Whoopin ass, I'm whoopin ass
Whoopin ass, whoopin ass
Whoopin ass, I'm whoopin ass
I cop the drop, drop the top
Switch the lane, hit the gas
Hit the door, flip the cash
Niggas know I'm whoopin assI got my start in writing and research as a surgical trainee, as someone who is a long ways away from becoming any kind of an expert at anything. So, the natural question you ask then, at that point, is "How do you get good at what you're trying to do?" And it became then, "How do we all get good at what we're trying to do?"
It's hard enough to learn to get the skills, try to learn all the material you have to absorb at any task you're taking on; I had to think about how I sew and how I cut and also how I pick the right person to come to an operating room. And in the midst of all this came this new context for thinking about what it meant to be good. In the last few years we've realized we're in the deepest crisis of medicine's existence, due to something you don't normally think about when you're a doctor concerned with how you do good for people, which is the cost of healthcare.
There's not a country in the world that now is not asking whether we can afford what doctors do. The political fight that we've developed has become one around whether it's the government that's the problem or is it insurance companies that are the problem. And the answer is yes and no, it's deeper than all of that. The cause of our troubles is actually the complexity that science has given us.
In order to understand this, I'm going to take you back a couple of generations. I want to take you back to a time when Lewis Thomas was writing in his book, The Youngest Science. Lewis Thomas was a physician writer, one of my favorite writers, and he wrote this book to explain, among other things, what it was like to be a medical intern at the Boston City Hospital in the pre-penicillin year of 1937. It was a time when medicine was cheap and very ineffective.
If you were in a hospital, he said, it was going to do you good only because it offered you some warmth, some food, shelter, and maybe the caring attention of a nurse. Doctors and medicine made no difference at all. That didn't seem to prevent the doctors from being frantically busy in their days, as he explained.
What they were trying to do was figure out whether you might have one of the diagnoses for which they could do something. And there were a few. You might have a low-bar pneumonia for example and they could give you an anti-serum, an injection of rabid antibodies to the Bacterium Streptococcus, if the intern sub-typed it correctly. If you had an acute congestive heart failure, they could bleed a pint of blood from you by opening up an arm vein, giving you a crude leaf preparation of digitalis and then giving you oxygen by tent.
If you had early signs of paralysis and you were really good at asking personal questions, you might figure out that this paralysis someone has is from syphilis, in which case you could give this nice concoction of mercury and arsenic, as long as you didn't overdose them and kill them.
Beyond these sorts of things, a medical doctor didn't have a lot that they could do. This was when the core structure of medicine was created, what it meant to be good at what we did and how we wanted to build medicine to be. It was at a time when what was known you could know, you could hold it all in your head, and you could do it all. If you had a prescription pad, if you had a nurse, if you had a hospital that would give you a place to convalesce, maybe some basic tools, you really could do it all. You set the fracture, you drew the blood, you spun the blood and looked at it under the microscope, you plated the culture, you injected the anti-serum. This was a life as a craftsman.
As a result, we built it around a culture and set of values that said what you were good at was being daring, at being courageous, at being independent and self-sufficient. Autonomy was our highest value.
Go a couple generations forward to where we are, though, and it looks like a completely different world. We have now found treatments for nearly all of the tens of thousands of conditions that human being can have. We can't cure it all, we can't guarantee that everybody will live a long and healthy life, but we can make it possible for most. But what does it take?
Well, we've now discovered 4,000 medical and surgical procedures, we've discovered 6,000 drugs that I am now licensed to prescribe. And we are trying to deploy this capability town by town to every personal life in our own country, let alone around the world. And we've reached the point where we've realized, as doctors, we can't know it all. We can't do it all by ourselves.
There was a study where they looked at how many clinicians it took to take care of you if you came into a hospital, as it changed over time. And in the year 1970, it took just over two full time equivalents of clinicians. That is to say it took basically the nursing time and then just a little bit of time for a doctor who more or less checked in on you once a day. By the end of the 20th century, it had become more than 15 clinicians for the same typical hospital patient. Specialists, physical therapists, the nurses. We're all specialists now, even the primary care physicians. Everyone just has a piece of the care, but holding on to that structure we built around the daring independence, self-sufficiency of each of those people has become a disaster. We have trained; hired; and rewarded people to be cowboys, but it's pit crews that we need, pit crews for patients.
There's evidence all around us. 40% of our coronary artery disease patients in our communities receive incomplete of inappropriate care. 60% of our asthma stroke patients receive incomplete or inappropriate care. 2 million people come into hospitals and pick up an infection they didn't have, because someone failed to follow the basic practices of hygiene. Our experience as people who get sick, need help from other people, is that we have amazing clinicians that we can turn to. Hard-working, incredibly well-trained, very smart, with access to incredible technologies that give us great hope, but little sense that it consistently all comes together for you, from start to finish, in a successful way.
There's another sign that we need pit crews, and that's the unmanageable cost of our care. Now, we in medicine, I think, are baffled by this question of cost. We want to say, this is just the way it is. This is just what medicine requires. When you go from a world where you treated arthritis with aspirin, that mostly didn't do the job, to one where if it gets bad enough we can do a hip replacement, a knee replacement, that gives you years, maybe decades without disability, a dramatic change, well, is it any surprise that that $40,000 hip replacement replacing the ten cent aspirin is more expensive? It's just the way it is. But I think we're ignoring certain facts that tell us something about what we can do.
As we've looked at the data about the results that have come as the complexity has increased, we have found that the most expensive care is not necessarily the best care; and vice versa. The best care often turns out to be the least expensive. It has fewer complications, the people get more efficient at what they do, and what that means is, there is hope.
Because if, to have the best results, you really needed the most expensive care in the country or in the world, well then we really would be talking about rationing. Who were going to cut off from Medicare, that would really be the only choice. But when we look at the positive deviants, the ones who are getting the best results at the lowest costs, we find the ones that look most like systems are the most successful. That is to say, they found ways to get all of the different pieces, all of the different components to come together into a whole. Having great components is not enough, and yet we've been obsessed in medicine with components.
We want the best drugs; the best technologies; the best specialists, but we don't think too much about how it all comes together. It's a terrible design strategy actually. If you, well there's a famous thought experiment that touches exactly on this. It says, what if you built a car from the very best car parts? Well, it would lead you to put in Porsche breaks, a Ferrari engine, a Volvo body, a BMW chassis, and you put it altogether and what do you get? A very expensive pile of junk that does not go anywhere.
And that is what medicine can feel like sometimes. It's not a system. Now a system, however, when things start to come to together, you realize it has certain skills for acting and looking that way. Skill number one is the ability to recognize success and the ability to recognize failure. When you are a specialist, you can't see the end result very well. You have to become really interested in data, unsexy as that sounds. One of my colleagues is a surgeon in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, and he got interested in the question of how many CT scans did they do for their community in Cedar Rapids.
He got interested in this because there had been government reports, newspaper reports, journal articles saying that there had been too many CT scans done, and he didn't see it in his own patients. And so he asked the question: how many did we do, and he wanted to get the data. It took him three months, no one had asked this question in his community before. And what he found was that, for the 300,000 people in their community, in the previous year they had done 52,000 CT scans. They had found a problem.
Which brings us to skill #2 a system has. Skill #1, find where your failures are, skill #2 is, devise solutions. I get interested in this because the World Health Organization came to my team asking if we could help with the project to reduce deaths in surgery. The volume of surgery had spread around the world, but the safety of surgery had not. Now our usual tactics for tackling problems like these are to do more training, give people more specialization, or bring in more technology.
Well in surgery you couldn't have people who are more specialized and you couldn't have people who are better trained and yet we see unconscionable levels of death, disability that could be avoided. And so we looked at what other high-risk industries do; we looked at skyscraper construction, we looked at the aviation world. And we found that they have technology, they have training, and then they have one other thing: they have checklists.
I did not expect to be spending a significant part of my time as a Harvard surgeon worrying about checklists. And yet what we found was that these were tools to help make experts better. We got the lead safety engineer for Boeing to help us. Could we design a checklist for surgery? Not for the lowest people on the totem pole, but for the folks who were all the way around the chain, the entire team, including the surgeons.
And what they taught us was that designing a checklist to help people handle complexity, actually involves more difficulty than I had understood. You have to think about things like pause points, you need to identify the moments in a process when you can actually catch a problem before it's a danger and do something about it. You have to identify that this is a "before takeoff" checklist. And then you need to focus on the killer items, in aviation checklists like this one for a single engine plane. It isn't a recipe for how to fly a plane; it's a reminder of the key things that get forgotten or missed if they're not checked.
So we did this. We created in 19 item, 2 minute checklist for surgical teams. We have pause points immediately before anesthesia was given, immediately before the knife hits the skin, immediately before the patient leaves the room. And we had a mix of dumb stuff on there making sure an antibiotic is given in the right time frame because that cuts the infection rate by half. And then interesting stuff for something as complicated surgery, instead you can make a recipe for how to have a team that's prepared for the unexpected. And we had items like making sure everyone in the room had introduced themselves by name at the start of the day, because you have to dozen people or more who are sometimes coming together as a team for the very first time that day.
We implemented this checklist in eight hospitals around the world, deliberately in places from rural Tanzania to the University of Washington in Seattle.
We found that after they adopted it, the complication rates fell 35%, fell in every hospital it went into. The death rates fell 47%. This was bigger than a drug.
And that brings us to skill #3: the ability to implement this. To get colleagues across the entire chain to actually do these things. And it's been slow to spread; this is not yet our norm in surgery. Let alone making checklists to go on to childbirths and other areas. There's a deep resistance because using these tools forces us to confront that we're not a system, forces us to behave with a different set of values. Just using a checklist requires you to embrace different values from ones we had like humility, discipline, teamwork.
This is the opposite of what we were built on: independence, self-sufficiency, autonomy. I met an actual cowboy, by the way. I asked him what was it like to actually herd a thousand cattle across hundreds of miles. You know, "How did you do that?" And he said, "We have the Cowboys stationed at distinct places all around, they communicate electronically constantly, and they have protocols and checklists for how they handle everything from bad weather to emergencies, to inoculations for the cattle."
Even the cowboys are pit crews now, and it seems like time that we become that way ourselves. Making systems work is the great task of my generation of physicians and scientists. But I would go further and say that making systems work, whether in healthcare; education; climate change; making a pathway out of poverty, is the great task of our generation as a whole.
In every field, knowledge has exploded, but it has brought complexity, it has brought specialization. And we come to place where we have no choice but to recognize as individualistic as we want to be, complexity requires group success. We all need to be pit crews now.
Thank you.I'll be yours one more night
Said there can't be talk through the side
Layin' next to you
Your, your limbs wrapped up with mine
We'll just say that we're frozen in time

I've been holding my breath, strain in my chest
Feeling the oxygen, breathe me in
The tension's too much, and the sun's coming up
Thinkin' it's time that I exhale now

Breathe in, then breathe out
Oh, time that I exhale now
This all's so difficult
Time that I exhale now

I was so sure you're back in place
And I looked in your eyes and my plan changed
The air in your room just won't feel the same
Still I hold my hips when I take

I've been holding my breath, strain in my chest
Feeling the oxygen, breathe me in
The tension's too much, and the sun's coming up
Thinkin' it's time that I exhale now

Breathe in, then breathe out
Oh, time that I exhale now
This all's so difficult
Time that I exhale now

Can I exhale now, now?
Oh, can I exhale now, now?
Oh, can I exhale now, now?
OhDaytrip took it to 10 (Hey)

Оу, вот мы и здесь, пожалуйста, дай мне знать
Оу, пока ты не ушла, не оставляй меня на морозе

Если бы я брал тебя повсюду, тогда ну, ты бы не знала как ходить
Если бы я говорил от твоего имени, тогда ну, ты бы не знала как говорить
Если бы я дал тебе всё и всё - это то, что я купил
Я могу вернуть назад, меня никогда не волновало твоё мнение
Не хотел тебя злить, не люблю, когда ты расстроена
Я позвоню тебе позже, малышка, не забудь
Заберу тебя с этой вечеринки, можем пойти и заняться сексом
Или сделаем это позже, теперь мы зажигаем, как сигареты

Я думал ты останешься со мной
Я твой и ты моя, я завидую
Так что я буду делать?
Не имею ни малейшего понятия и смысла без тебя

Оу, вот мы и здесь, пожалуйста, дай мне знать
Оу, пока ты не ушла, не оставляй меня на морозе

Если бы я брал тебя повсюду, тогда ну, ты бы не знала как ходить
Если бы я говорил от твоего имени, тогда ну, ты бы не знала как говорить
Если бы я дал тебе всё и всё - это то, что я купил
Я могу вернуть назад, меня никогда не волновало твоё мнение (Cardi)

Смотри, выстрел, выстрел
Думала, что слышал обо мне, не должен, не должен
Последний ниггер поступил со мной плохо, плохо
Как ванная при остановке грузовика, остановке грузовика
Теперь сердце, похоже на Brillo, мне тяжело, как броненосцу
Не могу быть бывшей никакого ниггера, я могла быть только его вдовой
Это факт, одета в чёрное, сердце разрывается, трескаются кости
Расслабляюсь, смотрю Oxygen, мою любимое шоу - Snapped
Теперь ты знаешь как я получаю, каждый день, иномарку
Скорее увидимся в катафалке, чем увижу тебя с какой-то сукой
Хах?

Оу, вот мы и здесь, пожалуйста, дай мне знать
Оу, пока ты не ушла, не оставляй меня на морозе

Если бы я брал тебя повсюду, тогда ну, ты бы не знала как ходить
Если бы я говорил от твоего имени, тогда ну, ты бы не знала как говорить
Если бы я дал тебе всё и всё - это то, что я купил
Я могу вернуть назад, меня никогда не волновало твоё мнение

Я думал ты останешься со мной
Я твой и ты моя, я завидую
Так что я буду делать?
Не имею ни малейшего понятия и смысла без тебяOpen eyes, it's crystal clear we lost our shine
You and I, we're going down nowhere to hide
Tell me why? You're trying so hard to save us
We can't survive, you and I

We're a flame, we're a flame
No oxygen to keep us alive
It's a shame, it's a shame
But the truth ain't gonna lie, lie, lie

We're only happy sitting in the silence
We only fuck after we finish fighting
Nothing comes easy
But love shouldn't be so hard, babe
I'm not saying we have to be flawless
But we're so far gone just being honest
Nothing comes easy
But love shouldn't be so hard, babe

Love shouldn't be so hard, babe
Love shouldn't be so hard, babe
Love shouldn't be so hard, babe
Love shouldn't be so hard, babe

Up hill climb, we're losing breath but scared to leave
This behind, I got so used to you next to me
It ain't right, you're trying so hard to save us
We got one life let's not deny that

We're a flame, we're a flame
No oxygen to keep us alive
It's a shame, it's a shame
But the truth ain't gonna lie, lie, lie

We're only happy sitting in the silence
We only fuck after we finish fighting
Nothing comes easy
But love shouldn't be so hard, babe
I'm not saying we have to be flawless
But we're so far gone just being honest
Nothing comes easy
But love shouldn't be so hard, babe

Love shouldn't be so hard, babe
Love shouldn't be so hard, babe
Love shouldn't be so hard, babe
Love shouldn't be so hard, babe

Love shouldn't be so hard, babeWhat a shame we all became such fragile, broken things
A memory remains, just a tiny spark
I give it all my oxygen
So let the flames begin
So let the flames begin
Oh, glory
Oh, glory
This is how we'll dance when
When they try to take us down
Well, this is what will be, oh glory
Somewhere weakness is our strength
And I'll die searching for it
I can't let myself regret, such selfishness
My pain and all the trouble caused
No matter how long
Well, I believe that there's hope
Buried beneath it all and
Hiding beneath it all and
Growing beneath it all and
This is how we'll dance when
When they try to take us down
Well, This is how we'll sing
This is how we'll stand when
When they burn our houses down
This is what will be, oh glory
I'm reaching as I sink down into lights
I'm reaching as I sink down into lights
This is how we'll dance when
When they try to take us down
Well, this is how we'll sing
This is how we'll stand when
When they burn our houses down
Well, this is what will be, oh glory
Oh Father, oh Father, oh Father, my Jesus
Father, well I am ready
Won't you let it begin
Cause I am here now
I want to dance
In the mighty palm of your handOh Penelope
Are you filled with air
Swallowed oxygen
That makes you float up?
Is it Dropsy?
Will your lungs swell?
It's depressing me
To see you struggle
Oh Penelope
Are you filled with air
Swallowed oxygen
That makes you float up?
Is it Dropsy?
Will your lungs swell?
It's depressing me
To see you struggle
I'm treading water with my oars
Glass galleons anchored, ocean floors
I'm diving down with all my gear
In search of treasure, para me corazon
Take you to the forest
Let you feel the raindrops falling down
Seeping through your red scales
Eliminate the faucet
Eliminate the need for water
And replace it with a safe shell
Don't wanna see you floating upside down
On the top of the bowl when I
Come around to visit you
Don't wanna see you floating upside down, no girl
Need you there, need you there, need you there
Ooh, release that air
I'm treading water with my oars
Glass galleons anchored, ocean floors
I'm diving down with all my gear
In search of treasure, para me corazon
Take you to the forest
Let you feel the raindrops falling down
Seeping through your red scales
Eliminate the faucet
Eliminate the need for water
And replace it with a safe shell
If they summon the rains now
Are you gonna rise?
If they summon the rains now
Are you gonna rise?Welcome home
And dive into a world so blind
Your life decided since the day you were born
All along you felt the dark presence
So hard to believe your conscience was torn
And with each passing moment it's becoming even harder to breathe
You remain on the path you have chosen as an oxygen thief
Force it down
Swallow ur pride
Embrace the sadness
Force it down
The architect of your own fucking madness
The world is ash and dust
(Burn, Burn)
We are so Hollow
And when tomorrow comes, our dreams will die with us
(Burn, Burn)
We are so hollow
Hollow
With dead eyes
You lie to friends and to family
You wore the badge of your decline
To blind to see
The way you spread your fucking sickness over everyone you meet
We built foundations on friendship
Now we are nothing but strangers
Your degradation is just sickening to behold
A product of ur failures
The world is ash and dust
(Burn, Burn)
We are so Hollow
And when tomorrow comes, our dreams will die with us
(Burn, Burn)
We are so hollow
Hollow
A shallow life riddled with holes
Whoring yourself as you bare your soul
Head in your hands; questioning
Why why no one cares when you lose control
FUCK
Hollow
You remain on the path you have chosen
As an oxygen thief
Force it down
(Burn, burn)
We are so hollow
(Burn, burn)
HollowYour life
Your life
Your life
In mine

Your thoughts
Your ways
Your mystery
Too deep for words
My spirit burns to worship You

Your life
Your life
Your life
In mine

Your heart
Your plans
Your will for me
There's nothing else my soul desires
Than more of You

Your life
Your life
Your life
In mine
 x2
Take my heart
Take my soul
Take my mind and I will
Give my thoughts
Give my all
Give my life to follow You
Take my hands
Take my breath
Take my dreams and I will
Lift my eyes
Lift my faith
Lift my voice and worship You

My God
My closest friend
I need Your love
More than my lungs
Need oxygen

Take my heart
Take my soul
Take my mind and I will
Give my thoughts
Give my all
Give my life to follow You
Take my hands
Take my breath
Take my dreams and I will
Lift my eyes
Lift my faith
Lift my voice and worship YouOh what do we have here
I am exactly where I said I would be last year
My girl got an ass softer than cashmere
Thought I'd put that out there
Alright I'll stop fucking around

A hundred thousand dollars gets you nowhere nigga
Dreaded niggas used to fill the block where I was from, Mrs. Shell used to tell me never go there nigga
Miami, with the palm trees, breeze, and the girlies keep the genis like they sisters with no tears nigga
Fuck it, I won't even go there with ya
All jokes aside I'll go Colbert witcha
If it wasn't for my sense of understanding and my humble personality, I'd probably get to mobbing on the set
My man caught 20 and a charge, he was riding with a tech, having problems tryna find and give him checks
Mama, like granny, living on it too, be so proud of me for heading to the west
You know we riding to the death
Stress (woah) don't even get me started
I ain't even close to going retarded, still starving
Used to be with some niggas that I thought was for the callin'
Called it "Charlie in the party"
Blindsided could've called it
Funny how these niggas jump ship and swim back, Khary couldn't have said it better I just never would've thought it
Troubles of an artist
Fuck it, crying over spilled milk never put a banquet on the table
Proved that I could do it when they said I wasn't able
Only got me charged up, I ain't even need a cable
Good Lord, don't fuck around and get hurt nigga (don't do it nigga)
KD, Based God, curse niggas
Wise Wise Wise Wise Wise, till I die brody
Just sign on me
Don't lie on me (don't do it)
Sleep is the cousin of - nah homie, then reply homie
That's code and ethics, please respect it
They can't change how the flows perfected
Breath stays the same, still cold and reckless
Niggas with no bread on the road to metrics
Men lie, women lie, numbers lie too
The only lies I've been told blindly
So I'm on my way to truth nigga
You will not find me

When I was young
They told me don't look to the sun
You'll go blind
Or maybe they were scared I'd find
Out I could run
Got oxygen inside my lungs
In a 3-point stance
So when they shoot that fucking gun
You will not find me
(When my album drops)
You will not find me
(When I leave the dock)
You will not find me
(Punching in a clock)
You will not find me
(When the kicking rocks)
You will not find me

In High school
I wouldn't listen to Lil Wayne, cause
Money over bitches just seemed a little profane
Till I realized all the girls that I liked were really bitches, so
Ever since that moment I've been rapping kinda different
Born on the 28th
I'm a Libra play it safe
And kill all the competition
Make sure no one gets to race
Like I said in my other song (boy)
Who the fuck are you?
Don't keep pillows on my bed
So I don't get too comfortable
I don't owe you shit
Ain't believe in me
Everybody wants you when you're gold, we got that C3P
Gotta fight for your right like the Beastie Bs
Angel in the dust like PCP
Tryna sell out in the MSG
Tryna stay away from the MSG
Diabetes in my family
Gotta live to see a Grammy
Tried to shit on me but didn't wash your hands
So I ain't taking shit you hand me
That's my modus operandi
I'm a savage, call me Randy
Fill my cup, call me Stanley
Due to proper planning
(You will not find me)

I mean, I mean I told you you wouldn't find me
I just... I went off the grid
I was just grinding
Yeah

Wasn't looking for the captain back then well you will not find a nigga
X marks the spot yeah I'm grinding nigga
I ain't met Diddy yet, I am not no bad boy, never been locked up but I'm still shining nigga
Me and Lege Kale like megazords, combining niggas
This is not a scam or credit card declining niggas
Whiskey on the rocks, so you gonna have to lime a nigga
I don't really fuck around with Amy ass whiny niggas
I'm gonna make it, I'm gonna make it
Used to rap on that computer mic in that basement, back in the basement
Swear you knew me from before but I cannot place it, I cannot place it
Wait, wait that was you hating
How you still hating?
Bruh I am amazing
They moving so fast I got nausea
I mean a nigga just got back from Austria
On my own, did a show front of thousands, crazy
Dropped out of college in Boston
Bruh, you ego tripping but you call it bossin' up
Would be famous but I do not floss enough
What is that cost-ria
I ain't get cuffed for the winter
Made a mixtape for the summer let it simmer (ah)

You will not find me
You will not find me
You will not find me, yeahYou got the vocab
I got the vocab
You got the vocab
You know I got the vocab
You got the vocab
I got the vocab
Hey, yo pass the mic so I can tell 'em I got the gift o' gab

Monkey see, monkey what? Monkey, monkey be yourself
Monkey see, monkey what? Monkey, monkey be yourself
Monkey see, monkey what? Monkey, monkey be yourself
Hey yo catch me when I'm sober, but now I drink for the belt
So pass the root straight to the right hand side
Make no mistake that the buzz is a natural high
I said it's big emergency mind your busy body
He hit me. I broke his nose. The referee's Mr Fuji
So hey to the blue jay, mocking bird don't mock
The last bird who mocked he got caught in my roughneck chicken pot
So Mr Rooster give me a crookedy croo at 6am
He looked at me a laughin' said my music would make F.M
Station. You're Haitian. You'll never get nowhere
But I sweared on my grandmother grave we'd be here
So now when I back track
I back track far enough to make a nigga run and leave his tongue back
You think I'm cool I think you're cruel so here's a shell cap
On your gluteus maximus and leave ya handicapped
Ratatatat

You got the vocab
I got the vocab
You got the vocab
You know I got the vocab
You got the vocab
I got the vocab
Hey, yo pass the mic so I can tell 'em I got the gift o' gab

Hoboes above leave the boat for the Pope (?)
Hoboes above leave the boat for the Pope (?)
Hoboes above leave the boat for the Pope (?)
Boat people here we go Hi De Hi De Hi De Ho Yeah
Some quest for the truth, some bust a loop
And search for some knowledge that come runnin' in the woods
And if I should to choose to be one
Then I will be a thinkin' hoodlum with books and look to kill
My proof is in my puddin'
If I kill in the hood would you be say that I'm hoodin'?
Now. Let me exercise a new style that will brutalise
MCs into a warpath genocide
Nobody move, nobody get hurt. It's a homocide
So jump jump punks ready to get stuck
Evil Kenevil was my man, someone for the stunts
I'm mostly fillies, I'm just straight up front, ha
Meat ya tryin' to light up you get blast like nitrogen
Runnin' for mercy, runnin' for oxygen
Bad L.A. meat you're better off comittin' suicide
I shoot the lip so high I strip you of your carbon dioxide
Rock-a-bye the lullaby he be singin' 'Oh my'
Boof Baff another son a go die

What's the matter with the black man? (Black man)
What's the matter with the black man? (Black man)
Now a statistic. So dreams of her become realistic
Poor bastard gets mystic I don't believe you checked the psychic
Emancipate your mind. Don't set the limit. Reach the summit
Free your spirit cause your blunted
From the lyrics I just stuttered
'Live off the streets' says the brother with the machete
'Live off the lady' says the brother with the Glock in patrol
I live logically, no weak slave to poverty
You see it's very easy to slip between the asphalt sheet
Brothers from my way they used to get mad plays
Till they caught us bustin' doughnuts 'til the break of day
Brother, my brother, you played me undercover
She wouldn't be your lover so now you tried to dis her
For sister. You missed her but ask yourself a question
Can I make a suggestion? I need a true confession
Is she skivs cause the skin that she's in makes you sin?
Does you hit her just to get her integrate another sister?
Mister. I asked him for a hanky. He asked if he could spank me
So why'd you disrespect me, sir?
Were you thinking I'm misguided or were you tryin to hide it
That you had no father figure
Which? Check out your wackness. It won't distrust my blackness
I would offer a smack, but don't think that it would help this

What's the matter with the black man (Black man)
All original gunman dem original good (Bahahahahahahaha)
All original gunman dem original good (Bahahahahahahaha)

Come jackin' it up an' I bad an' me fell in ma booby trap
With a rappin' up for the eight track play back laid back sit back
An I'll  an me runnin'  as a matter a fact
Cause I trappin' a back like a cool six pack now bring it back. Woah!
United we stand, divided we crumble
What's the flavour? More Babylon, more Babylon, more Babylon fall
What's the flavour? More Babylon, more Babylon, more Babylon fall
These days every man want to be a god
Lay down the gun every man on the floor
But the real gunman him not play Hollywood role
Because he pull out his gun and send another boy down
Watch us bleed. Another gunman go bleed
Watch us bleed. If I used up all my dust I got 
Watch us bleed. Me up an' comin' ready
Watch us bleed. Watch us for original Tranzlator Crew
Oh, er, every time we come, we come correct, see
We outNow they're talking about what's marketable
How in order to sharpen your note, you gotta squander both your heart and your soul
I'm awfully indignant, trying to live blissfull and ignorant
It'll slip through my fingers if opportunity knocks
Drop all them fraudulent gimmicks
Hedging the bets, they try to soften your image
Steps to success that'll cost the percentage
Left in debt from investments and wrongful intentions
Direct from the source, it's a corporate message
In the form of a special endorsement, bless the lord
I hack and choke my way through pulmonary circulation
Rappers are broke because they only pay impersonators
Bottom line the movement is over, lobotomized
All you occupy is a consumerist culture
Now, some do it to eat, some do it for closure
Some lose their esteem, some lose their composure
Some choose to believe they're a troop or a soldier
But they’re pawns on the front line at dawn when the sun rise
Lost but it don't mind, financially desperate
In the presence of management they stand at attention
Pockets low on cash putting knowledge over swag
Talking loads of trash if it's not some balderdash
The second that you sign a check you step inside the lion's den
Don't ever let the seventh sign jeopardize your righteousness

Come along
Come with me and I'mma make you a star
Straight to the top, play ball and you'll be famous tomorrow
Sliding deeper into it
Got your digits now wait for the call
Clock ticking and you gave it your all
The plot thickens

I wanna turn my life over to God
But I gotta get this money first
The piggy bank is hollow and my tummy hurts
Discover me cause being honest there ain't nothing worse
Than hitting bottom looking for a dollar in your mother's purse
A college grad with a hundred grand debt fees
Piling up fast someone cut a damn check please
Cause I want Hummers and jetskis
Upper class bedsheets
Can't say that none of that tempts me
But make an offer, I respectfully decline
On second thought how 'bout you tell me where to sign?
I got bills to pay
Everlasting disarray
My willingness to give a shit is drifting and my dignity has slipped away
Ever since my resoluteness packed up and left
The voice of reason just ran out of breath
I need some oxygen
Accomplishing a lot but still ain't seen a profit yet
So feeling prosperous just ain't an option but I'm confident
We drop another banger and it's over yo
Behave and do your homework you should know it ain't the game it's the controller
So you can't be waiting for a label to approach ya
When the weight is on your shoulders
Gotta make it on your own cause
Would you rather be living in darkness, or dying in the light?
Overexposed, tryna win the fight
Now I tie my shit up tight and hop back into the shade
Where you can rest assured another track is getting made
 (x3)
Come along
Come with me and I'mma make you a star
Straight to the top, play ball and you'll be famous tomorrow
Sliding deeper into it
Got your digits now wait for the call
Clock ticking and you gave it your all
The plot thickensWhen was the last time you looked at me with adoration?
I’ve only existed by the blessing of your apparition
I am drowning, falling from the surface
To lose what is closest to me is the end of my beginning
Adapting forms consume the thought of this love ending
I am drowning, falling further from the surface
You were the constant truth that gave my life purpose
Conflict resides inside my desperate lungs
Maintain the oxygen or just fill up
I feel so close to you again
Let a scream out and the water in
This was meant for us to share, an elegy sung for you to hear
Unending love from a heart that’s been sinking since you left
I am the son remembering his father’s death
To lose what is closest to me is the end of my beginning
Adapting forms consume the thought of this love ending
Unending loveUnlike you, I'm only seeing the positives
Hitting the spot again, bring my whole posse in, feet up on ottomans
Sayin I changed like he just went pop and shit
I ain't bout poppin shit, I'm tryna get pops a crib, that's what I gotta get
Change the game my prerogative, they ain't use to a flow this provocative, but shit that's no accomplishment
They used to incompetent, politician rappers all lobbyist
Say I'm cocky, they completely miss the concept of confidence
I done learned a lot from you haters
Yall eat too much McDonald's, don't get lost in the flavor
Spewing venom, here's a shot of antioxidant
I'm too busy depositing paper, til the profits in my pockets is major
Allergic to gossip, my new girl is proper, no make up
Double taking, see you thirstin for oxygen, haters
They serving me bottles, I'm on the verge of surfing, mahalo
You getting curved while I'm flirting with goddesses baby

Hypnotic
The way she move her body
Girl, you so erotic
Won't you come and ride it?
Won't you come and ride it?
Won't you come and ride it?
Won't you come and ride it?

She moved from Atlanta, pursuing all the shoots and the cameras
She thinking she the truth... ay, hold up
Getting loose, sippin goose in cabanas
And these fuck boys scoop her in phantoms
She really got the juice
She out your world like Jupiter, Saturn
Draped in the smoothest of Satin, the way she moves she got that Lucifer magic
Perfect balance 'tween beauty and banter
The sickest mind games that you could imagine, she make it happen, hold up
In the club with the ballers she get it cracking though
If you ain't packing you better just get to packing yo'
Ain't fucking with you less you stacking
Cause she got expensive habits
And she always get exactly what she asking for

Hypnotic
The way she move her body
Girl, you so erotic
Won't you come and ride it?
Won't you come and ride it?
Won't you come and ride it?
Won't you come and ride it?

Girl tell me what you waiting for
I ain't really tryna wait no more
You know I'm gonna get it
Might as well give it
You should come and take what's yours
Girl tell me what you waiting for
I ain't really tryna wait no more
You know I'm gonna get it
Might as well give it
Might as well give it

Hypnotic
The way she move her body
Girl, you so erotic
Won't you come and ride it?
Won't you come and ride it?
Won't you come and ride it?
Won't you come and ride it?(Dripnotized)
(STG on the way)

I really can't give you apologies
(KillaOnDaBeat)
All I can give you is honesty
I love my plug, he be droppin' it
Lil' mama twerk and she droppin it'
UPS loud, I be boxin' it
Exotic be all in my oxygen
House full of plants and I'm croppin' em
Nigga try robbin', I'm droppin' him
When I left her I know she was sobbin'
'Cause I only hit once and I'm sorry
Gotta make me a cap, I'ma charge 'em
I be plantin' them seeds I be farmin'
I'ma trap in a sweatsuit from Target
Nigga pass and they jet like some vermin
Yeah, she pretty, her body is scorchin'
I work in a UPS sortin'
Had to quit and go buy me some reefer
She want me to go deeper and deeper
I need 10k to do your lil' feature
Introvert, I ain't talkin' to people
Brought them guns to the show right here, copy
And she bad and her body be godly
I can trap so I'm good on the robbin'
Got a gang with me and we be mobbin'
On her knees and you know she be slobbin'
She gon' twerk and just know she gon' drop it
If you broke then you niggas ain't poppin'
Got a .45 to settle my problems

Got a bitch in the crib and she bad as she wanna be
These niggas frontin' these niggas just wannabe
My trap be jumpin' and jet like a wallaby
These niggas' bitin', these niggas be mockin' me
Baby girl come and just sit down and talk to me
Hurt you, but I'll say you better come shop with me
Feelin' invincible, ain't no one stoppin' me
Got to her bed like fulfillin' a prophecy
Kept that shit solid, so why they be knockin' me?
Fresh as a bitch these bitches be jockin' me
Take me a trip and go switch my geography
Flats on the ground, want a pic like photography
I know some niggas who didn't believe in me
Deep inside I know these niggas ain't seein' me
Whippin' the Ghost and this shit is a deity
Finna take over, these rappers be fearin' it
They bop their head to my shit when they be hearin' it
You hear the pacifist all in my lyrics
You feel authentic, it's all my spirit, yeah

I really can't give you apologies
All I can give you is honesty
I love my plug, he be droppin' it
Lil' mama twerk and she droppin it'
UPS loud, I be boxin' it
Exotic be all in my oxygen
House full of plants and I'm croppin' em
Nigga try robbin', I'm droppin' him
When I left her I know she was sobbin'
'Cause I only hit once and I'm sorry
Gotta make me a cap, I'ma charge 'em
I be plantin' them seeds I be farmin'
I'ma trap in a sweatsuit from Target
Nigga pass and they jet like some vermin
Yeah, she pretty, her body is scorchin'
I work in a UPS sortin'
Had to quit and go buy me some reefer
She want me to go deeper and deeper
I need 10k to do your lil' feature
Introvert, I ain't talkin' to people
Brought them guns to the show right here, copy
And she bad and her body be godly
I can trap so I'm good on the robbin'
Got a gang with me and we be mobbin'
On her knees and you know she be slobbin'
She gon' twerk and just know she gon' drop it
If you broke then you niggas ain't poppin'Conversation with chords, talk to me through keys
I've told you baby, I do, this love is exactly what I need
They say practice makes perfect, well, I can see you been practicing
I know our love is a piano, that Alto-Soprano, let's tell all our secrets
In a second we having some conversations
Play my station, use this music as a different language
Have some conversations, play my station
Use this music as a different language

We don't go the same fashion, all our interests are different
We from two separate dimensions, and yes it is weird because I like you a lot
I used to see you in the hallway and not say "What's up?"
What could this mean? I'm not completely sure
One day I walked behind you when your iPhone just hit the floor
I picked it up for you, even noticed that the back was cracking
Just in that moment I saw that you was bumping Acid Rap, and after that
I knew you was the one for me, excited for Oxymoron in 2014
She still bumping Channel Orange, every chorus we'd sing
Got me feeling like a lovebird with two new wings
She thought Yeezus was trash, but we debated that
We spent our nights together, always playing tracks
You heard I was a rapper, you were okay with that
You would tell me I'm talented, when I was feeling bad
How real is that?

Conversation with chords, talk to me through keys
I've told you baby, I do, this love is exactly what I need
They say practice makes perfect, well, I can see you been practicing
I know our love is a piano, that Alto-Soprano, let's tell all our secrets
In a second we having some conversations
Play my station, use this music as a different language
Have some conversations, play my station
Use this music as a different language

You only bump the old Slim Shady, when his voice stay nasally
Like Renegade with Jay-Z, babe, I like how you think
You ain't a hater though, you respect every artist, that's important
From Biggie and Pac all the way to Chief Keef
You bump Born Sinner, cause it's a Cole World
Usually I can't relay this music by chicks, they just don't know well
But you the exception, you just so musically sexy
I wanna show you my heart, with exactly every melody
You thought Kendrick deserved a Grammy
You liked The Heist but when he lost, shit, that made you angry
You're picture perfect in every way, you don't understand me
Call this a love song, but truly, this is just uncanny
Yeah, I was in your room the other day, time floats past
At that moment I noticed a little notepad
I opened to the first page, my jaw dropped like bombs do
It's full of lyrics, and girl, you write songs too
Let's have

Conversation with chords, talk to me through keys
I've told you baby, I do, this love is exactly what I need
They say practice makes perfect, well, I can see you been practicing
I know our love is a piano, that Alto-Soprano, let's tell all our secrets
In a second we having some conversations
Play my station, use this music as a different language
Have some conversations, play my station
Use this music as a different languageShe like yoga, Oxygen, Scandal, a bunch of other shit
Not necessarily my cup of shit
Way different than them other dudes she fuckin' with
Won't front, she kinda different than them other chicks
"Red Dresses" her favorite verse
Freak but she stay in church
Morning text, later day text about her day at work
Other night we did the couch dirty
Woman Crush Wednesday shout-out worthy
Julius Randle: mixed the yellow with the purple
We went out early
Don't do drugs, she just sit with me
Random news, heart-eye emoji and a kiss hit me
Wonder how that text with her bitch go
Told her about the time we spent, not much about the dick though
Felt her from the get
Ain't thirsty for attention, ain't on every nigga dick
Never hangin' with the bros and she keep a small clique
Don't need Henny every night, sometime a Moscato do the trick
Kiss her neck, she say "stop it"
Don't trip when I'm out as long as out equal profit
Never ask for much but when she need it I got it
Bartend sometimes, couple classes at the college
Hate the word "bitch" but never trip when I say "my bitch"
Don't care about Instagram, ain't beefin' on Twitter
Tweetin' like I'm alone but I'm Tweetin' when I'm with her
She just laugh
If them bitches knew her name they'd be mad

They say that diamonds are forever
So even in the rough we shine together
Girl, all they know is just me and you
Lost in this crazy world, a table for two
No matter how far this road takes me
It brings me to you, it brings me to you

She hate… well, she hate a lotta shit
Pedicures, manicures, girly girl – that kinda chick
Think that it run in her family, that mean that her mama thick
Hella time for her and I don't really got time for shit
Random nude, selfie, hard nipples, and side boobs
Plus she into role play, fuck me like her side dude
Just do what you have to do
Told me to come, I said "after you"
We started to fight, the pussy better with an attitude
Won't be mad for long, not at all
Told me everything she wanted – got it all
Shirt kinda big, them panties kinda small
Cute face but aggressive, she could pop it off
Beyoncé how she cater
Old Kobe how I ate her
Exotic her own flavor, exotic her own flavor

They say that diamonds are forever
So even in the rough we shine together
Girl, all they know is just me and you
Lost in this crazy world, a table for two
No matter how far this road takes me
It brings me to you, it brings me to youYeah

We're stuck in the same old standstill again
Sick of waiting for you to feel it
Always waiting for the next breakdown to begin
Scared of getting too complicated

What a shame (What a shame)
Hiding in your shell again
Bitter, fucked out of better days and missed opportunities
I don't wanna hear that the times are changing
I'm the same as I've always been
Why can't you see? Are you even listening to me?

I am not the one to blame for the monsters we've become
Get in or get out, I don't care, but don't waste my time
Stand by my side or you can move on with your life

Burnt out, enslaved, I'm left carry a weight that has me
Worn down, in doubt, I'm left to drown with no oxygen
Burnt out, drain me until there's nothing left to bleed
Burdened by the chains and too exhausted to run away

I gave you everything
You spit it back in my face
It never meant anything
Left me to swallow the pain
So much for the dream

What a shame (What a shame)
Hiding in your shell again
Bitter, fucked out of better days and missed opportunities
I don't wanna hear that the times are changing
I'm the same as I've always been
Why can't you see? Are you even listening to me?

I am not the one to blame for the monsters we've become
Get in or get out, I don't care, but don't waste my time
Stand by my side or you can move on with your life

You took what you could just to throw me away

I gave you everything
So much for the dream
I gave you everythingNever will I be the same
Since the money and cars came with the fame
We just party throwing parties cause I got a name
For them life is the same
But me, I will never be the same

As I hail Mary prayer, my way to the stage
Grab a hydro-oxygen, throw a little cool to face
Never afraid, lyrical grade A, MJ's win the game
Feeling like a mob wishing things now was like back in the day
Got a big break, seen a little cake
Now everybody and they momma wanna hate
Everybody and they momma wanna hate
But won't you wait
Sleeping on me, you won't wake
There's a killer looking in my eyes you will see thriller nigga


Rolling down the window, on a new Benzo
Hollerin' at these bimbos, if my girl find out
No more bring your car out, for me
Shit I was only nineteen
Fuck that by the raise, spend this change on chains (for Last Kings)
More money, more money
Young money, your money
Others tell 'em fuck off
These new niggas all pause
What's a dog with a bark, to a tiger and a shark
And you wonder why I'm off the wall
Bitch, cause I'm bad, bad to the bone

You motherfuckers think you know me
You don't know shit, about me
See, cause I don't even know about me

High-rise standing on your suit and over-look Wiltshire
We don't gotta go into if what shit you ain't into, nigga
I be counting hunnids 'til I'm numb
Go to the bank cause it's fun
What you think cause I'm young saying coconut's to a drum that I'm dumb?
Tell that girl come get some
Two balls for the price of one
You can be my little soccer mom
When I'm done, take my kids, haha
Yeah you like that, yo keys in your lap
Don't get attached, close to the king
Had to get it tatted on my back

I will never be the same!Restart your heart
Fill your lungs with this oxygen
Restart your heart
So you are filled with life again
If we could turn back time
Stop your decline
Piece you back together
Until you've been revived
We have one more minute to hear your thoughts (To hear your thoughts)
How did you remain so strong?
So many questions left unanswered
So many mysteries we'll never know
Why do the graceful fall the hardest?
Why do they leave the biggest impact?
So many legends with no endings
We'll never know
What's it like to be the breeze?
To be one with the air we all breathe?
The chill that runs up our spines, across our necks
And into the back of our minds?
Gently passing through the room
And haunting everyone who's ever known you (And what you've been through)
They still feel the warmth of your embrace
You may feel present, but you're not of this place
You are the revenant
Watching your own wake
When your days are at an end
You'll never understand
Or fully comprehend
Until it’s too late
What's eternity like when you're the first to arrive?
Take a look around
There's no one by your side
Will you seek solace in all that you know?
Or will you wish that your blood still flowed?
Restart your heart
Fill your lungs with this oxygen
Restart your heart
So you are filled with life again
If we could turn back time (Turn back time)
Stop your decline
Piece you back together
Until you've been revivedTrolling on the DM
You don't know me though
Had you on my lips again
You don't know me though
I don't need a girlfriend
You don't know me though
Wrecked another weekend
You don't know me though
Soft music drains the oxygen from
Besieged Bushwick streets
Reflexively retching Anglo influx though there will be
No gentrificating of
Graffitied worship of summer love
It's hard to stop the triggering of one's self-destructive urges
I liberated you twice
You don't know me though
You've become my only vice
You don't know me though
I know how to be nice
You don't know me though
I'm a, I'm a sacrifice
You don't know me though
I'd been abandoned when you nursed me on my swerve
I made my antidrug being your loyal perv
I became a holiday I need you to observe
I gave you devotion that I'm hoping you deserve
I guess redemption is my ultimate turn-on
This reclamation has got me trying to prove
The needle never slides off of the groove
Got to win
Soft music drains the oxygen from
Besieged Bushwick streets
Of white flight in reverse on the crest of their vaporwave
On intersectional highs
And usurpation lows
It's hard to stop the impact of one's offensive ways
Soft music drains the oxygen from
Besieged Bushwick streets
Reflexively retching Anglo influx though there will be
No gentrificating of
Graffitied warship of summer love
It's hard to stop the triggering of one's self-destructive urges
Purgatory at Hartsfield awed by
Juno's portraits of the Jovian sky
Purgatory at Hartsfield awed by
Juno's photos of the Jovian skyHello sir, you left your door unlocked
Is it satirical that I felt so welcomed?
I'm in a bad shape, feeling like square one
Would you clean me up? Would you clean me up?
You really got guts, but I've got way more guns
You're lucky I'm bored and my wife was a whore
See, I've got great rooms, and they're looking for you
But if the cops find out, I'm not risking my house

Well, I'm not risking my house
Yeah, and I'm not risking my—

Funeral, sleeping well, peace is impossible
Every dream, I am searching for you
Funeral, sleeping well, peace is impossible
Every dream, I am searching for you

Where's the blood from? And please tell the truth
Kinda remind me of myself when I went to school
Now I'm a no one, but they all used to call me cool
Do you think that it's true? Do you think I'm a fool? (Now)
It's hard to recall, I was running so fast
You just focused only on their laughter or not busting my ass
And now you're far from a fool, and thanks for lettin' me in
Wait, do you see those red lights? Thank you, have a good night

Well, I'm not risking my house
Yeah, and I'm not risking my house

All I really cared about was oxygen and making friends
All I really cared about was oxygen and making friends
All I really ever wanted was for you to let me in
Thank you for letting me in
(Ooh-woo-ooh)
(Ooh-woo-ooh)

Funeral, sleeping well, peace is impossible
Every dream, I am searching for you
Funeral, sleeping well, peace is impossible
Every dream, I am searching for you

(Searching for you)
(Searching for you)
(Searching for you)
(Yeah)De trodde jag fick hybris
Baby, jag kallar det lycklig
Jag gjorde det för orten, checka dig själv - nyttigt
Jag är inte lack, är bara trött - fatigué
Abi vet, det är för orten, Abi hänger med

Simon säger, Simon gör
Men ingen fuckar med mig, fuck det durr
Hördu fuck det durr, snackar hur jag vill andra 
För när jag snackar hur jag vill, ni vet hur det ligger till
Fuck eran grammatik, fuck eran grammatik
Grammatryck
Lyssna, ge mig vilket beat du vill (Jag kommer mörda det)
Fortfarande ödmjuk, vännen (Men jag mördar det)
Men det är för sent för dig, kan inte springa iväg
För din själ har redan taggat, bitch

De sa att Jesus var vit
Jag trodde Jesus var svart
Han kanske vill mig nåt dumt
Dom informerar mig falskt
Jag föddes nästan som blind
Men ser igenom typ allt
Om du ser djävulen, spring?
Du skulle sett hur jag sprang
Jag är så in this bitch
Så fuck, jag tänker bli årets artist
Jag tror jag tar en  till
Jag kommer nog få som jag vill
Nigga nigga har flow, text och beats
Dem andra verkar sälja sig lätt men vad är hoes mot en pimp
Oh my god, långdistans
Som vi sprang, som vi sprang
Vi såg vår chans
Vi hoppa' stängslet och försvann
De vill hålla oss i boxen, känns som boxen är för platt
Får inte plats, det är för litet
Alltihop är så bekant - spring


Min tolerans är noll, min bägare den rinner över
Fienden kan springa som att det brinner i röven
Detta här är glöden, vänsterkrok på döden
Verkligheten är som konsten bara lite grövre
Yeah! Trodde aldrig det skulle va' enkelt
Jag är byggd för bättre än avbytarbänken
Byggd för att bestiga berg
Vänder mig om och flyttar en värld
Min idé, den är odödlig
Du kan inte ta nåt från mig
Denna vägen är omöjlig
Ni kan inte ta nåt, kompis
Reinfeldt är tyst
Och nu när  ska in
Av alla solbrända skinn
Vi får ett ord, det är "spring"
För nazisterna har kniv
Och alliansen är bredvid
Jag ska - spring!
Jag ska - spring!
Så länge jag har mitt liv

De säger speak of the devil, and he shall appear
Ey mamma, vänta nu här, vad fan är det ni säger
Hon svarar - jag är din demon, men för dig jag ber
Så jag sprang så snabbt, så långt
Att henne jag inte ser mer
Men Joy, varför är du alltid på språng?
De är ute efter mig de har planer på gång
Springer förbi dem, hjärtat fortsätter; Celine Dion
Vad vet ni om hur det är
Att springa mot mål när man lever i misär
Jag har varit där, tappa' glasskon
Askungensagan, mitt livs bok
Tro mig, har vadat i skiten
Har tagit mig hit av min 
Fann mig, jag vet vem jag är och jag vet vad jag vill
Tänker aldrig stå still, ska ta chanser
Att se vad jag vill och att upptäcka nytt, samla på mig intryck
För jag lever för stunden
Tänker aldrig bli fastbunden
Blivit bruten, blivit hustlad
Tänker aldrig mer förkastas
För ibland har jag förvandlats till ett djur som bör bestraffas
Så spring för fan om du vill och kan
Spring som en kvinna mot ett reaband
Spring som en flicka från en otäck man
Tryck gasen i botten när du kommer fram

Dom bruka smälla mig i centrum, sa jag tackar honom sen
Jag sa, vänta här i centa tills min pappa kommit hem
Jag är 25 nu, kan ta en smäll nu men ingen pappa har kommit än
Så jag tackar Ali, John, Farrokmanesh, Mwuana, Yannick för den
Min bror har abiat
Den är vit som krossat ben
Kommer få dig att löpa runt stan'
Utan nån oxygen
De kallar oss problem
De målar hakkors på moskén
Jag skiter i vad ni tycker om mig
Vad fan ni än tror, ni kommer få se
Gör vind i seglet av mittenfinger
Klippta vingar gav spring i benen
Finns inte en chans att ni hinner med det
Sticker in och tar Guinness med det
Sticker in och det är finished med dig
Står kvar bara blodiga kängor
Amatörer, jag löper förbi
Det blir svart som att stirra på solen för länge
Eller boxas med kängurus
Som en voodooförbannelse bor i min kropp
Eller gror i det blod jag har fått
Tror jag vore förlorad
Om mor inte tog mig till gott
Jag förstod inte nåt som jag borde
Förlåt för de orden jag valde
Jag borde förklarat men stod bara kvar i en tomhet av tobak och vaket i samma lokaler där skolorna stängde
Talade ut när ni andra var tysta
De behandla' mig annat än schyst
Jag vart' sårad men har aldrig använt en krycka
Från dagen jag tog mig ur vaggan till kistan
Till alla hatare, pass på dem
Bara en andraplats som kan passa dem
Men jag tacka' dem, jag sa tack till dem
Jag sprang runt och duktigt nu bakk vi dem - ey!

Helt plötsligt, dyker upp från nånstans
Bygger upp det långsamt
Negativa splittar som gör fartökningen konstant
Du kanske ligger före nu, men vi går om strax
Framtiden kommer, ger oss rätt
Och vi når toppen av vår form snart
Organiserar oss i klungan, sen är det bara en formsak
Springer axel mot axel, accelererar mot maratonfart
Kallar på folket som står längs sidorna, come on
Låt oss explodera som på Boston Marathon
För du vet mitt hjärta är en bomb, mitt hjärta slår som en metronom
Känner ingen smärta när det slår, vi går mot bättre mål
Springer, faller, tar oss upp
Intervaller, drar in luft
Ingen chans att vi ger upp
Född att springa, född att vinna
Född till krigare
Född att sjunga så vårt arv för det vidare
Född att springa, född att vinna
Född till krigare
Född till världen genom kärlek, låt oss fira detBreathe out, breathe in
American oxygen, whoa
Every breath I breathe
Chasin' this American Dream
We sweat for a nickel and a dime
Turn it into an empire, whoa
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen

American oxygen
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen
American oxygen
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen

Outside looking in
Starin' at the great wide open
Young girl, hustlin' on the other side of the ocean
She can be anything at all in America, America
(America, America)
I say, can't see
Just close your eyes and breathe, breathe, breathe

Breathe out, breathe in
American oxygen, whoa
Every breath I breathe
Chasin' this American Dream
We sweat for a nickel and a dime
Turn it into an empire, whoa
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen

American oxygen
Breathe in, this feeling
American, American oxygen
American oxygen
Breathe in, this feeling
American, American oxygen

Bright lights glistenin'
Looking at the world from a distance
A young boy grindin', tryna get the wheels in motion
But he can be anything at all, America, America
(America, America)
I say, can't see
Just close your eyes and breathe, breathe, breathe

Breathe out, breathe in
American oxygen, whoa
Every breath I breathe
Chasin' this American Dream
We sweat for a nickel and a dime
Turn it into an empire, whoa
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen

This is the new America
We are the new America
This is the new America
We are the new America
This is the new America
We are the new America
This is the new America
We are the new America

Breathe out, breathe in
American oxygen, whoa
Every breath I breathe
Chasin' this American Dream
We sweat for a nickel and a dime
Turn it into an empire, whoa
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen

American oxygen, whoa
Breathe in, this feeling
American, American oxygen
American oxygen, whoa
Breathe in, this feeling
American, American oxygen

This is the new America
We are the new America
This is the new America
We are the new America
This is the new America
We are the new America..Does the word "thug" bother you?

The only reason it bothers me is because it seems like it's the accepted way of calling somebody the N-word nowadays. You know, because like everyone else says the N-word, and then they say thug, and they're like, 'Oh, that's fine.' And that's where it kind of takes me aback, and it's kind of disappointing because they know.
What's the definition of a thug really? Can a guy on a football field just talking to people? Maybe I'm talking loudly and doing something I'm not supposed to.
There was a hockey game where they didn't even play hockey, they just threw the puck aside and started fighting. I saw that, and said, 'Oh man, I'm the thug? What's going on here? Geeeez' So I'm really disappointed in being called a thug.

How did your humble beginnings that you started from shape the way that you play?

Well it really gave me a great base to understand that when you're doing something, when you're going out there and playing a game and doing that, that you didn't come from anything. You know, where you came from, not a lot of people eat every night. People don't eat every night, there's crime out there, kids who are born into impoverished situations didn't choose those lives. They didn't choose that. So you really take every moment and every play and you understand that it has great magnitude and it means a lot and you really take nothing for granted. You take no play, no blade of grass, no nothing for granted and you go out there and you play with all your heart.

Richard tell me from where you come from, when people say the word thug, does that sort of hit the button for you?

It does sometimes because I know some 'thugs,' and they know I'm the furthest thing from a thug. Coming from I've fought that my whole life, just coming from where I'm coming from. Just because you hear Compton, you hear Watts, you hear cities like that, you just think 'thug, he's a gangster, he's this, that, and the other,' and then you hear Stanford, and they're like, 'oh man, that doesn't even make sense, that's an oxymoron.'
You fight it for so long, and to have it come back up and people start to use it again, it's frustrating.Drinking it in
While I'm drifting away
Breathing you out
Of my lungs

Up through the cosmos
And out into space
You were my oxygen
But you're gone, gone, gone

Anywhere I go I swear I can feel ya
Maybe there is nothing I can do

I've been talking to your ghost, oh
You're the only one who knows, oh
We were so close
Almost
Almost
Almost

Almost
Almost
AlmostI been thinking centuries
In 200 years will these niggas mention me?
I'm oddly at odds
Don't know many times I've played these cards
Just keep your guard and disregard facades
Tunnel vision has brought me this far
Hennessy guzzling, lies I've been muzzling
Fuck was I on?
Holding grudges, I should let these bygones be bygones
If I'm on then I'm gone, and my dons can flourish in peace
You snakes will never be stand up
I had to switch up my stanzas, was money motivated
Ironically, no apologies
I thought it would be wiser to speak the truth
I'm tired of struggling, I'm tired of making excuses
If you want change then make a change, don't get lost & reclusive
That shit ain't conducive of forward thinking
Too many blacks is dying
Too many cops acquitted
My skin is a splitting image of fear and misunderstanding
I feel like my mistakes done cost some chances
But fuck that shit, at least I caught some glances
I can smell it, stronger than fakeness around the corner
Gotta be bigger than self to last beyond if you want ta
Don't say I never warned ya
Music was all I had, I turned away the world to find myself
You know I hate to brag, but fuck your legacy
I followed no recipe, this is my shit
Rather build from the bottom then stand behind of your cockpit
Use my talents to better humanity
How long will I be a slave to desires and vanity?
I search for the man in me
Responsibility for my passion
I pray that my talents be used by the Lord for more action
Can't leave this world with nothing but judgment of acts reenacted in forward motion
What have you done to make my land a better place though?
Nigga case closed, sins of my father don't carry onward
Refusing offers from Santans sponsors
You so accomplished, you so above
All this nonsense, self-righteous
Come and invite this sense of, higher purpose to ruin paths created for likeness, mmm
Amazing grace, you face mistakes, repent escape, then wake your soul and witness how long it actually tends to take
I pressed the breaks so many times, I might as well be a mime
I move in silence but nothing actually climbs
Don't lose your soul, nigga
Don't ever lose your purpose when it's told, nigga
Be aware of those who never wanna fold with you but go with you, when more figures, go swole, picture
These cold liquors infesting my whole liver
Fuck them toxins, My brother surrounded by oxytocins
Told him I'd whip his ass if I found him around them problems
Drug culture, used to glorify the sellers
But now we users, open abusers, destroying ourselves
Avoiding thy hell, won't preach your head off
I feel I'm best off when I'm open in private
Fuck all that silence, what constitutes the root of suicide?
I know some niggas who cried
Came to my side, nothing but tears in their eyes
Like "I wish my homie heard your music, he'd probably survive"
Chills down my spine and what I'm concerned with
Spotify plays and how to make amends with niggas I give two fucks about so I can route how to maximize this clout
I owe y'all apologies
See, I been making music for the wrong reasons
I think my vanity's catching up with my sense of being
I think my lust for status is tragic, imagine
Ain't spoke to friends in like seven months at what cost is there for this passion
Fuck all that reenacting, I'm more concerned with memes than taking action
Then getting public with strangers, and hate interacting
A slave to these boxes while suffocating through all this madness
I cannot suffer, I have a voice that needs more extracting
I'ma do everything in my power to watch the masses
I'ma get...Je rêve, pince moi pour voir
J’avoue j’ai du mal, j’ai du mal à le croire
C’est moi qui chantais ce soir
Est-ce que c’est moi qui, vraiment moi qui chantais ?
Suis-je plus laide ou plus belle
Que sur la photo de mon disque orange ?
Suis-je seulement celle
Celle dont j’ai l’air ?
Souvent je change
Regarde, allez, regarde-moi, tu vois
J’ai enlevé mes bijoux
Démaquillé le noir à mes yeux
Oté le rose à mes joues
Et je viens nue vers toi
Oté le rose à mes joues
Et je viens nue vers toi
Oté le rose à mes joues
Et je viens nue vers toi

En pleureuse italienne
Ou en bon petit, en bon petit soldat
Comment tu me préfères ?
En héroïne ou en blessée de guerre ?
Cette vie que j’habite
Parfois me dépasse, parfois est trop petite
Peur que ma chance me quitte
Je cours partout, je m’ennuie vite
Regarde, allez, regarde-moi, tu vois
J’ai enlevé mes bijoux
Démaquillé le noir à mes yeux
Oté le rose à mes joues
Et je viens nue vers toi
Oté le rose à mes joues
Et je viens nue vers toi
Oté le rose à mes joues
Et je viens nue vers toi
Regarde, allez, regarde-moi, tu vois
J’ai enlevé mes bijoux
Démaquillé le noir à mes yeux
Oté le rose à mes joues
Et je viens nue vers toi
Oté le rose à mes joues
Et je viens nue vers toi
Oté le rose à mes joues
Et je viens nue vers toiJ'ai quitté mon pays, dit au revoir à mes amis
Réussir, j'l'avais promis à mes proches, à ma famille
Mais j'ai trouvé qu'des ennuis, ça, on ne me l'avait pas dit
Suicidaires sont mes envies, parait-t-il qu'on a qu'une vie
J'ai quitté mon pays, dit au revoir à mes amis
Réussir, j'l'avais promis à mes proches, à ma famille
Mais j'ai trouvé qu'des ennuis, ça, on ne me l'avait pas dit
Suicidaires sont mes envies, parait-t-il qu'on a qu'une vie

J'ai pris mon courage à deux mains, j'en ai bavé sur le chemin
J'ai fait confiance à mon destin, dans un monde cruel et inhumain
L'homme me traite comme un chien, j'ai froid et j'ai faim
Je suis le cauchemar des politiciens, j'suis un produit du rêve européen
La vie m'a détruit, on m'a dit que plus au Nord, j'aurais un avenir
Donc j'ai du m'enfuir au pays des droits de l'homme pour m'reconstruire
Mais la cinquième puissance économique qui s'enrichit sur l'dos d'ses anciennes colonies
J'suis un enfant d'ces colonies, pourquoi me voit-t-il toujours comme un ennemi ?

La vie est elle faite pour moi ?
Pourquoi vivre me fait mal ?
Allez leur dire que sous ma carrosserie, j'ai un cœur aussi
Qu'ai-je fais pour mériter ça ?

J'ai quitté mon pays, dit au revoir à mes amis
Réussir, j'l'avais promis à mes proches, à ma famille
Mais j'ai trouvé qu'des ennuis, ça, on ne me l'avait pas dit
Suicidaires sont mes envies, parait-t-il qu'on a qu'une vie
J'ai quitté mon pays, dit au revoir à mes amis
Réussir, j'l'avais promis à mes proches, à ma famille
Mais j'ai trouvé qu'des ennuis, ça, on ne me l'avait pas dit
Suicidaires sont mes envies, parait-t-il qu'on a qu'une vie

J'dors dehors, juste au bord du périphérique
Avec maman, ça fait longtemps qu'on a pas eu d'échange téléphonique
Comment lui dire qu'à coté d'moi des mecs se shoot à l'héroïne
Ça fait deux s'maines j'ai le même jean, que j'mendie au feu rouge pour quelques centimes
Je n'ai plus de nouvelles de mes frères et sœurs, j'suis vulnérable, j'suis seul et j'ai peur
Entouré plein d'monde, j'ai plus d'interlocuteur
J'remercie les bénévoles comme ceux du Restos du Cœur
On m'traite de drogué, de voleur, d'assassin, même de violeur
Tous ces adjectifs sont en mon honneur mais dites leur que j'suis juste à la poursuite du bonheur

J'ai quitté mon pays, dit au revoir à mes amis
Réussir, j'l'avais promis à mes proches, à ma famille
Mais j'ai trouvé qu'des ennuis, ça, on ne me l'avait pas dit
Suicidaires sont mes envies, parait-t-il qu'on a qu'une vie
J'ai quitté mon pays, dit au revoir à mes amis
Réussir, j'l'avais promis à mes proches, à ma famille
Mais j'ai trouvé qu'des ennuis, ça, on ne me l'avait pas dit
Suicidaires sont mes envies, parait-t-il qu'on a qu'une vie

Dites leur que j'suis juste à la poursuite du bonheur
Dites leur que j'suis juste à la poursuite du bonheur
Dites leur que j'suis juste à la poursuite du bonheur
Dites leur que j'suis juste à la poursuite du bonheurJ'ai quitté mon pays, dit au revoir à mes amis
Réussir, j'l'avais promis à mes proches, à ma famille
Mais j'ai trouvé qu'des ennuis, ça, on ne me l'avait pas dit
Suicidaires sont mes envies, parait-t-il qu'on a qu'une vie
J'ai quitté mon pays, dit au revoir à mes amis
Réussir, j'l'avais promis à mes proches, à ma famille
Mais j'ai trouvé qu'des ennuis, ça, on ne me l'avait pas dit
Suicidaires sont mes envies, parait-t-il qu'on a qu'une vie

J'ai pris mon courage à deux mains, j'en ai bavé sur le chemin
J'ai fait confiance à mon destin, dans un monde cruel et inhumain
L'homme me traite comme un chien, j'ai froid et j'ai faim
Je suis le cauchemar des politiciens, j'suis un produit du rêve européen
La vie m'a détruit, on m'a dit que plus au Nord, j'aurais un avenir
Donc j'ai du m'enfuir au pays des droits de l'homme pour m'reconstruire
Mais la cinquième puissance économique qui s'enrichit sur l'dos d'ses anciennes colonies
J'suis un enfant d'ces colonies, pourquoi me voit-t-il toujours comme un ennemi ?

La vie est elle faite pour moi ?
Pourquoi vivre me fait mal ?
Allez leur dire que sous ma carrosserie, j'ai un cœur aussi
Qu'ai-je fais pour mériter ça ?

J'ai quitté mon pays, dit au revoir à mes amis
Réussir, j'l'avais promis à mes proches, à ma famille
Mais j'ai trouvé qu'des ennuis, ça, on ne me l'avait pas dit
Suicidaires sont mes envies, parait-t-il qu'on a qu'une vie
J'ai quitté mon pays, dit au revoir à mes amis
Réussir, j'l'avais promis à mes proches, à ma famille
Mais j'ai trouvé qu'des ennuis, ça, on ne me l'avait pas dit
Suicidaires sont mes envies, parait-t-il qu'on a qu'une vie

J'dors dehors, juste au bord du périphérique
Avec maman, ça fait longtemps qu'on a pas eu d'échange téléphonique
Comment lui dire qu'à coté d'moi des mecs se shoot à l'héroïne
Ça fait deux s'maines j'ai le même jean, que j'mendie au feu rouge pour quelques centimes
Je n'ai plus de nouvelles de mes frères et sœurs, j'suis vulnérable, j'suis seul et j'ai peur
Entouré plein d'monde, j'ai plus d'interlocuteur
J'remercie les bénévoles comme ceux du Restos du Cœur
On m'traite de drogué, de voleur, d'assassin, même de violeur
Tous ces adjectifs sont en mon honneur mais dites leur que j'suis juste à la poursuite du bonheur

J'ai quitté mon pays, dit au revoir à mes amis
Réussir, j'l'avais promis à mes proches, à ma famille
Mais j'ai trouvé qu'des ennuis, ça, on ne me l'avait pas dit
Suicidaires sont mes envies, parait-t-il qu'on a qu'une vie
J'ai quitté mon pays, dit au revoir à mes amis
Réussir, j'l'avais promis à mes proches, à ma famille
Mais j'ai trouvé qu'des ennuis, ça, on ne me l'avait pas dit
Suicidaires sont mes envies, parait-t-il qu'on a qu'une vie

Dites leur que j'suis juste à la poursuite du bonheur
Dites leur que j'suis juste à la poursuite du bonheur
Dites leur que j'suis juste à la poursuite du bonheur
Dites leur que j'suis juste à la poursuite du bonheurSoldat de plomb
Soldat de plomb
Tout maigre dans ma grosse veste
Qui me servait d'armure
J'avais du shit dans mes chaussettes
Et je faisais dans mon pantalon
Soldat de plomb
Soldat de plomb
J'avais juste douze ans
Les poches remplies d'argent
J'avais déjà vu trop de sang
Soldat de plomb
Soldat de plomb
J'étais adolescent
Quand j'ai vu le destin prendre un calibre
Et nous descendre un par un
Mort par overdose
Par arme à feu
Par arme blanche ou par pendaison
Soldat de plomb
Soldat de plomb
Bien sûr qu'un sourire nous aurait fait plaisir
Juste un peu d'attention
Et peut-être ç'aurait été autrement
Nous aurions été des enfants normaux
Et pas des enfants soldats
Soldats de plomb
Soldats de plomb
Ca ne pouvait finir qu'en drame
Quand nous étions dans cette cave
Et que tout notre escadron
S'est mis à sniffer de la came
Soldat de plomb
Soldat de plomb
Des copines que j'avais connues belles
S'étaient changé en loques humaines
A cause de l'héroïne
Qu'elles s'étaient injectées dans les veines
Soldatesses fatiguées
Soldats de plomb
Soldats de plomb
Certains de mes proches, de mes frères
Décidèrent de faire sauter la banque à coup de revolver
BANG
BANG
Cinq, dix, quinze ans fermes
Mais on ne parle plus que par lettres
Soldat de plomb
Soldat de plomb
Sous le volant les câbles pendent
Il roulait vite pour pas se faire prendre
L'explosion sonna BOOM
Et il se fit pendre
Soldat de plomb
Soldat de plomb
Sans oublier les histoires bêtes
Un contrôle d'identité
On finit une balle dans la tête
Soldat de plomb
Soldat de plomb
Alors ça finit en émeute, en guerre rangée
C.R.S casqués
Contre jeunes en meute, enragés
Soldat de plomb
Soldat de plomb
Alors aujourd'hui quand j'entend des journalistes me dire
Que parler de paix et d'amour, ça ne sert à rien si ce n'est divertir
Je pense à ces mecs et ces meufs dont l'ultime demeure est sous une croix ou tournée vers la Mecque
Ces petits mecs et ces petites meufs qu'on ne considèrera jamais comme des héros
Ou même comme de simples victimes de guerre
Moi, je ne vous oublie pas
Et en votre mémoire éternelle
Je ferai tout, pour faire la paix avec moi-même
Et avec les autres aussi
Pour un monde meilleur
Vive la France arc-en-ciel
Unie, et débarrassée de toutes ses peurs
Soldat de plomb
Soldat de plomb
Donne-moi la main
Donne-moi la main
Donne-moi la main
Donne-moi la mainSi on reconsidère les choses
Je ne suis pas ton idéal
Écoute ce que je te propose
Descends-moi de mon piédestal
Je ne suis pas celle qu'on dispose
En jolie statue de cristal
Je préfère quand tout nous oppose
Sois mon rival

L'amour a tellement de visages
À toi d'ouvrir les yeux
Est-ce que tu envisages (tu envisages)

Toutes les femmes de ta vie
En moi réunies
Ton âme sœur, ton égérie
Parfois ta meilleure ennemie
Toutes les femmes de ta vie
Glamour ou sexy
L'héroïne de tes envies
Je suis toutes les femmes, tu vois
Toutes les femmes de ta vie

Je ferai semblant de te croire
Quand parfois je sais que tu mens
Je ne ferai même pas d'histoire
Si tes ex reviennent en courant
Je suis aussi ton oxygène
Quand tu as le souffle coupé
Une histoire pour s'éloigner des
Contes de fées

L'amour a tellement de visages
À toi d'ouvrir les yeux
Est-ce que tu envisages

Toutes les femmes de ta vie
En moi réunies
Ton âme sœur, ton égérie
Parfois ta meilleure ennemie
Toutes les femmes de ta vie
Glamour ou sexy
L'héroïne de tes envies
Je suis toutes les femmes, tu vois
Toutes les femmes de ta vie

Toutes celles que je suis sont là en moi, tu vois
Si tu fermes les yeux, regarde en toi
Regarde un peu tout c'que tu perds

Toutes les femmes de ta vie
En moi réunies
Ton âme sœur, ton égérie
Parfois ta meilleure ennemie
Toutes les femmes de ta vie (toutes les femmes)
Glamour ou sexy (et sexy)
L'héroïne de tes envies
Je suis toutes les femmes, tu vois
Toutes les femmes de ta vie

Toutes les femmes de ta vie
En moi réunies
Ton âme sœur, ton égérie
Parfois ta meilleure ennemie (ta meilleure, meilleure ennemie, yeah)
Toutes les femmes de ta vie
Glamour ou sexy
L'héroïne de tes envies
Je suis toutes les femmes, tu vois
Toutes les femmes de ta vie

Toutes les femmes de ta vie (ta vie)
En moi réunies (whoa)
Ton âme sœur, ton égérie (ton égérie)
Parfois ta meilleure ennemie (ennemie)
Toutes les femmes de ta vie (toutes les femmes)
Glamour ou sexy (toutes les femmes)
L'héroïne de tes envies
Je suis toutes les femmes, tu vois
Toutes les femmes de ta vieThere are boys
Like fading coals, lost souls
Switch blades in tribal ways
There's good and evil in their eyes
Lost Boys
I love those Lost Boys
Lost Boys
Where are those Lost Boys?
They're so lost in love
They're so lost in love
There are boys in the twilight zone, alone
I see them drift away
Saints with sins and heroines
There's good and evil in their eyes
Lost Boys
I love those Lost Boys
Lost Boys
Where are those Lost Boys?
They're so lost in love
They're so lost in love
Lost Boys
I love those Lost Boys
Lost Boys
Where are those Lost Boys?
They're so lost in love
They're so lost in love
Lost Boys
I love those Lost Boys
Lost Boys
I love those Lost Boys
Lost Boys
I love those Lost Boys
Lost Boys
I love those Lost Boys
I love those Lost BoysA Christian, an anarchist slash prostitute
Figures out the true meaning
Of freedom, not freedom like America
Freedom like a shopping cart
Kick back, no tense, you gotta bag of grub
Cost you about 50 cents
No fear, no fuckin' feat, malt liquor
Tastes much better on the street
Crustin', a way of life for heroines
And heroes who hitch hike the road
To Eden, not Eden like the garden state
Eden like the state of mind
Kick back, cheap thrills, you'll do anythin'
For a laugh even if it kills you
The bridge, you took it out
The ticket takers suddenly lost count
Sleeping under rays
Your teeth crumbling away
Say goodbye to all responsibility
You never wanted it man
Wasting time
Whenever you get the chance
Which happens to be all the time
Kick back, free meals, a couple times a day
You make a couple of shady deals
No work, no fuckin' pay
Cardboard condominium by the bay
Between the red and black
You're never going back
Say goodbye to all responsibility
You never wanted it manSous les projecteurs (Séquences)
Plan serré je danse
Deux mille regards, quelques acteurs (En transe)
J’attends l'aurore, j'attends des heures
Solo sur les planches (Patience)
Une ombre s’élance
Travelling avant, prochaine étape (Silence)
Mes vêtements glissent au son du clap
Étendue sur les bras, belle comme au cinéma
Et je suis comme Emmanuelle, héroïne en panorama

Romance aléatoire
Un scénario sans histoire
Mon corps en plan séquence
S’évapore sur l’écran noir

Monteur
Action
Camera
Séquences
Patience
Mon cœur en trance
Sous les projecteurs
(Séquences)
Plan serré je danse

Romance aléatoire
Un scénario sans histoire
Mon corps en plan séquence
S’évapore sur l’écran noir
Romance aléatoire
Un scénario sans histoire
Mon corps en plan séquence
S’évapore sur l’écran noir

Étendue sur les bras, belle comme au cinéma
Et je suis comme Emmanuelle, héroïne en panorama
Romance aléatoire
Un scénario sans histoire
Mon corps en plan séquence
S’évapore sur l’écran noir
Romance aléatoire
Un scénario sans histoire
Mon corps en plan séquence
S’évapore sur l’écran noirChorus:
(4x) Jack Frost nipping at your nose
(sample of Nat King Cole)
I'm sporting Triple down rain gear
Dumping on flying reindeer
And that overweight queer with the red and white sleeping apparel
Sliding down the chimneys, but staring down this double barrel
I'm putting Santa on alphabetical Medi-Cal
It's survival of the fittest as the milleneum approaches
By then the only existing life on Earth is real niggas and roaches
But see, I'm colder than nuclear winter
So concoct the contender, I'll make a nigga change agenda
Change gender, change men to feminine
Women in masculine genitalia
Seasons beatings 'til the next Saturnalia
Ain't no competing, defeating all persons in paraphernalia
Compel me to inhale the aroma
("I smell.. I smell.. I smell PUSSY!!!")
My nigga, you could use some heart like a fucking organ donor
In conflict, whenever you plan it, I'm a split it like the equator
My Sanskrit box an' liquid nitrogen strike the mics colder than polar
I'm like "Wonder Twins Activate!", pimp in the form of ice Ebola
Mister Sister Sister, fool I'll make your scrotum blister
Fool, if you ready to be the man then I'm a hit ya
Like Bar Mitzvah, beyond ill
I'm the rhyming Simon Phoenix with that "murder, death, kill."
You got me all fucked up, I'm the abominable flow-man
Kiss ya ass goodbye. Your record deal was standing under mistletoe
And I'm Mandingo
My cultural experiences doesn't include Kris Kringle
Celebrating Satan, no, sorry, Santa
It continues to be a mind boggler
When black people be picking shit off the ground
And eating it like a toddler
I shoot the gift like Kwanzaa
That holiday is pagan, 626 like Mazda
And a billion bucks a fuck
That's bringing up the slack in the gross national product
Like water, my mind avalanches expressions
And from papas erection and mama's C-section
Before Norplant contraception conception
The only exception was the immaculate deception
Cause contrary to what my bereaved mother believes
Jesus was conceived by a Mitochondrial Eve
I leave gangrene when I slang these below zero
So niggas better bring more "Heat" than Al Pacino and Robert De Niro
Chorus:
Jack Frost nipping at your nose
(sample of Nat King Cole)
Gollllden State Waaaarrriioooors, come out to pllllaaayyyyyyyy!
Ha haaaaa! Yo. Yes, Yes, Yes
This goes out, you know, to the West Coast
All my niggas on the East Coast
All my niggas down South, you know what I'm saying. All them phat Dj's
All the heads, and all them bitch ass niggas, you know what I'm saying
(DJ Rhethmatic Scratching Nas sample from "It Ain't Hard to Tell)
"I'll leave them froze like heroine in ya nose"Flicker, yes flicker
There it is, a little less faint
A little more of your flame
Feel it warm your skin
Part of you trapped within

Shed a little light on this
Help me see
Shed a little light on this
Underneath the scarring from his defiling
Underneath the pain

Heroines
They are not born, they are made
A phoenix forms, her ashes rise
Expose their hell
Break Satan's spell
Fire purifies
It's redemption time

Flicker, yes, flicker
When neighbours and friends
Only give you their burning silence
Even with torches raised
Part of you can't feel safe

Shed a little light on this
Help me see
Shed a little light on this, please
Shed a little light on this
And on those who excuse this act of violence
Choosing you to play

Heroines
They are not born, they are made
A phoenix forms, her ashes rise
Expose their hell
Break Satan's spell
Fire purifies
It's redemption time

Shed a little light on this
Shed a little light on thisखुल के जीने का तरीका तुम्हें सिखाते हैं
हँस के देखों ना लतीफ़ा तुम्हें सुनाते हैं
उमर के साल कितने हैं, गिन-गिन के क्या करना?
बीत जाए ना, गिनती में ही वरना
आओ फिल्मों के बेअदब गाने गाते हैं
Heroine-hero आज हम-तुम बन जाते हैं
खुल के जीने का तरीका तुम्हें सिखाते हैं
हँस के देखों ना लतीफ़ा तुम्हें सुनाते हैं
खुशियाँ तो रखीं है pocket में
कागज़ के नन्हे से packet में
इनकी बिजली की तरह क्यूँ बचत करे बताओं ना!
खरच कर डालेंगे सारी आज ही आओ ना
है महेंगे दर्द बड़े ओर मुस्कान पाई हमने मुफ़्त में
खुल के जीने का तरीका तुम्हें सिखाते हैं
हँस के देखों ना लतीफ़ा तुम्हें सुनाते हैं
उमर के साल कितने हैं, गिन-गिन के क्या करना?
बीत जाए ना, गिनती में ही वरना
आओ फिल्मों के बेअदब गाने गाते हैं
Heroine-hero आज हम-तुम बन जाते हैं
दिल की है इतनी ही नादानी
चुटकी में हो जाए रूहानी
यारी ओर चाहत के जो बीच की वहीं सरहद है
पार उसकों कर जाना दिल की बुरी आदत है
आसानी से आजाए दो अंजान अँखियों की गिरफ़्त में
खुल के जीने का तरीका तुम्हें सिखाते हैं
हँस के देखों ना लतीफ़ा तुम्हें सुनाते हैं
उमर के साल कितने हैं, गिन-गिन के क्या करना?
बीत जाए ना, गिनती में ही वरना
आओ फिल्मों के बेअदब गाने गाते हैं
Heroine-hero आज हम-तुम बन जाते हैं
खुल के जीने का तरीका तुम्हें सिखाते हैं
हँस के देखों ना लतीफ़ा तुम्हें सुनाते हैंHuh, j'ai dit Todo Por La Causa.
Flow héroïne, 70's pipeline
Groupe terroriste, Mérogis-Airline
Cash déposit, maison d'disque, Espagne!
J'ai dit Todo Por La Causa ...

Ça charbonne toute la s'maine, les allocs, les assdec'
Ma mère m'a toujours dit "Fils el cabrón su padre"
"On pille la France on rentre" ya tu sabes !
Passeport espagnol si la Guardia Civil nous arrête. (Hey)
Moi j'ai mes principes mes codes, j'suis comme un classique de Soul
86 l'époque, choisir entre l'oseille, les profs: j'ai quitté l'école
Des plaquettes de shit, 200 grammes cinq fois
Faut qu'j'arrête le deal, nhar sheitan fin de vac'
Pourcentages, transac'. Charlie Lima à central
Passe me voir dans l'parc, tard le soir j'prends l'cash. (Yeah)
J'tourne avec Toxis, NSI, Sinto sur l'banc d'droite
J'emmerde le taf, chauffeur/livreur, conduire un Trans-Pal'
10 ans plus tard tu m'croises en costard
Todo Por La Causa, tournevis m'emmène en garde-av'
Deux, trois potes au placard, père de famille, gosses en bas-âges
Putas dominicas, San Felipe, Puerto Plata
Huh, j'ai dit Todo Por La Causa
Flow héroïne, 70's pipeline
Groupe terroriste, Mérogis-Airline
Cash déposit, maison d'disque, Espagne!
J'ai dit Todo Por La Causa ...

Tout pour la cause, merde, j'suis comme un Corse
Tête de mort sous une cagoule manouche, cousin des Hornec.
Dehors c'est le Quartier Rouge partout ça tourne en bordel
Borderline sous cocktail, don d'organe, Hostel.
Toutpourlacause.com, une gorgée d'Poliakov,
Prends la pose, Vatos low cost, La Onda pour la tof!
Estevan Oriol, tatouage énorme, deux doigts en l'air, j'emmerde le Diable et ses cornes
Check Aix, Bouches-du-Rhône, MS13, Argonautes,
7.0.C.L. en rouge et jaune, sur la route du Rhum sec
Ma secte est née sans forceps, check, pas b'soin d'ailes pour s'envoler, cercueil violet le jour des obsèques
J'commets des crimes par la pensée, c'est la crise, le rap français dans la prise de rail de C
J's'rais pas un cobaye, un quota ou un code postal, comme Alejandro Sosa, Todo Por La Causa
Huh, j'ai dit Todo Por La Causa
Flow héroïne, 70's pipeline
Groupe terroriste, Mérogis-Airline
Cash déposit, maison d'disque, Espagne!
J'ai dit Todo Por La Causa ...Nous sommes les héroïnes
D'Henry Darger
Nous sommes comme
Des gazolines imaginaires
Page après page
La vie est notre histoire
Nous droit devant unis
Et sauvages
Au diable les autres
On oublie nos âmes
Oui grâce... à l'aube
On oublie nos fautes...
Comme des garçons
Tout ça n'est pas
De notre faute
Porter nos glaives
Pour qu'ils soient sains et saufs
Nous des martyrs des nations
Des messagères
Nous sommes comme
Des gazolines imaginaires
Au diable nos fautes
On oublie nos sabres
Oui grâce... à l'aube
On oublie les autres
Oui croire à l'aube
On oublie nos âmes
Au diable les autres
On oublie nos fautes
Oui grâce à l'aube
On oublie les autresFlesh is foreign, friends are far
Decks run deep, sleep is minced or marred
And it’s all out war for the soul between
Dreams that are hungry and the fears that feed
But I’ll carry it, by chariot, through blood and blows
Under starless skies of fire, into great unknown
Living on the lam and the frontier of
A free life of free will for the thrill of your love

Spill your secrets and paint my days
Passion is your palette, your canvases cafés
And null my nights in the harbour and hell
Of the cantina’s counsel and meals of mezcal

Plans to settle down
Plans to up and split
Plans loose as the morals we are planning with
Baby be the beast, but free what burdens be
And I’ll love you if you love me

All life long, ’til I’m gone
All life long, ’til I’m gone

Cigarettes, sorcery, and Biblical sins
Hangovers, heathens, harlots, and anti-heroines
The cabarets, the getaways, and the afterglow
A little money and whatever’s on the radio

Plans to settle down
Plans to up and split
Plans loose as the morals we are planning with
Baby be the beast, but free what burdens be
And I’ll love you if you love me

All life long, ’til I’m gone
All life long, ’til I’m gone
All life
All life
All life
All life
All life long, ’til I’m gone
All life long, ’til I’m goneLa coquette cherchait on ne sait plus quoi
L'appétit la tiraillait, ça sentait le putois
Alice passait dans un champ mignon
Quand l'appela une chenille bleue sur un champignon
Le nez écarquillé, inhalant un narguilé
Dans sa tête, l'esprit éparpillé
Elle dira ce que vous voulez entendre
Puis tout son contraire avant de le défendre
Elle garde des rêves dans des petites boîtes
Sur deux feuilles, elle roule à mille pattes

La chenille fumait le narguilé, narguilé
Aussi tard qu'il est, tard qu'il est
La chenille fumait du narguilé, narguilé
Aussi tard qu'il est calculé
La chenille fumait le narguilé, narguilé
Aussi tard qu'il est éparpillé
Dit la passion des prunelles
Si vous aviez rendez-vous, annulez

Ecoutez la chenille qui fume
Ses pensées ? Avoir écrit au clair de la lune
Grasses et vertes sont les volutes
Bientôt Alice ne se reconnait plus
Après l'inhalation tu n'es plus toi-même
A confondre le pouce, l'index, le majeur, à trois nems
Elle plane au point d'oublier sa poésie
Et récite d'inconnues fantaisies
La chenille dit ne l'avoir jamais vue
Se faire passer pour folle est sa couverture

La chenille fumait le narguilé, narguilé
Aussi tard qu'il est, tard qu'il est
La chenille fumait du narguilé, narguilé
Aussi tard qu'il est calculé
La chenille fumait le narguilé, narguilé
Aussi tard qu'il est éparpillé
Dit la passion des prunelles
Si vous aviez rendez-vous, annulez

Encore un bout de champi ? Elle ne dira pas non
Notre héroïne : Alice Vegas Parano
Cherchant sa bonne taille quelque-part
Il fera surement jour avant qu'elle ne parte
La chenille est enfermée dans sa chanvre
Vient dans sa bulle partager sa chance
Attrape le sourire du matou
Au risque d'être recherché partout
Mais en attendant que la fumée s'écarte
Elle rit pour narguilé, narguer les cartes

La chenille fumait le narguilé, narguilé
Aussi tard qu'il est, tard qu'il est
La chenille fumait du narguilé, narguilé
Aussi tard qu'il est calculé
La chenille fumait le narguilé, narguilé
Aussi tard qu'il est éparpillé
Dit la passion des prunelles
Si vous aviez rendez-vous, annulezQuelque chose a dû mal dans mon cerveau
Tous vos produits chimiques dans mes veines
Sentant tous les hauts, ressentant toute la douleur
Laissez la roue, c'est l'autoroute
Maintenant, je vois rouge, ne peut pas penser correctement
Brouiller toutes les lignes, vous enivre moi

Comme la nicotine, l'héroïne, la morphine
Soudainement, je suis un démon et tu es tout j'ai besoin
Tout ce dont j'ai besoin, oui, tu es tout ce dont j'ai besoin

C'est vous, bébé
Et je suis un meunier pour la façon dont vous bougez, bébé
Et je pourrais essayer de courir, mais ce serait inutile
C'est votre faute
Juste un coup de vous, je savais que je ne serai jamais le même
C'est vous, bébé
Et je suis un meunier pour la façon dont vous bougez, bébé
Et je pourrais essayer de courir, mais ce serait inutile
C'est votre faute
Juste un coup de vous, je savais que je ne serai jamais, jamais le même

Je ne serai jamais le même
Je ne serai jamais le même
Je ne serai jamais le même

Faufiler en L.A. quand les lumières sont basses
Hors d'un contact, je pourrais surdoser
Tu as dit "Arrête de jouer prudemment
Ma fille, je veux te voir perdre le contrôle"

Tout comme la nicotine, l'héroïne, la morphine
Soudain, je suis un démon et tu es tout ce dont j'ai besoin
Tout ce dont j'ai besoin, ouais, tu es tout ce dont j'ai besoin

C'est vous, bébé
Et je suis un meunier pour la façon dont vous bougez, bébé
Et je pourrais essayer de courir, mais ce serait inutile
C'est votre faute
Juste un coup de vous, je savais que je ne serai jamais le même
C'est vous, bébé
Et je suis un meunier pour la façon dont vous bougez, bébé
Et je pourrais essayer de courir, mais ce serait inutile
C'est votre faute
Juste un coup de vous, je savais que je ne serai jamais, jamais le même

Je ne serai jamais le même
Je ne serai jamais le même
Je ne serai jamais le même

Vous êtes dans mon sang
Vous êtes dans mes veines
Vous êtes dans ma tête (je blâme)
Vous êtes dans mon sang
Vous êtes dans mes veines
Vous êtes dans ma tête (je dis)

Je dis que c'est vous, bébé
Et je suis un meunier pour la façon dont vous bougez, bébé
Et je pourrais essayer de courir, mais ce serait inutile
C'est votre faute (c'est votre faute)
Juste un coup de toi, je savais que je ne serais plus jamais le même (je ne serai jamais le)
C'est vous, bébé
Et je suis un meunier pour la façon dont vous bougez, bébé
Et je pourrais essayer de courir, mais ce serait inutile
C'est votre faute
Juste un coup de vous, je savais que je ne serai jamais, jamais le même어느 날 천천히 내게 다가와
나를 사랑한단 이유만으로
그대의 모든 걸 내게 주었네 그대

항상 함께했던 많은 시간들
매일 받기만 했던 그 사랑을
이젠 그대에게 돌려주고 싶어 이젠

지금까지 날 행복하게
만들었던 모든 순간들
모두 담아 노래할게

불러줄게 너에게 너를 향한 내 노래를
주인공은 너이기를 바랬던
그 마음을 너는 알고 있니
고마워서 사랑해서 너
눈 감는 그날까지 네 남자로 살아갈게
곁에 있어줘서 고마워

지금까지 날 항상
웃게 만들었던 모든 시간들
모두 담아 노래할게

불러줄게 너에게 너를 향한 내 노래를
주인공은 너이기를 바랬던
내 마음을 너는 알고 있니
고마워서 사랑해서 너
눈 감는 그날까지 네 남자로 살아갈게
곁에 있어줘서 고마워

언젠가 우리가 시간이 흘러
추억이 된다 해도
노래할게 널 위해
언제까지 나 너에게
항상 날 멀리서 바라봐 준
너 이젠 내가 갈게
나와 함께해서 고마워..
나와 함께해서 고마워

Romanisation :
 Eoneu nal cheoncheonhi
Naege dagawa
Nareul saranghandan
Iyumaneuro
Geudaeui modeun geol
Naege jueotne geudae
 Hangsang hamkkehaetdeon
Manheun sigandeul
Maeil batgiman haetdeon
Geu sarangeul
Ijen geudaeege
Dollyeojugo sipeo
Ijen
 Jigeumkkaji nal
Haengbokhage
Mandeureotdeon
Modeun sungandeul
Modu dama noraehalge
 Bulleojulge neoege
Neoreul hyanghan
Nae noraereul
 Juingongeun neoigireul baraetdeon
Geu maeumeul
Neoneun algo itni
 Gomawoseo
Saranghaeseo neo
 Nun gamneun geunalkkaji
Ne namjaro saragalge
Gyeote isseojwoseo
Gomawo
 Jigeumkkaji nal
Hangsang utge
Mandeureotdeon
Modeun sigandeul
Modu dama noraehalge
 Bulleojulge neoege
Neoreul hyanghan
Nae noraereul
 Juingongeun neoigireul
Baraetdeon
Nae maeumeul neoneun
Algo itni
 Gomawoseo
Saranghaeseo neo
 Nun gamneun geunalkkaji
Ne namjaro saragalge
Gyeote isseojwoseo
Gomawo
 Eonjenga uriga
Sigani heulleo
Chueogi doenda haedo
 Noraehalge neol wihae 
Eonjekkaji na neoege
 Hangsang nal meolliseo
Barabwa jun neo
Ijen naega galge 
Nawa hamkkehaeseo
Gomawo
 Nawa hamkkehaeseo
Gomawo

French Translation :

Un jour, tu es venue plus prêt de moi
Sans précipitation
Tu m'as donné ton tout
Avec la seule raison que tu m'aimais
Toi
Nous étions toujours ensemble
Pendant longtemps
L'amour que je n'ai fais que recevoir
Tous les jours
Maintenant, je veux te le rendre
Maintenant
Chaque instants qui me rendaient heureux
Jusqu'à présent
Je te chanterais une chanson
Avec ces instants
Je chanterais pour toi
Ma chanson pour toi
Sais-tu que mon cœur souhaitait
Que tu sois l’héroïne
Merci, je t'aime
Jusqu'au dernier jour de ma vie
Je vivrais comme ton homme
Merci de rester à mes côtés
Tous ces moments
Qui me font sourire même aujourd'hui
Je chanterais une chanson
Avec ces instants
Je chanterais pour toi
Ma chanson pour toi
Sais-tu que mon cœur souhaitait
Que tu sois l’héroïne
Merci, je t'aime
Jusqu'au dernier jour de ma vie
Je vivrais comme ton homme
Merci de rester à mes côtés
Un jour, quand le temps aura passé
Même si nous devenons de vieux souvenirs
Je chanterais pour toi
Pour toujours pour toi
Tu es la seule qui me regarde toujours de loin
Maintenant, je vais me rapprocher de toi
Merci d'être avec moi
Merci d'être avec moiTuck It In Or Take It Out For What
You Cannot See With Them Eyes
A Tired Hand, Her Naked Hand, Putting Me To Sleep
It Won't Be Long, Your Glow
Has Left Me Dry And My Abstinence Has Been
Postponed By My Comfort In Denial
And The Worst Lie It May Be That Hope Said
She'd Be The Last One To Leave
Always Close Now Sense It Clear
For Years To Come I Can't Go Back
To The Things I Held So...I Held So Dear
We Were Crushed By Her Halo Oh What A Way To Go...
Endlessly She Said Forevermore In Debt
Colourful, So Beautiful, With Fever Eyes Closed And So Free
Those Were My Heroines
Freedom Roar From Senseless Mind
Apocalypse All Dressed In White
Saw It Coming Watched Them Leaving With All I Ever Was
Broken Tissue, Broken Dreams Far-Fetched As Those Fantasies
Since Peace Of Mind Was Not Meant For Me
I'll Praise Them Silently...We Were...EndlesslyNär elefanter dansar över rosornas bädd
Och dansen varit vild och exalterad
Då får man nog lov att säga med fog är jag rädd
Att den rabatten var nog felplacerad
Som en ros i barmen, Fatumeh
Som en nål i armen, Fatumeh
När rosor börjar dansa är djävulen lös
För han tycker om att rosor beskåda
Och han sporrar dig så lusteligt till stordåd, min tös!
Ja, ni hetsar upp varandra ni båda!
Som en blues på kvällen Fatumeh
Som en natt i cellen, Fatumeh
Vad hade du att göra i dessa kvarter?
Ja, det kan man faktiskt fråga sig, min sköna
Nu kan du aldrig vila på klöverängar mer
Och aldrig mera älska i de gröna
Det var felplanering, Fatumeh
Som en överdosering, Fatumeh
Jag minns när du var liten - du var så söt och snäll
Nu tänker du mest på heroinet
Bland dansande elefanter är du en bagatell
Betänk det. Och så torka väck flinet!
Som när Kreuger sköt sig, Fatumeh
Som när farmor snöt sig, Fatumeh
Så ta nu dina rosor och lägg dem i en grop
Eller låt dem flyga bort genom ditt galler
Eller ska elefanterna få krossa alltihop
Medan natten obönhörligen faller?
Som en trettio tons truck, Fatumeh
Som en sista suck, FatumehBarcelone en féline
Qui vient me griffer la bouche
La Brésilienne en vitrine
À qui je parle de nous
Moi je paierais pour te revoir
Dans cette chambre rouge
Le désert se souligne
Sous tes pommettes bouge
Un faucon éponyme
De la terre des Peaux-Rouges
Moi je paierais pour te revoir
Pour te parler de nous

Viens, je m'envole
Le soleil s'éteint
Entre Viborg et Rome
Viens, je m'envole
Nous prierons demain
Si le ciel nous pardonne

Un Nikka aigre-spleen
Puis tes reins sous la douche
Un Tokyo héroïne
Qui se souvient de nous
Moi je paierais pour te revoir
Ysé noire robe rouge


Et à la fin nous crevons
Crevons d'être trop riches
Crevons d'être trop gras
Crevons d'être trop cons
Pour que Viborg nous dise
Nous dise d'être émus
Nous dise qu'on existe
Mais qu'on ne s'aimera plus
Viens, je m'envole
Viens, je m'envoleNot much to gain or
It's those traveling in the sparks
Daily life what makes me forget my wounded heart
Not much to gain or ?
Daily life what's makes me forget my wounded heart

Long days and long nights
Working the wee hours until the sunrise
Sunlight bring me home
Girl that's calling my phone, like "nigga don't have my daughter late to school no more"
I kiss her on the cheek and wish her well
That dream is what I sell, that the car, house and dog is in the mail
Fine man's ? and ambition that won't fail
With a down payment that can't be weighed on a scale
A heavy heart that's bleeding all over the canvas
Heart, courage and brains somehow it ain't in Kansas
Dorothy clicking heels but we far from home
Somehow I'm passporting to a continent, airplane mode, on that phone
Jamming a rough cut of that ? we hope to change our shoes
Living and such, that whole livelihood, doing better than good
A few planets from rock bottom, my nigga knew he could
Nigga Thurz

Let's get rich what
Luccini falling from the sky
You see me I'm Jordan before he was balling for the Chi
That's Carolina how dare you compare a mine to mine
When I carry lines these these heroines jock me because I'm fly
I'm groovy, groupies gotta love my style
I'm coolin, my Gucci visor is upside down
Don't lose me foot on the peddle push through the ghetto, my hood, I'm good
Some of these niggas pull strings like Gepetto
I would advise you to seek council
Advise us reroute from the liars or be doused in a fire
As the loot go, new flow, cups of liquor and the juice gold
You go and a new ?, I loop the block and get a new ho
Too grown, new whip
Two tone, new bitch
New kicks, too cold
I do this, let's move on
Crew full, bills ten-fold
Here's a little info -- you niggas slow down and catch the tempo


One time like
Make sure they hear me loud enough where even if I be whispering they can picture it
Or recite what it be if you ever need them to mirror it
And as right as it be if it's left to me to be steering it
I'm four lefts from the door steps of where y'all squaring it
My sincerest of pardons when I be chucking these
Shit I'm new in town and these muthafuckas was chucking me
Missed the shoot around so they underestimating what was under me
Til I'm Louis belting their legs, meaning I buckle knees
I talked what I know be it, metaphors and a flow
So if it's Louis belts then it's Louis belts on all of these hoes
Breathe a little, we made it farther than most
And we don't get to do this often but may we all get to gloat
May the women we around forever wanna be down
May they love Rap Genius and whenever you wanna be loud
May they love a good heel and letting something peek it
In detail all of the whispers I speak aboutJe casse le beat tout seul, sa tête frappe sur le bitume
Toujours pas de thune, mon pire ennemi m'a abattu
Que des numéros de tass' dans le répertoire de mon portable
C'est déjà trop tard, je tourne autour de toi comme un putain de crotale
Gros tas d'gras, je casse tes gros bras, je suis trop crade comme Socrate
Porno rap, j'exécute des contrats
J'ai l'album à finir, survivre dans la ville
Structurer mes souterraines affaires, coincées aux portes de l'enfer
Lucifer va les pistonner tous
Clique-clique-boom ; prends la fuite quand mon pistolet tousse
Pour alourdir leur source de revenu certaines sont prêtes à te caresser les bourses
Et à boire le sirop à la source
Des michtonneuses dépressives, des tueurs aux cœurs glacés
Meurtre à l'arme blanche dans une ruelle : affaire classée
Au final prendre sept ans ferme, perdre ses dents faire son possible pour s'extraire de cet enfer
J'ai fait mon chemin dans les égouts entre les clous, les clowns
Les loups qui gloussent, mes crews de vautours sous écrou
La roue tourne
Arpenter les couloirs de la brousse avec un douze, du Grey Goose : là ou se font rare les vrais couz'
Mix ma Zubrowka avec du sang de crotale
J'veux une tass' avec les mêmes eins que la femme de Zambrotta
Percer dans le rap ? Il est déjà trop tard
Si la vie est une chienne je veux la faire jouir sur le bout de mon gros dard
Je suis un métis du cap défoncé à la mandraque
Calibrer mes dope-tracks : interdits dans les bacs
Des traîtrises, des addictions affreuses
Je rode dans les rues du XIII, ma carcasse criblé de balle à tête creuse
La diffusion de mes MST devient un problème d'ISP
Je suis là depuis l'époque des scars-la du torze-qua en Anies B
C'est pas de ma faute si t'as l'ISP
Les dommages collatéraux du faits d'être une petite tass-pé
Les petits lévriers qui viennent piller la billetterie
Dans les loges, je sirote une coupe avec Charles Bietry
Que des grosses lignes de pure héroïne
Rap de porc je veux faire un feat avec Gore Elohim
J'ai fourré lucifer sans pote-ca
A quatre patte, à 3 heure du mat, défoncé à la vodka
Roder dans la street toujours bourré
Pour ma défense tout le monde m'appelait al'Kolo Touré
Rien à foutre de tes vieux goûts
Je suis un goune, un pic à glace planté dans le cou
Ils pensent comme des tass', je serai jamais le prochain rappeur en vogue
Je représente le XIII, fallait que je pose sur l'album d'Avok 
Un fœtus de porc dans un panier en osier
Tu vas dégueuler si tu fourre le nez dans mes dossiers
Je monte à poil sur scène et je me branle devant la foule
Si je vais à Skyrock c'est pour casser la gueule de Difool
C'est pour casser la gueule de Difool
Si je vais à Skyrock c'est pour casser la gueule de Difool
Les tass' je les fait crier même quand je les pelote
Les petits de mon district sont en guerre comme les Crips et les Bloods
Je suis François 1er
Featuring Leonard de Vinci sur un sample de DJ Premier
Je dégueule ma liqueur au coeur de la cité Carter
On m'appelle France info : un flash tous les quarts d'heureJ'espère que tout le monde apprécie la musique
Comme le suggère le titre de l'album
Ceci est destiné à votre plaisir d'écoute
Pendant que vous vous faites

Appelez cela une mauvaise idée, comme moi dans une limousine (Ouais)
Comme l'ombre de ces fenêtres
Gris foncé, les femmes deviennent folles
Mais ils ne peuvent pas voir à l'intérieur (Nah)
La lame du OJ est un stylo (Ouais)
Le propane me prend le crâne
Nom de code Titanium Temple
J'ai failli avaler ma voiture
J'appelle ma Mercedes une Benzo
Salope, je frime comme un bébé
Frime comme J, mais pas Jay comme dans
Jay-Z, J comme dans Leno
Parce que j'ai un énorme manoir
Non, gros mentons, nouveau Manson, perdu mon flingue
Trop scandaleuse, Sue Atkins
Le type de folie que vous ne pouvez pas corriger
Je suis toujours celui que tes parents détestent
Je suis chez toi à manger des bonnes cuisses
Pendant que je suis assis là, que j'attends et que je fais mariner
Je suis irrité, vous allez connaître un destin effrayant
Et revenir à la maison pour se retrouver à regarder directement dans un putain de tonneau comme Sharon Tate
Soulevez le concerto pendant que je raconte
Ouais, tu es sur le droit chemin comme une putain de flèche
Je suis sur un planneur dans l'espace
Avec autant de place pour les jambes et d'espace aérien dans cet avion
Contrairement à vous, car vous êtes aussi sur un vol, mais c'est un escalier

Maintenant, petit moteur parti, aller à vroum-vroum parti
Je perds le contrôle
Héroïne et pipe, Marilyn Monroe
Overd-d-dose
Ri-Rick Roll, la fin de l'endo
Comme une fenêtre gagnante
Petit moteur en panne, petit moteur

Je suis le plus gros vendeur, qui s'en fout ?
Cessez de vivre, puis cessez de crier
Je ne crie pas, tu cries
Un petit malin, bon sang
Putain, c'est ça ? Arrêtez de marteler (Merde)
C'est comme ça que ça sonne dans mon cerveau
Bien que je me batte pour les contenir
J'ai le droit de rester violent
Toute rime que je dis peut être et sera utilisée contre vous
Des glaçons, des micros vont se faire tuer
La vie vous étranglera avec une chaîne de vélo
Vous allez devoir venir identifier les restes
Attendez, quoi ?
J'ai dit que ma tête est tordue comme un morceau de pain (Ouaip)
Impossible de faire passer un mot, sur le côté (Tais-toi)
Le succès du jour au lendemain comme un œil rouge (Salope)
Habillé comme un Jedi dans un Best Buy de la côté ouest
Je suis un hot-dog, non, je suis le gars qui a l'Oscar à Meijers
Dans les appareils électroménagers près des lave-linge et des sèche-linge
La fille a accouru genre, "Marshall en feu"
J'ai regardé en bas et j'ai dit : "Non, je ne le suis pas, tu es une menteuse"
Elle a dit : "Non, ta musique"
J'ai entendu dire que tu étais de retour avec le Dr

Maintenant, petit moteur parti, aller à vroum-vroum parti
Je perds le contrôle
Héroïne et pipe, Marilyn Monroe
Overd-d-dose
Ri-Rick Roll, la fin de l'endo
Comme une fenêtre gagnante
Petit moteur en panne, petit moteur

Dr Dre
(Fou) Tueur psychopathe, (Michael) Michael, Thriller
(Mon flow) Mon flow enragé, (Je, je vais) un go-rille
(Mon flow) Mon flow est toujours un (Fou) psychopathe tueur (Tueur)
(Nitro) Hi ho, Silva
Similitudes et expressions idiomatiques
Je pense que je peux, je pense que je peux
Je sais que je peux, je suis fou
Michael, mon couteau dans la main droite
Dans ma main gauche, je tiens un pied de micro
Un petit moteur en panne
Chicka-ch-chill comme  z-z-zero, zéro, zip, zip, zilch (Ouais)
Comme Kaepernick, j'ai mis un genoux à te-te-terre (Nil), un mot pour Goodwill-will
C'est sans doute ce que ressent le hoodrich
J'étais un garçon du ghetto, maintenant je suis comme Bushwick Bill (Salut salope)
Je vais te prendre comme une outro
Bruce Wayne et Alfred, attention salope
Blueface rencontre Albert DeSalvo
Balboa avec un scalpel
Chien de chasse canaille avec une bouche pleine d'Alpo

Maintenant, petit moteur parti, aller à vroum-vroum parti
Je perds le contrôle
Héroïne et pipe, Marilyn Monroe
Overd-d-dose
Ri-Rick Roll, la fin de l'endo
Comme une fenêtre gagnante
Petit moteur en panne, petit moteurMetropolis had its quieter days
When everyone was behaving
Superman had his lonely times
When no-one needed saving
You can call Captain America
Call Wonder Woman too
Call up any one of them
And sure enough, on cue

They'll fly through sky
They'll jump right out of the sea
But no-one thought to call up
Good old me

And the only thing that sees me
Through these blues
Is I'm someone's superhero
I just don't know whose
Till then, my lack of powers
You must excuse
'Cause I'm somebody's superhero
Just don't know whose

Oh, I ain't got no outfit
To change into at night
No secret power do I hold
No weapon brought to fight
Batman had his Robin
Robin Hood his Merry Men
I got simply nobody
To help me up again

One day, I'll dive right down on
Speeding train
One day, I'll find myself that
Lois Lane

And the only thing that sees me
Through these blues
Is I'm someone's superhero
I just don't know whose
Till then, my lack of powers
You must excuse
'Cause I'm somebody's superhero
Just don't know whose

Heroes and heroines
Untouchable, they are
Pull us free from wreckage
Rescue us from burning car
But not for me, returning heroes'
Cinematic kiss
'Cause I always aim to please
But actually miss

I've no name-check
In the Daily Planet's news
I'm someone's superhero
Just don't know whose
With a fanfare played on
Paper and comb kazoo
I'm somebody's superhero
Just don't know whose
Just don't know whose
Just don't know whose
Don't know whoseJ'te jure cette instro est devenue trop gramatique,
Je représente Wertes c'est pour ça que je m'applique
Tu sais que derrière moi c'est monsieur Erdoganique,
J'efface la concurrence avec un putain de coup de physique,
Apparament tes un mec qui déteste ma musique,
Mais quand t'es devant moi ma bite tu l'astique
Mes rimes ont trop de sucre tes devenue un fanatique,
Depuis que tu les consommes t'es devenue un diabétique,
La Gamme est fantastique, la gamme elle fait du fric,
Si t'es pas content on prend toi et toute ta click
J'suis pas un mec qui fait des critiques
Je fait des rimes en "ique" c'est devenue mon tique,

Grâce à ma force de frappe appelle moi Roberto Carlos,
Grâce à ma force de frappe dans le rap appelle moi L'Iliquiens Bastos
Grâce à ma force dans le crime, appelle moi Jack Mesrine,
La gamme de tous les blogs, tu sais bien on a plus de temps à perdre
Tu veux me tester alors que ton rappe il pue la merde
Audi 4, on bicrave des douilles, la Katsuki trop violent du blancs partout,
Un jour je bloque, bloque, qu'avec mon équipe de choc, choc
Nous on rappe après les points qui est trop stock stock,
Toujours calibré avec mon putain de Glock Glock
Moi j'te nique ta race et ça sera jamais réciproque, -proque
Il est 6 heures du mat' on me réveille à coup de tock, tock
Et après je cours niqué les keufs je les fuck, fuck
La gamme sa fait du biff comme si tu gravé de l'héroïne,
On est recherché de toute la France comme Jack Mesrine,

Kahba mon rap c'est plus que Tyson,
J'tapproche comme l'Anaconda,
J'vise et J'tire
J'te baise et j'te vire
Qui a coupé la barbe bleu,
J'te "bim" et j'te retourne avec un bleu
Notre son sur un CD, Ta vidéo hard sur DVD
Carabine planqué dans le jean
J'écris le corps brulé, des rimes hors sujet, l'esprit torturé
J'veut sur d'la zik, J'veut quitter le Narko Traffique,
J'ai trop abimé ma cage thoracique,
L'apocalypse en vue panoramique
Travaux Patrique, avec des barjos sadiques
Et sera trop tragique, si mes salops rappliquent on s'est que Sarko panique,
Servez la mosaïque, c'est un cadeau d'Afrique

Bienvenue en cité de France
Le Reste est sans importance
J'ai commencé ma carrière de rap en me souhaitant bonne chance, ( X 2 )Pitié, pitié
Fais qu'un jour je tombe
Dans ta flamme ignoble
Aux brulures divines
Pitié, pitié
Dévore moi de tes yeux verts
Et liquéfie mes mains
Qu'elles coulent sur ta chair
Qu'elles te noient à jamais
Dans mon océan souffrant
Qu'elles inondent ton corps
Et ton inviolable abîme
Cartèrent une vague violente et frénétique
J'aimerai entre tes cuisses enfreindre mes limites
Laisse moi me glisser en toi
Et ne plus jamais sortir
Pour mourir dans la joie
Si ça ne te gène pas
Car je suis totalement fou de toi
De ton âme sensuelle
De tes mouvements, de tes fesses
Ô mon étoile éternelle
Jamais, jamais, je n'oublierai ta langue
Ta langue parfumée d'héroïne fatale
Souviens-toi ma belle de ces intenses battements
De mon cœur contre tes seins
Te rouant de coups violents
Oh j'entends tes rêves
Comme un chant millénaire
Comme un cri strident
Aux larmes amères
Attache-moi je t'en prie
Dans ton ardente conscience
Que je suive à jamais
Tes traversées infinies
Laisse moi me glisser en toi
Et ne plus jamais sortir
Pour mourir dans la joie
Si ça ne te gène pas
Car je suis totalement fou de toi
De ton âme sensuelle
De tes mouvements, de tes fesses
Ô mon étoile éternelle
Ne l'attendrai-je jamais
Ton univers enflammé
Et tes lèvres mélodieuses
A la forme gracieuse
Puisse Dieu mes les donner
Lui sait que j'en ai rêvé
En t'appelant je l'ai même rendu sourd
En criant comme un chien nuit et jour
Je suis totalement fou de toi !
De ton âme sensuelle
Des tes mouvements de tes fesses
Ô mon étoile éternelleComme elle est partie, Jim a les nerfs
Jimmy boit du gin dans sa Chrysler
La presqu'île, le boulevard de la mer est con
Comme elle est partie, attention: Jimmy tourne en rond
Hier soir encore, son héroïne
Le serrait si fort en disant "Jim"
Elle était son calmant, son alcool profond
Comme elle est partie, attention: Jimmy tourne pas rond
Jimmy, t'es fort, mais tu pleures
Sur le cuir de ta Chrysler
Là-bas le soleil s'écroule dans la mer
Jimmy, les filles pour le coeur
Comme l'alcool et les revolvers
C'est sauter en l'air
Tomber par terre
Boum!
Depuis deux ans, sûr, Jim bossait fort
Pour que sa starlette bronze en hors-bord
Avec elle, il voulait un bébé, sans rire
Comme elle est partie, attention: Jimmy veut mourir
Jimmy, t'es fort, mais tu pleures
Sur le cuir de ta Chrysler
Là-bas le soleil s'écroule dans la mer
Jimmy, les filles pour le coeur
Comme l'alcool et les revolvers
C'est sauter en l'air
Tomber par terre
Boum!
Jimmy va trop vite, Jimmy pleurniche
Il sent son parfum sur la corniche
Les lacets, le gravier, et, dans l'air du soir
La Chrysler s'envole dans les fougères et les nénuphars
Jimmy s'éveille dans l'air idéal
Le paradis clair d'une chambre d'hôpital
L'infirmière est un ange et ses yeux sont verts
Comme elle lui sourit, attention: Jimmy veut lui plaireÊtre ou ne pas être? Sans faire de langue de bois
Je n'suis ni l'un, ni l'autre. Mais ai-je encore le droit?
Aucune loi terrestre ne me dictera quoi penser
Au vu des paramètres, j'me dit qu'le Diable doit danser
Si le projet arrive à terme, demain sera pire qu'hier
Si j'dois poser un genoux à terre, c'est sur un tapis d'prière
Puisque c'est tout ce qu'il nous reste; nos croyances et la foi
Puisque certains continents connaissent la faim et la soif
L'étoile bleue est un état voyou
J'estimerais votre justice si elle condamne Netanyahu
Non, je n'veux pas fermer les yeux, j'irais me battre jusqu'à la mort
J'fermerais ma gueule, seulement si vous fermez Guantanamo!
Je suis cette France qui vous fait honte, au milieu des tours, ici
Celle que vous avez parqué très loin des lieux touristiques
Puisqu'on s'occupe de la liberté, plus que du poids de l'or
Puisqu'on s'offusque de voir bafouées les valeurs des droits de l'Homme
Où sont nos minutes de silence pour les morts de l'ex Zaïre?
Où sont nos minutes de silence pour Bouna, Zied et Saïd?
Où est notre minute de silence en hommage à Oscar Grant?
La colère gronde ... Qu'adviendra t-il lorsqu'elle sera grande?
Où sont nos minutes de silence pour les victimes de Katrina?
Je n'veux pas d'hypocrisie comme patrimoine
Patriot Act et couvre-feu bientôt présents dans ta zone
3 millions d'imbéciles ... Je suis les 63 autres
Puisqu'on envoie l'armée française coloniser la Lybie
Jouer les justiciers masqués, d'après leur alibi
Puisque le système bancaire n'est qu'une épée de Damoclès
Pour les portes du paradis, ils nous faudra plus qu'un mot clé
Je suis le drame centrafricain, la détresse d'un Rohingya
Le destin d'un enfant soldat piqué à l'héroïne, gars
Je suis le chiffre de la honte sur le taux du peuple
Qui, ce soir, aura recours encore au Resto du Cœur
Puisqu'on défile pour être libre, en jean Diesel et paire de Cortez
Une poignée d'assassins en tête de cortège ...
Combien de charniers silencieux
Combien de fois Tsahal a-t-elle tiré sur des ambulanciers?
Je suis cet historien, sans cesse, taclé par la Presse
Madagascar, en 2015, encore frappé par la Peste
Cette fille venue de l'Est, ignorant la parité
Ce SDF qui, par fierté, refusera la charité ...Endophine endogamique qui me gèle le sang
Je sais tout bas que tu m'aimes encore
Citadine multicolore liée par la sang
Tu sais tout bas que je t'aime aussi fort
Dans l'ombre
Sous ta peau s'est trouvée
Une cellule sombre
Qui veut faire hécatombe
Si jamais on te plombe
De noirs rayons gamma
Je reste avec toi
Endophine endogamique qui me gèle le sang
Tu sais tout bas que je t'aime oh! si fort
Héroïne des anticorps liée par le sang
Je sais tout bas que tu m'aimes encore
Dans l'ombre
Sous ta peau s'est trouvée
Une cellule sombre
Qui veut faire hécatombe
Si jamais on te plombe
De noirs rayons gamma
Je te suis d'un pas
Oui je te suis d'un pas
Oui je te suis d'un pas
(et rends-lui ses ailes)
Creuse ton tunnel
Sous ses aisselles
Et rends-lui ses ailes
Creuse ton tunnel
Sous ses aisselles
Et rends-lui ses ailes
Et tu t'endors contre moi
Dans mon lit bleu et blanc
Et je dors aussi
Mais pour plus longtemps
Dans l'ombre
Sous ta peau s'est trouvée
Une cellule sombreVerse 1
For the escapism
I almost sold my soul
Underneath the bridge
Like a grumpy old troll
Hands pulling below
Inside of gray powdered snow
For those cylindrical capsules
I'd let my last dollar go
My emotions volatile on this potion
I'm irresponsible found my love
Take it in vain easing the pain
From a while ago
Trying to turn my mind new
However minute
My childhood was cool
But liquid in the spoons making my past tolerable
As lonely as I am I wanted to die
I drive on the street
Like she's my only companion
Hurting without her
I'd certainly be deceased hanging
A beast with fangs
Got unleashed anger that's only calm
When that warm needle
Is pushed perfectly thru dirty feeble epidermis on my arm
Gone feeling numb
Like a Pharoah that's slumbering
Eternally in his fine tomb
I actually woke up to nurses
Inside of a white room embalmed
But I'm still in love with Miss Herron
Still glad that I put her on
At least I have her love together we cry
Im gonna stick with you
Chorus
I don't ever want to feel
Like I did that day
Take me to the place I love
Take me all the way
I don't ever want to feel
Like I did that day
Take me to the place I love
Take me all the way (Yeah Yeah)
Verse 2
I tried to step into the light
But it was blinding
Trying to cover up my tracks like a little Danny in the shining
In rehab she left me and it tore me apart
My God you could hear the scar tissue shatter inside of my heart
The same miss
That save me from the abyss
Of the dark
Became my muse
Assisted me with my twisted art
Her thorns sharp and
I'm the rose petal
That fell from its pedestal
Unbearable God witnesses
The frozen princesses couldn't let it go
The interruption of a king
My slim heroines Grin
Taught me that I had even more to lose
Than everything
She kills suffering
She's too good to be true
They want to take my interest
From syringe is but I'm a stick with you
Chorus
I don't ever want to feel
Like I did that day
Take me to the place I love
Take me all the way
I don't ever want to feel
Like I did that day
Take me to the place I love
Take me all the way (yeah yeah)
Bridge
Oh my god I found my love
I gave my kids away
I'm a stick with you
ChorusI don't ever want to feel
Like I did that day
Take me to the place I love
Take me all the way
Under the bridge downtown
Is where I drew some blood
Under the bridge downtown
I could not get enough
Under the bridge downtown
Forgot about my love
Under the bridge downtown
I gave my life away
Verse 3
I'm in the middle of a storm nobody understands burying myself with my own hands
I'm high as Jim Morrison and I feel free
Till I'm dead in the bathtub she staying with me
All I need is a push and a couple cc's
Till my demons inside is are endangered species
She's my priestess and she gives me what this Priest needs
I'm gonna stick with you to I ODHeroes and heroines
Scarcer than they've ever been
So much more to lose than win
The distance never greater
Way back they made history
By flying planes across the sea
Embarking on the odyssey
Put away the danger

Heaven bless the one who flies
Pioneer on frontier skies
The world was dark
And your only mark
Was the light of the Northern star
I imagine what was in your eyes
Seeds of rust and days gone by
Your wings hang in a gallery sky
I wonder how you're flying

Way out on the western plains
Snow drifts high and the dark clouds hang
The Chinooks blow their winds across the mountains
A life that's never safe and dry
Rodeos, riding high
Women and their men get by
On six-guns and white lightning

Heaven bless them on the road
Drifters and their dreams of gold
The world was wide
And the cowboy's soul could span the whole horizon
I imagine what was in your eye
Dust and the dirt under outlaw skies
A piece of land and a stubborn mind
Were the only things worth having

Now they say the moon is dust and ash
California's made of cash
One day those hills to crash
Into the sparkling waters
Rain and snow and sun and wind
You roamed the earth and you spread your wings
And long ago, a hero's dreams
Belonged to all God's creatures

Heaven bless the ones who sleep
The ones who laugh and the ones who weep
Heaven bless the ones who keep
Their bearings strong and certain
And Lord help the fool who said
You better quit while you're ahead
A dreamer's born our a hero's bred
On earth and up in Heaven
Lord help the fool who say
You'd better quit while you're ahead
A dreamer born is a hero bred
On earth and up in HeavenJ'ai avalé ta résine, embrasée dans ma poitrine
Tes effets
Les parfums dans mes narines
De tes cartouches qui se calcinent
Incendiées

Ooh, nicotine
Accro à toi narcotique sans racines
Ooh, nicotine
Car s'il-te-plaît  est mon exil
Indocile

Dans des cendres clandestines
T'as cramé ma foi sous les lignes
De fumée
Encore une traînée héroïne
Brune  ou blonde platine
À tes pieds

Ooh, nicotine
Toxico mal aiguisée comme une lime
Ooh, nicotine
À nue ma langue, mordu par tes canines
Assassine


Ooh, nicotine
Toxico mal aiguisée comme une lime
Ooh, nicotine
L'heure tombe où t'as émané tes toxines
AssassinesHeroes and heroines are scarcer than they've ever been
So much more to lose than win
The distance never greater
Way back when you made history
By flying planes across the sea
Embarking on your odyssey
You put away the danger

Heaven bless the one who flies
A pioneer on frontier skies
The world was dark
And your only mark was the light of the Northern star
I imagine what was in your eyes, the seeds of rust and days gone by
Your wings hang in a gallery sky
I wonder how you're flying

Way out on the western plains
The snow drifts high and the dust wind burns
The Chinooks blow their winds across the mountains
A life that's never safe and dry
Rodeos and riding high
Ladies and their men get by
On six-guns and white lightning

Heaven bless them on the road
Those drifters and their dreams of gold
The world was wide and the cowboy's soul could span the whole horizon
I imagine what was in your eye
The dust and the dirt under outlaw skies
A piece of land and a stubborn mind
Were the only things worth having

Now they say the moon is dust and ash
And California's made of cash
We're waiting for those hills to crash
Into the sparkling waters
Rain and snow and sun and wind
You roamed the earth and you spread your wings
And long ago, my heroes dreams
Belonged to all God's creatures

Heaven bless the ones who sleep
The ones who laugh and the ones who weep
Heaven bless the ones who keep
Their bearings strong and certain
And Lord help the fool who said
You'd better quit while you're ahead
A dreamer born is a hero bred on earth and up in Heaven
And Lord help the fool who said you'd better quit while you're ahead
A dreamer born is a hero bred on earth and up in HeavenSTATEMENT OF THE PRESIDENT OF THE AFRICAN NATIONAL CONGRESS, NELSON MANDELA, AT HIS INAUGURATION AS PRESIDENT OF THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA, UNION BUILDINGS, PRETORIA, MAY 10 1994
Your Majesties, Your Highnesses, Distinguished Guests, Comrades and Friends:
Today, all of us do, by our presence here, and by our celebrations in other parts of our country and the world,confer glory and hope to newborn liberty.
Out of the experience of an extraordinary human disaster that lasted too long, must be born a society of which all humanity will be proud.
Our daily deeds as ordinary South Africans must produce an actual South African reality that will reinforce humanity's belief in justice, strengthen its confidence in the nobility of the human soul and sustain all our hopes for a glorious life for all.
All this we owe both to ourselves and to the peoples of the world who are so well represented here today.
To my compatriots, I have no hesitation in saying that each one of us is as intimately attached to the soil of this beautiful country as are the famous jacaranda trees of Pretoria and the mimosa trees of the bushveld.
Each time one of us touches the soil of this land, we feel a sense of personal renewal. The national mood changes as the seasons change.
We are moved by a sense of joy and exhilaration when the grass turns green and the flowers bloom.
That spiritual and physical oneness we all share with this common homeland explains the depth of the pain we all carried in our hearts as we saw our country tear itself apart in a terrible conflict, and as we saw it spurned, outlawed and isolated by the peoples of the world, precisely because it has become the universal base of the pernicious ideology and practice of racism and racial oppression.
We, the people of South Africa, feel fulfilled that humanity has taken us back into its bosom, that we, who were outlaws not so long ago, have today been given the rare privilege to be host to the nations of the world on our own soil.
We thank all our distinguished international guests for having come to take possession with the people of our country of what is, after all, a common victory for justice, for peace, for human dignity.
We trust that you will continue to stand by us as we tackle the challenges of building peace, prosperity, non-sexism,non-racialism and democracy.
We deeply appreciate the role that the masses of our people and their political mass democratic, religious, women, youth,business, traditional and other leaders have played to bring about this conclusion. Not least among them is my Second Deputy President, the Honourable F.W. de Klerk.
We would also like to pay tribute to our security forces, in all their ranks, for the distinguished role they have played in securing our first democratic elections and the transition to democracy, from blood-thirsty forces which still refuse to see the light.
The time for the healing of the wounds has come.
The moment to bridge the chasms that divide us has come.
The time to build is upon us.
We have, at last, achieved our political emancipation. We pledge ourselves to liberate all our people from the continuing bondage of poverty, deprivation, suffering, gender and other discrimination.
We succeeded to take our last steps to freedom in conditions of relative peace. We commit ourselves to the construction of a complete, just and lasting peace.
We have triumphed in the effort to implant hope in the breasts of the millions of our people. We enter into a covenant that we shall build the society in which all South Africans, both black and white, will be able to walk tall, without any fear in their hearts, assured of their inalienable right to human dignity - a rainbow nation at peace with itself and the world.
As a token of its commitment to the renewal of our country,the new Interim Government of National Unity will, as a matter of urgency, address the issue of amnesty for various categories of our people who are currently serving terms of imprisonment.
We dedicate this day to all the heroes and heroines in this country and the rest of the world who sacrificed in many ways and surrendered their lives so that we could be free.
Their dreams have become reality. Freedom is their reward.
We are both humbled and elevated by the honour and privilege that you, the people of South Africa, have bestowed on us, as the first President of a united, democratic, non-racial and non-sexist South Africa, to lead our country out of the valley of darkness.
We understand it still that there is no easy road to freedom.
We know it well that none of us acting alone can achieve success.
We must therefore act together as a united people, for national reconciliation, for nation building, for the birth of a new world.
Let there be justice for all.
Let there be peace for all.
Let there be work, bread, water and salt for all.
Let each know that for each the body, the mind and the soul have been freed to fulfill themselves.
Never, never and never again shall it be that this beautiful land will again experience the oppression of one by another and suffer the indignity of being the skunk of the world.
Let freedom reign.
The sun shall never set on so glorious a human achievement!
God bless Africa!
Thank you.Als brandende takken rende de meisjes over het Malieveld
Die nacht, hun blote voeten lieten kleine kuiltjes achter in het mos
Die zich vervolgens vulden met water
Het zilvere maanlicht en de wind uit het Oosten
Maakte het onmogelijk om niet naar adem te happen
Hoefgetrappel van edelherten was bij tijd en wijle waar te nemen
Unieke sneeuwvlokjes dwarrelden onder de mantel van de heilge Sint Antonius
Allemaal van boven naar beneden
De hele straat lag bezaaid met zwavelstokjes
De ster van Bethlehem was weer eens zo aanwezig
Dat hij een beetje uit de hemel leek te vallen
R. Kelly lag te ravotten met een paar oud-klasgenoten
Matthijs van Nieuwkerk schuurde zijn zeilboot nog eens op
De drie als laatst overgebleven heroïnejunkies van Nederland
Verzamelden zich rondom een vuurkorf om warm te blijven
Bij het draaien van hun hoofden
Scheurden de zwarte blaren in hun nek open
Lekten ze oranje bloed op de half-bevroren veenklei

Glo-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-ria
In elxcelsis deo
Glo-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-ria
In elxcelsis deo

Ze hadden wel weg willen blijven
Maar de meisjes moesten door
Weg uit de stad, voorbij het licht
Over de berg van de illusies
Rennen, zo lang mogelijk rennen
Totdat de donkerste dagen van het jaar
Alle bravoure hebben weggezogen
Totdat er niets meer van ons over is

Ergens vanuit de verte klinken
Stemmen die ik als geen ander ken
Echo's van herinneringen
Die ik nooit vergeten ben

Glo-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-ria
In elxcelsis deo
Glo-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-ria
In elxcelsis deo

In de buurt van de tempel ploften ze neer
Shout-out naar de Utrechtste heuvelrug
Ze hadden nog wel verder gekund, maar nee
Hier konden ze gaan liggen
En naar de donkere wolken kijken
Alles relativeren, alles vieren
De mensen verdwenen, de dieren gingen mee
Bleef over dat ene woord; zes letters, drie lettergrepen
Niet te begrijpen, niet te vertalen
Niets meer te halen

Glo-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-ria
In elxcelsis deo
Glo-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-ria
In elxcelsis deoDans le port cette nuit-là
Quai des brumes et série noire
Et voilà le cargo
Qui accoste vers le dépôt
De toute part ils arrivent
Des contrebandiers
Des Thaïs en pousse-pousse
Les bandits de la brousse
Le cargo "Mer de Chine"
Est rempli d'heroïne
A Canton, à Macao
L'enfer du jeu dans les tripots
Razzia sur la schnouff
Toutes les polices aux trousses
Razzia sur la schnouff
Toutes les polices aux trousses
Razzia sur la schnouff
Toutes les polices aux trousses
Blancs et jaunes réunis
Rites et vapeurs à l'infini
Sur le quai ils s'activent
A décharger la marchandise
Les bandits, caisse par caisse
Vérifient leur commerce
Le grand maître du jeu
L'insoupçonné Docteur Tseu
Dans la nuit, le va-et-vient
Des pousse-pousse est établi
A l'affût, pas très loin
L'imper espionne de son coin
Razzia sur la schnouff
Toutes les polices aux trousses
Razzia sur la schnouff
Toutes les polices aux trousses
Razzia sur la schnouff
Toutes les polices aux trousses
Au courant du trafic
Téléphone aux narcotiques
Tout autour du dépôt
Prennent place tous nos héros
Tout à coup, de tous les cotés
C'est l'invasion des policiers
Stupéfiant coup de filet
Les bandits sont prisonniers
Docteur Tseu le voyou
Finira sa vie au trou
Et du haut de leur bureau
S'écroulent tous nos héros
Razzia sur la schnouff
Toutes les polices aux trousses
Razzia sur la schnouff
Toutes les polices aux trousses
Razzia sur la schnouff
Toutes les polices aux troussesJe parle pour de vrai, maille pour de vrai
T'entends le bruit du fer, tu sais que c'est un vrai
Les billets dans mon clip, frère sont des vrais
Gangster en grand boubou, ça aussi c'est vrai
Dakar pharmacie, bosse pour de vrai plus de 100 000 albums, vendus pour de vrai
Les rares de ma cité racaillent pour de vrai
Joue pas les och' ici, tu meurs pour de vrai
En avance sur mon temps, je suis un prématuré
Plein de sang en Afrique, je suis un enfant mort-né
Elucider le mystère, de quelques négros suspects
Comme Moïse au Mont Sinaï frérot je viens te guider
Passant par la Casamance, et le Bois Sacré
Maquisards et rebelles, sud sénégalais
Trafiquants en tout genre, héroïne et cc
Pas un métier dans le crime, qu'on a pas exercé frère!

On vit dans des réserves, parqués comme des animaux
On veut de la viande fraîche, pas des haricots
Dakar libre-échange, recel et contrebande
Les corones pleines, nique le reste du monde

Viens apprendre l'Islam, je ne suis pas un exemple
N'écoute pas mon pe-ra, boy écoute les imams
Prêcher dans le rap, déjà c'est haram, à part les rues de Dakar, je pourrais rien t'apprendre
C'est la famille mon négro, au royaume des lionceaux
Psychopathe comme Hannibal, dans le Silence Des Agneaux
J'entends l'air dans ma cage, laisse la gorge trouée
Je m'en bas les couilles si après, l'Etat voudra m'écrouer
Maintenant ils veulent m'expulser puisque je dis la vérité
Devant le palais de justice, m'humilier me traîner
Ils vont jusqu'à collaborer, avec les traîtres de la cité
Qui jouent les gangsters, mais le soir vont tapiner
Devant les keufs c'est pas du bluff, ouais négro ils donnent leur 'ssef
Pour une poignet de dollar, balance le nom de ton reuf'
J'irais faire ma peine, j'irais cracher ma haine, en ? ou dans les rues de Cayenne
Frère !

On vit dans des réserves, parqués comme des animaux
On veut de la viande fraîche, pas des haricots
Dakar libre-échange, recel et contrebande
Les corones pleines, nique le reste du mondeAmateur de bijoux, de caisses volés, billets violets
Casino et canons sciés, rolex
Décroche le téléphone, "Allô?"
Elle te raconte sa vie et rêve de brunch à l’hôtel
L'addition sera salée, elle va avaler, j'ai l'intuition
Quand elles sont chaudes, tu connais la cuisson
Qu'à l'hiver ça se Fendi et Moschino, t'annonce la couleur
Du fil sans avoir le synopsis
Si nos fils s'identifient à de mauvais négros
On r'file le bébé puis silence 
Touche pas à ses billets, ils t'appartiennent pas
Rien à foutre de l'herbe, lui il coupera les pieds
C'est qu'une histoire de moteur, de voitures allemandes
D'Uzi israélien, le matériel est globe-trotter
Qui finira dans les mains d'un négro
Du sang sur les chaussures et des empreintes sur un mégot
 x3
Si tes gosses écoutent le crime paie
Tu leurs diras que c'est faux et lui il mettra replay
Seul le crime paie...

Sort le club de golf et s'transforme en héros
Investit les billets, qui se transforment en héroïne
Tous les jours Halloween dans la cité, elle croit
BM assortie à paire de TN, j'vois qu'il a du soucis à s'faire
Il va tirer dans la foule et reviendra 
Blanc comme neige, poudre aux yeux et gros caïd, c'est marrant
Il en vend à ta sœur et à tes parents
Si tes gosses écoutent le crime paie
Tu leurs diras que c'est faux et lui il mettra replay
Auprès des grognasses, le pimp plait
La sœur de Ace a lustré Calvin pour ses grosse liasses
Se couche avec des idées, de sérieux métaux
Juste un minimum de bon sens pour se lever tôt
Depuis que le diable s'habille en sportswear
Pour reluquer son cul je lui tiens la porte frère
Si tes gosses écoutent le crime paie
Tu leurs diras que c'est faux et lui il mettra replay
Seul le crime paie, pour aller en prison
Faire du 0 à 100 pour avoir le bison
Si tes gosses écoutent le crime paie
Tu leurs diras que c'est faux et lui il mettra replay
Seul le crime paie...

Eh, dis pas à demain, mec, dis pas à demain
J'ai dit à mercredi, arrête de vouloir inventer des trucs
Moi je veux pas te voir demain, je t'ai dit mercredi
Eh arrête d'abuserWe're not heroes and heroines
We're not here to save you
We do not care about you
We don't do this for you
We're self-obsessed, self-absorbed, self-destructive
And we are everywhere
Do not mess with usT'es comme une vague
Immensément là
Déferlante du large
Océan sur moi
Ne reste que l'écume de nos jours
Ne reste qu'un écho sourd
Au fond, près du corail et des poissons
Au fond, j'ai perdu la raison

Chaos sur la plage
Far away, far away
Noyée sous l'amour et l'orage
Far away (far away), far away

T'es le monstre roi
Au creux de l'abîme
Emportant sa proie
Dans le bleu marine
Ne reste que l'écume de nos jours
Ne reste qu'un écho sourd
Au fond, près du corail et des poissons
Au fond, j'ai perdu la raison

Chaos sur la plage
(Sur la plage)
Far away, far away
Noyée sous l'amour et l'orage
Far away (far away), far away

Bête à pleurer, bête à pleurer
C'était écrit que tu voudrais me noyer sous tes baisers
J'suis l'héroïne d'une histoire bête à pleurer, bête à pleurer
J'ai bu la tasse et j'me sens bête à pleurer, bête à pleurer

Chaos sur la plage
Far away, far away
Noyée sous l'amour et l'orage
Far away (far away), far away

Bête à pleurer, bête à pleurer
C'était écrit que tu voudrais me noyer sous tes baisers
J'suis l'héroïne d'une histoire bête à pleurer, bête à pleurer
J'ai bu la tasse et j'me sens bête à pleurer, bête à pleurerSandra s'endort la tête entre les mains
Elle rêve diva s'éloigne de loin en loin
Elle se voit; héroïne hollywoodienne
Petite poupée de la nuit américaine
Oooh oooh la nuit américaine
Fantôme au long du fond noir arraché
Ces joues vers l'intérieur sont creusées
C'est une vieille technique à l'ancienne qui traîne
Un vieux secret de la nuit américaine
Oooh oooh la nuit américaine
Le décor s'entortille et se traîne
Dans le bleu sacré de la nuit américaine
Oooh oooh la nuit américaineJe me souviens c'était hier
Et ce chemin couvert de pierres
Je m'en souviens c'était dimanche
Mes habits s'accrochaient aux branches
Et sur le mur courrait le lierre
Comme une ombre sur tes paupières
Je me rappelle ta peau blanche
Et puis les courbes de tes hanches

(La la la la la la)
Tout là haut sur la colline
Moi j'étais ton héros et moi ton héroïne
(La la la la la la)
Tout là haut sur la colline
On se tenait la main comme dans les films
(La la la la la la)
Tout là haut sur la colline

À nos pieds s'étendait la mer
Oui à nos pieds la terre entière
Au loin le monde se couchait
Mais pour nous la vie commençait
Je me souviens mon doux trésor
De ce ciel qui se couvrait d'or
C'était notre premier baiser
Dessus l'horizon irisé

(La la la la la la)
Tout là haut sur la colline
Moi j'étais ton héros et toi mon héroïne
(La la la la la la)
Tout là haut sur la colline
On se tenait la main comme dans les films
(La la la la la la)
Tout là haut sur la colline
On s'écrivait des poèmes à l'encre de chine
Tout là haut sur la colline
(La la la la la la)An excess rules everything I do
So tell me how can I be more like you
Cause all of this don't seem to bother you
So tell me how can I be more like you
The lights are on but nobody's home
If I'm mad well then my mouth foam
Cover my transportation in chrome, under the sky dome
Pegasus flown over my skeletal features
But an opaque anatomy is all I'll ever be, for none to see
The lights are on but nobody's home
If I'm mad, well them my mouth foam
Cover my transportation in chrome
Under the sky dome
Pegasus flown over my skeletal features
But an opaque anatomy is all I'll ever be
For none to see
A numb teacher holding a counselling position
Posture remaining unchristian, slouching down so low I'm missing
Caverns and taverns where I sought my refuge
Stood in the foyer of the brothel
Messing with sin, gripping a bottle
How many times I sat up in the night sky
Craving to die, wanting to fly, knowing this was all a lie
The Succubus French-kissed me in the orifice
Complex as Oedipus left in my mouth a taste of distrust
Lust for flesh and bone, but ain't no angels in the dust
Ain't no heroines in opium, word up I scoped 'em
There ain't no answers, this is all random evolution
Best check the chemicals in your solution, you might be prostitutin'
An excess rules everything I do
So tell me how can I be more like you
Cause all of this don't seem to bother you
So tell me how can I be more like you
Why is everything so technical, got me thinking mechanical
Puffing on them botanicals, every second so critical
Bored with the human language, anguish beat on my mental
Fuckin' with chemicals, sick as the appetites of cannibals
Far away they shoot a laser from a computer
It ricochets off of satellite panels to a missile silo in Cuba
Eyes behold catastrophe, foreseen by Nostradamus
The prophets peep the millennium, age of the broken promise
More religions than park pigeons, the poor envy the rich and
Monetary decisions make pessimistic the vision
It's like the whole planet went off of the deep end while I was sleepin'
Men be leaping off ledges when their women leave for the weekend
The mind's an asylum dialing help lines repeatedly
Pushing garbage down and putting more in so greedily
In the head of irate Babylonians
Everything is what it is, even when it's not
An excess rules everything I do
So tell me how can I be more like you
Cause all of this don't seem to bother you
So tell me how can I be more like you
An excess rules everything I do
So tell me how can I be more like you
Cause all of this don't seem to bother you
So tell me how can I be more like youHé cheveux longs, quel est ton nom ?
Dieu, je te voyais plus vieux
Es-tu celui du bon, es-tu celui du mal
Dans ce monde en cavale ton rôle de mâle idéal
On prétend que tu peux tout faire
Donner l'amour, faire la guerre
La guerre doit être plus facile
Faites pour les âmes dociles
Ton pouvoir doit être immense
Tous ces gens qui tombent en transe
Tous ces pauvres qui idolâtrent
De pauvres statuettes de plâtre
A mes yeux t'es un héros à la recherche d'héroïne
Et tu dilapides ton ingéniosité
A séduire l'âme rebelle
Pour aussitôt l'humilier
La haine et le temps se sont consultés
Seras-tu à la hauteur dans ton linceul de blancheur
Dans cette lutte au coude à coude
Aurais-tu trouvé ta reine dans la poudre
Ton pouvoir doit être immense
Tous ces gens qui tombent en transe
Tous ces pauvres qui idolâtrent
De pauvres statuettes de plâtre
Quand même on se pose des questions
Aurais-tu trahi ton passé par compromissionThey had turkey wing fans
And they felt kind of elegant
Nothing to do but just sit there
Wanted them to walk by him
The way they would
Pass by a person asking for
Money in an alley
They not only wrote like him
They also walked with his rolling slouch
Drank like his heroes and heroines
Cultivated a hard-boiled melancholy
And he writes slowly in longhand
Possibly forty lines a day rhymes
They had turkey wing fans
And they felt kind of elegant
Nothing to do but just sit there
Wanted them to walk by him
The way they would
Pass by a person asking for
Money in an alley
But it is, an alleyBerlusconi
Négros savent que j'dérape
Grand dictateur
J'suis pas là pour débattre, nan nan
Tous les jours chill dans le bando
S/o Kikz Kaki, gro-né
Tous les soirs c'est dans le Benzo
J'veux voir tous mes négros dans les Benzo
J'veux voir tous mes négros dans les Benzo

J'veux ma blackmobile
J'ai la 'tasse mobile
Regardez ma bitch, comment on drill
Bando là où mes négros vivent
Consomme nos merdes comme des scatophiles
Produits chimiques comme ton héroïne
667, 1017
Premier clan de néo-négroïdes
On les fouette en express avec impolitesse
Troisième jambe dans ses fesses
Si j'me fais une Allemande dans une BM
Aurai-je droit à la Mercedes ?
On les laisse boycotter
Pour vesqui bitchs juste des pas d'coté
Gangsta s/o XXX, j'bibi
Monsieur l'agent veut nous faire mette sur bas-coté

Berlusconi
Négros savent que j'dérape
J'mets la soupape, grand dictateur
Négro, j'suis pas là pour débattre, nan nan
Tous les jours chill dans le bando
S/o Kikz Kaki, gro-né
Tous les soirs c'est dans les Benzo
J'veux voir tous mes négros dans les Benzo
J'veux voir tous mes négros dans les Benzo
Dakar blood coule dans les veines, gros
Tous les jours chill dans le bando
J'veux voir tous mes négros dans les Benzo

Contrôle, frappe aérienne
Depuis l'ordi
Dites-leur qu'on veut l'or, bitch
Dans la traphouse avec Jorrdee
Tu devrais nous féliciter
J'suis de Dakar, gro-né pas d'ta cité
Fout l'électricité
Pour nous plébisciter, paye ta publicité
Norsacce fils
Norsa'tellite, sont pas terribles, nan nan
Arrête le rap
Si tu l'fais pas pour toi, pense à tes rimes
Dans nos bails de squa' shit
667, on changera pas l'plan
On suit la tactique

Berlusconi
Négros savent que j'dérape
J'mets la soupape, grand dictateur
Négro, j'suis pas là pour débattre, nan nan
Tous les jours chill dans le bando
S/o Kikz Kaki, gro-né
Tous les soirs c'est dans les Benzo
J'veux voir tous mes négros dans les Benzo
J'veux voir tous mes négros dans les Benzo
Dakar blood coule dans les veines, gros
Tous les jours chill dans le bando
J'veux voir tous mes négros dans les BenzoJ'ai toujours voulu faire ce qui me passait à l'esprit
Mon tableau vient de se peindre, Lucas corrige le tout au White Spirit
En ce moment j'écris Super 8 sur Paris
Faut que je prenne les devants, le taureau par les cornes, le culot par les couilles
Maman s'inquiète de mon passe-temps, il rapporte peu
L'émotion prend je n'ai plus de phases pour finir la rime en eu
Et c'est récurant de parler d'euros, héroïque d'après mes frères
Je veux pas rentrer dans la sphère piquée à l’héroïne
J'ai du mal à écrire, syndrome de Barton Fink
À deux doigts de faire une une dépression mais je garde toujours le cap
Le troisième doigt est levé pour le rap
C'est sado vu qu'à cause de lui j'suis pornstar
Les anciens amis veulent revenir au quart de tour
Les salopes font des créneaux pour me voir
La nuit dernière je me suis tapé cette latina aux formes portoricaines
Je m’élançais tel un Kenyan
Le lendemain je tre-ren
Vu que mon projet court, la montre tourne : pas le temps
C'est bizarre et j'ai tricar que les salopes sont dans le Show Biz
Mon hobby par moment, je suis un ovni dans cette tourmente, la télé vient vous mentir
Romain, comme un conseiller, me dit qu'on peut tous grandir
Médite sur ton avenir car je crois en toi
Bébé j'ai la sensation d'être Avenger
Je suis le roi de mon royaume vous êtes mes challengers
Je m’expose devant la foule avec ma foudre magiqueHospital bed, all white in my eyes. You see the doubt in my eyes
I'm not to far gone. I see you there for me. You fall asleep inside my mind. Don't you lie don't you
I'm not far from what you want me to be. Hospital room oh it's heroine in my sleepOh je vis dans un mois de juillet
Sous-titré pathétique
Ou des héroïnes en anglais
??? Romantique
Oh je sors en chialant des cinés
Puis je cours rue montlosier
Donner mon sang pour l’Afrique
Je vis une journée d'ennui
Je te cherche et je m'ennuie
Je vis une journée d'ennui
Je traîne et je m'ennuie
Quand les écrans sont vidés
De tous poils de toutes griffes
L'éléphant blanc est déchaîné
Mon bouton doré l’excite
Oh je sors en hurlant des cinés
Puis je cours rue montlosier
Donner mon sang pour l’Afrique
Je vis une journée d'ennui
Je traîne et je m'ennuie
Je vis une journée d'ennui
Je te cherche et je m'ennuie
Je vis une journée d'ennui (x9)
Mon héroïne, héroïne

Entre valium et ecstasy
Mais dis moi qui va me sauver ?
Depuis que j'ai perdu Amandine
Moi je sais même plus où aller
Faudrait que j'calme un peu les bars
Faudrait que je speed un peu moins aux novocaïnes
C'est pas que je sois vraiment fêtard
C'est juste qu'il me manque
Mon héroïne

Amandine, Amandine

Même plus envie de me révolter
Même plus envie de baiser mon chien
Et le monde peut bien cramer
Ca ne me ferait plus rien
J'ai perdu l'amour de ma vie
J'ai perdu mon ange mon bébé
Mais depuis que t'es plus dans mon lit
J'ai plus que des balles à me tirer
 (x2)
Amandine, Amandine

Et ce putain de monde peut bien cramer
Et les drogues peuvent bien me faire planer
Jamais je ne crèverai sans toi
Et ce putain de monde peut bien cramer
Et les drogues peuvent bien me faire planer
Jamais je ne crèverai sans toi
Jamais je ne crèverai sans toi
 (x3)
Mon héroïne, héroïneSay... non...
Tu saignes
Un signe
Ah !
Là
Juste un signe
Hallucine
Héroïne
Je sais
Sacrifiés
Les poisons
Nous
Juste un signe
T'illumine
Héroïne
Je sais
Sacrifiés
Les dragons
Non !
Et je m'en vais
Je disparais
Tu veux me voir
Un peu trop tard
Et je m'en vais
Je disparais
Trop tard
Pa-pa-pa-pa-pa
Tu sais
Juste une nuit
A l'abri
Réfléchis
Tu vois
Du cristal
Qui s'étale
Dans tes veines
Eh !
Et je m'en vais
Je disparais
Tu veux me voir
Un peu trop tard
Et je m'en vais
Je disparais
Trop tard
Pa-pa-pa-pa-pa
Pa-pa-pa-pa-pa
Pa-pa-pa-pa-pa
Pa-pa-pa-pa-pa
Pa-pa-pa-pa-pa
Pa-pa-pa-pa-paYou may have to run to come to this
Don't catch your minds wrist
Oh, my god is deliver your children from adults
Only our prophets and heroines
Won't bring you a normalcy
Break your heart just a wide enough to lie
This is a discipline of deep water
I am not the queen of anyone
Fuck later on
Who really are you without story to start you?
Hands in the fire until
He make your iron I will
Free, free, don't believe in
This is one for new love fall-falling
Afraid to not to kiss you on the mouth
Hold your hands out
Fires there brings into knife like the air
When pleasure hurts you more than anything
I'm the one and the whispering her cheaper
Stop your mind just for long enough to stray
This is the only hold of every partQue sont-elles devenues
Les amours en vacance
Les haleines hollywood
Les amis du lycée
Avalaient la fumée
Où sont-ils envolés ?
Dans le ventre des filles
C'est pas le temps qui passe
C'est la vie qui nous dépasse
Dans le ventre des filles
On projette en sourdine
Un dernier tango
Que sont-elles devenues ?
Les mobylettes flinguées
Les premières boîtes de nuit
De quand on a quinze ans
Quand on vivait le temps
Où rien n'était docile
Que sont-elles devenues ?
Les pin-ups des flippers
Dis dans quel estuaire
Les virées à la mer
Quand on sauvait la terre
Quand on sauvait la terre
Dans le ventre des filles
C'est pas le temps qui passe
C'est la vie qui nous dépasse
Dans le ventre des filles
On projette en sourdine
Un dernier tango
Que sont-elles devenues ?
Les promesses et les vies
Qu'on a rêvées un jour
Je les retrouverai dans le fond du grenier
De mes papilles dans le ventre des filles...
Un dernier tango
Purple profonde sur le gange
De la fumée sur les os
Des fleurs de lune sur le change
Qui fond froid dans le dos
J'me tape des bangs à bangkok
De la ganja sur le gange
En marrakech express
J'chasse le dragon à saigon
J'deviens vietcong sur le mékong
Je plane sur le vietnam
Je me douche au napalm
J'envoie des cartes postales
Je vois des mers en rouge
Je deviens communiste
Sous des ventilateurs
Je me prends pour Brando
Le couteau dans les dents
Je traverse le fleuve
Je joue aux roulettes russes
J'attends qu'il pleuve
Voyage au bout de soi
Je pense à mes quinze ans
Et si je restais là
Est-ce qu'elles se souviendraient
Le goût de l'héroïne
Que j'aimais au temps
Où j'aimais quelque chose
Le goût de mon héroïne
Que j'aimais avant
Quand j'aimais quelque chose
Ouais j'ai le bluesJe t'ai croqué, j'en ai encore des bouts d'chair entre les dents
Des traces de sang sur les gencives
J'ai taché ton pull
Ta mère va t'engueuler sur ta sépulture
Pendant que j'me ferai limer l'émaille par mon dentiste
Suce mon zob, pédale de vampire !
Même dans la mort, tes problèmes s'empirent
Proche de la Faucheuse : "6K-Davre"; oui j'en suis !
Juste pour chasser l'ennui
Regarde dans mes poches, aucune pièce, j'suis fauché c'est logique !
6K paaasse sous la lune
Le vent souffle, le sang gicle
Je t'ai killé sur low beat
Cache ta tête sous la carapace
Pas la peine de t'carapater j'cours trop vite
Et pas d'cataracte :
C'est juste mon visage sous l'ombre de la squette-ca !
Aucun rapport entre mes phrases
J'te rappelle que l'Delta c'est l'trio Luffy, Law, Kid
Méfie-toi de l'eau qui dort, dérange pas l'accro qui tire sur son splif
Tu révises ton spitch, pendant que j' improvise en jouant avec bouton pitch
Je t'enlève des bouts d'ongles ça fait "scritch"
Coule le long de ton doigt, sur l'plancher ça fait "splitch"
Tes espoirs s'affaiblissent
Se terminent quand ils virent un visage, dans l'miroir, tout blanchi comme dans Bleach
Mais pourquoi est-il si méchant (mouahahah) ?
C'est pas sorcier :
Ecoute "Yoru", j'suis bre-som tout s'explique
Essaye de m'buter, je m'en bats lèc' dans un siècle j'ressuscite
Essaye de m'buter, je m'en bats lèc' dans un siècle j'ressuscite
Dans un siècle j'ressuscite

Tous ceux qui voulaient que j'm'éteigne
N'ont fait que raviver les flammes
En soufflant sur mes braises
Donc depuis j'crache le feu
Comme les dragons d'la Khaleesi
Car j'veux le trône de platine avant la calvitie
Tous ceux qui voulaient que j'me taise
N'ont fait que raviver les flammes
En soufflant sur mes braises
Donc depuis j'crache le feu
Comme les dragons d'la Khaleesi
Car j'veux le trône de platine avant la calvitie

La brume se dissipe
Laisse entrevoir la blancheur de mon teint
La saleté d'mon fort intérieur
Appelez l'armée !
Car le white trash MXWGLI pousse des crises à la Tetsuo
Pousse des crises à la Tetsuo
Tête sous l'eau car l'rap c'est mes branchies
Mon pare-balle élémentaire
Tête nue sous une pluie de bastos
J'en fais d'la frigolite comme l'élu
L'enfer le frigo vide quand faut des thunes
Mon katana mon stylo-bic
Bientôt dans l'cathéter de l’héroïne comme Jimmy
Enterrez-moi dans l'Aokigahara
Que Fûjin fasse trembler les arbres
Qu'ils se nourrissent d'mon cadavre par les racines
Vise le soupir d'extase quitte à t'attacher les chevilles (han)
Vite je supprime ces images de mon disque dur de souvenir
La drogue est acide, l'alcool est magique, la somme est facile
Je m'adonne à la magie car dense est la matrice
Les pupilles comme des planètes, j'danse au-dessus d'vos têtes
Pense à ses courbes en regardant son portrait
Préparez-vous à la frappe de Laputa
Crystal autour du cou, ta maman la puta
Crystal autour du cou

Tous ceux qui voulaient que j'm'éteigne
N'ont fait que raviver les flammes
En soufflant sur mes braises
Donc depuis j'crache le feu
Comme les dragons d'la Khaleesi
Car j'veux le trône de platine avant la calvitie
Tous ceux qui voulaient que j'me taise
N'ont fait que raviver les flammes
En soufflant sur mes braises
Donc depuis j'crache le feu
Comme les dragons d'la Khaleesi
Car j'veux le trône de platine avant la calvitie

J'mettrai bien les inconnus quand j'aurai mis à l'abri mes proches
Quand j'aurai plus de thunes que pour quelques bierra
Plus un dix dans les poches
Tu m'connais pas j'te donne un indice
Appelle-moi El Diabs ou Vand'enr
Toujours dans des bails sombres comme Vador
A la naissance on m'a dit "fils c'est difficile de mener une vie saine quand c'est pas toi qui tire les ficelles"
Donc je bosse dur pour avoir un édifice à l'effigie du Delta
Trois chevaliers de l'Apocalypse, nique les Chevaliers du Zodiaque
Si je viens des cieux alors pourquoi ai-je ce teint pâle ?
Ici tout s'achète pas seulement les sachets ou les seins d'cette tain-pu, sans blague
Attiré par la thune, ton pote peut te schlasser pour cent balles
Petit, j'me suis demandé pourquoi on s’entre-tue
Plus tard j'ai compris que l'Homme était mauvais
On fait juste semblant devant nos semblables pour paraître respectables devant l'assemblée
La vérité c'est qu'on est tous coupables
Qu'est-ce qu'on ferait pas pour avoir c'que la vie nous a pas donné ?
Mais j'suis un branleur, prends ma queue à deux mains, remets tout à demain
D'toute façon j'ai la tête d'mes démons à couper
Mais chaque fois que j'le fais, elle repousse en double comme l'Hydre de Lerne (comme l'Hydre de Lerne)
Donc je m'enferme et je fume de l'herbe
J'sais plus c'qui est l'mieux
Ou bien ne rien faire ou bien faire de la merde (oh shit)
Porn lyricale
Quand j'pose un couplet, dans tes oreilles t'entendras ma voix avec la prod s'accoupler

Avec la prod s'accoupler
Avec la prod s'accoupler
Ta maman la puta
Ta maman la putaMakes him a winner
Standing in the dark just out of sight
Checks his collar
Wondering who will he be tonight?
Haunted
Some people can be so sure of their hearts
Haunted
Same people can be so wrong for the part
Men in movies
Cast no shadows in the light
Frame by frame
Heroines caught in black and white
Haunted
Some people can be so sure of their hearts
Haunted
Same people are so wrong
Fact or fiction
Dangerous to lose sight of the line
These moving pictures
Still moving but running out of time
Haunted
Some people can be so sure of their hearts
Haunted
Same people are so wrong
Haunted
Some people can be so sure of their hearts
Haunted
Same people are so wrongTwo, three, four

Meet me in the hallway, meet me in the hallway
I just left your bedroom, give me some morphine
Is there any more to do?

Just let me know, I'll be at the door, at the door
Hoping you'll come around
Just let me know I'll be on the floor, on the floor
Maybe we'll work it out
I gotta get better, gotta get better
I gotta get better, gotta get better
I gotta get better, gotta get better
And maybe we'll work it out

I walked the streets all day, running with the thieves
'Cause you left me in the hallway (Give me some more)
Just take the pain away

Just let me know, I'll be at the door, at the door
Hoping you'll come around
Just let me know, I'll be on the floor, on the floor
Maybe we'll work it out
I gotta get better, gotta get better
I gotta get better, gotta get better
I gotta get better, gotta get better
And maybe we'll work it out

We don't talk about it, it's something we don't do
'Cause once you go without it, nothing else will doIf you ever leave me, baby
Leave some morphine at my door
'Cause it would take a whole lot of medication
To realize what we used to have
We don't have it anymore
There's no religion that could save me
No matter how long my knees are on the floor, oh
So keep in mind all the sacrifices I'm making
To keep you by my side
To keep you from walking out the door

'Cause there'll be no sunlight
If I lose you, baby
There'll be no clear skies
If I lose you, baby
Just like the clouds
My eyes will do the same if you walk away
Everyday, it'll rain
Rain, rain

I'll never be your mother's favorite
Your daddy can't even look me in the eye
Ooh, if I was in their shoes, I'd be doing the same thing
Saying, "There goes my little girl
Walking with that troublesome guy"
But they're just afraid of something they can't understand
Ooh, but little darling watch me change their minds
Yeah, for you I'll try, I'll try, I'll try, I'll try
And pick up these broken pieces till I'm bleeding
If that'll make you mine

'Cause there'll be no sunlight
If I lose you, baby
There'll be no clear skies
If I lose you, baby
Just like the clouds
My eyes will do the same if you walk away
Everyday, it'll rain
Rain, rain

Ooh, don't you say (Don't you say)
Goodbye (Goodbye)
Don't you say (Don't you say)
Goodbye (Goodbye)
I'll pick up these broken pieces till I'm bleeding
If that'll make it right

'Cause there'll be no sunlight
If I lose you, baby
And there'll be no clear skies
If I lose you, baby
And just like the clouds
My eyes will do the same if you walk away
Everyday, it'll rain
Rain, rainShakedown 1979
Cool kids never have the time
On a live wire right up off the street
You and I should meet
Junebug skippin' like a stone
With the headlights pointed at the dawn
We were sure we'd never see an end
To it all

And I don't even care
To shake these zipper blues
And we don't know
Just where our bones will rest
To dust I guess
Forgotten and absorbed
Into the earth below

Double-cross the vacant and the bored
They're not sure just what we have in store
Morphine city slippin' dues
Down to see

That we don't even care
As restless as we are
We feel the pull
In the land of a thousand guilts
And poured cement

Lamented and assured
To the lights and towns below
Faster than the speed of sound
Faster than we thought we'd go
Beneath the sound of hope

Justine never knew the rules
Hung down with the freaks and ghouls
No apologies ever need be made
I know you better than you fake it
To see

That we don't even care
To shake these zipper blues
And we don't know
Just where our bones will rest
To dust I guess
Forgotten and absorbed
Into the earth below

The street heats the urgency of now
As you see there's no one aroundIf you're talkin' the hardest
Giggs better pop up in your thoughts as an artist (Jheeze)
Taunting the market
Everybody wants to know where Walk in da Park is (Hah)
Walk in the party, sporting Armani
Half of the crowd's all snorting my Charlie
Sorted the bar, time to sort the punani
Chicks looking at me like "Talk to me darling" (Jheeze)
Hollering at man
Winking, smiling and wanna attack man
I think these lighties loving my Black Gang
Everyone's suit same colour as Batman's (Ooh)
Flipping like a quarter a brick (Yeah)
Bag 28 with a thought of a jib (Yeah)
Anybody thinks they can talk to my clique
Will end up covered in red like a portion of chips (Umm)
Pour me a drink
Big fur jacket, that's the thoughts of a pimp (Yeah)
I used to be quiet, did that sort anything?
So I had to run riot when I bought me a ting
Walk with my ting, peddling morphine
Dem times dere, I was licking out more green
Skip couple years, '07 the story
Now I'm Hollowman in some heavy Dior jeans (Umm)
Bitch niggas lookin' for glory (Yeah)
Wanna beef me so they can tell you a story (Yeah)
It'll get bloody and it'll get gory
Clapped in the neck like Amanda in Saw 3 (Jheez)
Yeah I got my suttin' deh pon me (Yeah)
So much straps I'll have a weaponry orgy (Ooh)
Feds try nick me for a murder
But it could've been the man that had the weapon before me
B, white, green, I been peddling all three
Dropped P a box, it was just under 4G (Jheeze)
I told her weigh the 10s at 2 grams (Hmm)
And weigh the 8ths about 4g
Badman's on the block (Yeah)
Spender, Young Giggs, Mantis and Rockz (Rockz)
TB, Tinie, Carlton and Jim Jones
Holding it down while they handle the clock (My niggas)
Pussyholes got my mandem on lock (Lock)
Straps, we handle a lot
Clapped your mandem and what?
Me and you are cool but you can stand there and watch
My PYGs will put their hands on your watch (Yeah)
Be easy, I'll put your mans in a box (Yeah)
Young Lap, TB, JJ and Shockz
I treat my little niggas like fam, not a boss (Umm)
All my mandem are hot (Yeah, yeah)
But your mandem are washed (Haha)
Beat couple shots and you ran to the cops
Big .45, they couldn't handle the shock (Haha)
I talk about that handgun a lot (Why?)
But that one, Hollowman handles a lot (Yeah, jheez)
All the Black Gang fam are handled a lot (Lot, yeah)
Me and Foss bagging up grams at the spot (Yeah)
Shots in my grind gear, jumped in my vehicle
All gassed up, now I'mma slang me a rock (Umm)
Hollowman handles his job
Feds on the ground, helicopters on top
Beautiful women wanna dock to my cot (Jheez)
A beautiful woman wouldn't stop getting cock
Ahh shitI wish that I had known in that first minute we met
The unpayable debt that I owed you
Because you'd been abused by the bone that refused you
And you hired me to make up for that

Walking in that room when you had tubes in your arms
Those singing morphine alarms out of tune
Kept you sleeping and even
And I didn't believe them when they called you a hurricane thunderclap

When I was checking vitals I suggested a smile
You didn't talk for a while, you were freezing
You said you hated my tone, it made you feel so alone
And so you told me I ought to be leaving

But something kept me standing by that hospital bed
I should have quit, but instead, I took care of you
You made me sleep and uneven
And I didn't believe them when they told me that there was no saving youSeventeen, running from innocence
Like it's a lion
Nipping at my heels
But I'm young, so I outrun 'em
Jailbait baby, hunting men in their twenties
Cupid's shooting arrows
But I'm cold, so I outgun him
Bad boy talking fast, talking dirty
He tells me that I'm hot
So I tell him that I love him

And he says, "Girls your age
Never mean what they say"
I've got a renegade heart
And it's screaming his name
But then it beats like
You've got time to kill
Baby, don't go jump the gun
Live fast while you're young, honey
Don't go chasing love, chasing love

Twenty-one, throwin' back revelry
Like it's morphine
Thought I knew what I wanted
I never saw you coming
Black suit, looking sharp
With your dark eyes
He loves my imperfections
So I tell him that I love him
Bad boy talking fast, talking dirty
He tells me that I'm hot
So I tell him that I love him

And he says, "Girls your age
Never mean what they say"
I've got a renegade heart
And it's screaming his name
But then it beats like
You've got time to kill
Baby, don't go jump the gun
Live fast while you're young, honey
Don't go chasing love, chasing love
And he says, "Girls your age
Never mean what they say"
I've got a renegade heart
And it's screaming his name
But then it beats like
You've got time to kill
Baby, don't go jump the gun
Live fast while you're young, honey
Don't go chasing love, chasing love
Chasing love
Chasing love
Chasing love
Chasing loveEverything in dust
Do you see?
Well, well, well
Everything in lust
Oh, what do you see?
Well, well, well
Someone tell me whether life is pain
Well, well
If there is a God, tell me whether life is happiness

The world is a giant system
In it, either opposition, war, or survival is inserted
Life that we can't refuse
With dreams as its collateral, the capitalism injects the morphine called 'hope'
Wealth breeds wealth and tests greed
The rich longs even for poverty
In the world there's only black and white, those two
In an endless zero-sum game, the very end is worth seeing
Polarization is the ugliest flower in the world
It's been long since the truth's been eaten away by the lies
Who benefits the most?
Just who suffers damage the most?

In a sick world, a person that is well
Isn't it strange how they are treated as a mutant
In a world with its eyes closed, a person with theirs open
Isn't it strange how now they are made blind
Someone who wishes for peace, someone who wishes for war
Isn't it strange how they are each at the extremes of their ideologies
They tell you to have dreams, though no one has it
There are no answers, isn't it strange

Everything in dust
Do you see?
Well, well, well
Everything in lust
Oh, what do you see?
Well, well, well
Someone tell me whether life is pain
Well, well
If there is a God, tell me whether life is happiness

You think you got taste?
Oh babe, how do you know?
I mean for God's sake
Everything's under control
The choices you’ve been given
Are all preferences controlled by the capital
People talk
'My feed explains me'
No matter how much money is in your grasp
Everyone's a slave to this system
The dog necklace and dog house you are so busy bragging about
All day, fighting over whose glimmer more
Now even you won't know
Oh baby, what's your name?
Polarization, the flower that's already bloomed
A round nail that has been hammered into a square hole
Even so, I roll on, somehow, like this
In each of their chicken coops, everyone claims they are fine

In a sick world, a person that is well
I don't think it's strange that he is treated a mutant
In a world with its eyes closed, a person with theirs open
I think it's more strange that only they have theirs open
Someone who wishes for peace, someone who wishes for war
The wordplay that changes as easy as the flipping of a palm
It’s the kind of world where a dream has become an option, but
There’s no answer, that’s the answer

Everything in dust
Do you see?
Well, well, well
Everything in lust
Oh, what do you see?
Well, well, well
Someone tell me whether life is pain
Well, well
If there is a God, tell me whether life is happinessI asked your mother for you
She told me that you was too young
I wish dear Lord that I'd never seen your face
I'm sorry you ever were born

Irene good night
Irene good night
Good night Irene, good night Irene
I guess you're in my dreams

Sometimes I live in the country
Sometimes I live in town
Sometimes I haves a great notion
Jumping in, into the river and drown

Irene good night
Irene good night
Good night Irene, good night Irene
I guess you're in my dreams

Stop ramblin' and stop gamblin'
Quit staying out late at night
Go home to your wife and family
Stay there by the fireside bright

Irene good night
Irene good night
Good night Irene, good night Irene
I guess you're in my dreams

I love Irene, God knows I do
I love her 'til the sea runs dry
If Irene turns her back on me
I'm gonna take morphine and dieMum and Dad and Denny saw the passing
Out parade at Puckapunyal
It was a long march from cadets
The sixth battalion was the next to tour and it was me who drew the card
We did Canungra and Shoalwater before we left
And Townsville lined the footpaths
As we marched down to the quay
This clipping from the paper
Shows us young and strong and clean
And there's me in me slouch hat with me SLR and greens
God help me - I was only nineteen
From Vung Tau riding Chinooks to the dust at Nui Dat
I'd been in and out of choppers now for months
And we made our tents a home
V.B. and pinups on the lockers
And an Asian Orange sunset through the scrub
And can you tell me, doctor, why I still can't get to sleep?
And night time's just a jungle dark and a barking M16?
And what's this rash that comes and goes
Can you tell me what it means?
God help me - I was only nineteen
A four week operation
When each step can mean your last one on two legs
It was a war within yourself
But you wouldn't let your mates down
'til they had you dusted off
So you closed your eyes and thought about somethin' else
And then someone yelled out "Contact"
And the bloke behind me swore
We hooked in there for hours
Then a God almighty roar
And Frankie kicked a mine
The day that mankind kicked the moon
God help me - he was goin' home in June
And I can still see Frankie
Drinkin' tinnies in the Grand Hotel
On a thirty-six hour rec. leave in Vung Tau
And I can still hear Frankie, lying screaming in the jungle
'Til the morphine came and killed the bloody row
And the ANZAC legends didn't mention mud and blood and tears
And the stories that my father told me never seemed quite real
I caught some pieces in my back that I didn't even feel
God help me - I was only nineteen
And can you tell me, doctor, why I still can't get to sleep?
And why the Channel Seven chopper chills me to my feet?
And what's this rash that comes and goes
Can you tell me what it means?
God help me, I was only nineteenJ'ai une certaine fascination pour les hochements de tête
Bouche bée, mon cerveau est en hibernation depuis des décennies
Les papillons me réjouissent ils sont si colorés
À l'orée de la nuit j'ai souvent peur que le jour ne revienne pas
En phase sénile, je ne demande rien mais on m'injecte la morphine
Je caresse les nuages de passion
Le fruit, de mon imagination n'est pas mûr
Armure en pétales de rose pour protéger ma douce peau
Je suis un enfant de la lune qui n'est pas malade
Si j'utilise ma lame c'est contre moi, l'autre moi
Celui qui quelques fois me fait pleurer
Ma tête hésite sans cesse entre la gauche et la droite
À gauche j'entends des voix, à droite j'ai des fantasmes
J'entasse un par un de petits cailloux que chaque matin je ramasse
C'est un peu comme une famille que chaque matin j'agrandis
J'ai grandi ici, donc maintenant elle est très grande

Six, six, six, affiche la calculatrice (Mandragore)
Je n'choisis pas mes vêtements mais je choisis la mort de mon institutrice (Foda, Foda, Foda)
J'écris sur les murs car je n'ai plus de place dans mon cahier
J'ai caché un couteau à beurre sous mon oreiller
La pauvreté, quelle punition cruelle
J'me venge sur les souris dans les ruelles de mon esprit (de mon esprit)
J'ai lu beaucoup trop de livres, j'en ai des vomissements littéraires
J'déambule comme un mort dans le lotissement, comme un somnambule dans le cimetière
J'discute avec mon ordinateur (mon ordinateur)
Le proviseur m'a dans l'collimateur (dans l'collimateur)
Mon animal de compagnie effraie mes camarades de classe
Fuck la DDASS
J'ai caché mon grimoire dans mon coffre à jouet
Ma mère m'abandonne comme un naufragé
Bientôt orphelin, inch'Allah
Vilain garnement, j'ai échangé ma maman contre mon internement (-ment, -ment)
J'ai échangé ma maman contre mon internement
J'ai échangé ma maman contre mon internement

Hermione Granger : La Mandragore, ou Mandragora, est utilisée pour ramener ceux qui ont été pétrifiés à leur état d'origine. Elle est aussi très dangereuse : le cri de la Mandragore est mortel pour quiconque l'entend
Pomona Chourave : Vu que nos Mandragores ne sont encore que de très jeunes plants, leurs cris ne pourront pas vous tuer, mais ils peuvent vous assommer pour plusieurs heures. C'est pourquoi vous avez tous une paire de cache-oreilles pour vous en protéger

La savane de mon propre mal
J'me noie dans mon bol de céréales
Un cimetière de cartables
Nous sommes des figurines de sable
Des filaments de bave entre nos lèvres
J'ai menti à mes propres rêves
J'ai tué le verbe
Les mots dans un cercueil de parenthèses
Mon cœur n'était qu'une prothèse
J’t'embrasse après qu'tu m'aies sucé
Ton amour pour moi je l'ai usé
Tu as peur, du sang sur les écouteurs
Des miettes de pain, des miettes d'argent
Des regards sur moi, indifférents
J'les pardonne tous, et toutes
Les hommes seuls, et les femmes seules
J'ai prédit mon avenir dans une flaque de mollards
Prisonnier dans l'ordinateur
L'amour est un oiseau migrateur
Une horde de colombes s'abattra sur ton lycée
J'entends le sifflet des oiseaux auto-tunés
Les tornades feront voler les liasses de billets
J'ai kidnappé l'espoir
J'ai demandé la rançon au désespoir
Des scénarios déchirés, des enfants qui ne se reverront jamais Des enfants qui auraient du se suicider
Des destinées qui ne se sont pas dessinées
Des relations qui ne se sont pas décidéesLosing expression
Facing the autumn
Step up the morphine
Stand by my side
Boiling rejection
Cutting the heavens
Planning a new one
Taking the sky

You were the silence in my brain
Unsettled by the weather
We built a kingdom in the rain
I think we're getting better

Sometimes I wonder why we bother at all

Under impressions
Growing up crooked
Sideways and under
Cured by glances
Fortune and memories
I should be loathing
I couldn't find you
And I shouldn't care

You were the silence in my brain
Unsettled by the weather
We built a kingdom in the rain
I think we're getting better

Sometimes I wonder why we bother at all
I'll rise to the sun, sitting in the back of the ride
I'll rise to the sun, sitting in the back of the ride
Sometimes I wonder why we bother at all
Sometimes I wonder why we bother at all

Grant me a new one
I'm growing slowly
Sign of reflection
Queued by a godess
I'm loaded and ready
More than I wanted
Step up the morphineSam Stone came home to his wife and family
After serving in the conflict overseas
And the time that he served had shattered all his nerves
And left a little shrapnel in his knee
But the morphine eased the pain
And the grass grew round his brain
And gave him all the confidence he lacked
With a Purple Heart and a monkey on his back

There's a hole in Daddy's arm where all the money goes
Jesus Christ died for nothin', I suppose
Little pitchers have big ears
Don't stop to count the years
Sweet songs never last too long on broken radios
Mmm...

Sam Stone's welcome home didn't last too long
He went to work when he'd spent his last dime
And Sammy took to stealing when he got that empty feeling
For a hundred dollar habit without overtime
And the gold rolled through his veins
Like a thousand railroad trains
And eased his mind in the hours that he chose
While the kids ran around wearin' other people's clothes

There's a hole in Daddy's arm where all the money goes
Jesus Christ died for nothin', I suppose
Little pitchers have big ears
Don't stop to count the years
Sweet songs never last too long on broken radios
Mmm...

Sam Stone was alone when he popped his last balloon
Climbing walls while sitting in a chair
Well, he played his last request
While the room smelled just like death
With an overdose hovering in the air
But life had lost its fun
And there was nothing to be done
But trade his house that he bought on the G.I. Bill
For a flag draped casket on a local heroes' hill

There's a hole in Daddy's arm where all the money goes
Jesus Christ died for nothin', I suppose
Little pitchers have big ears
Don't stop to count the years
Sweet songs never last too long on broken radios
Mmm...He got flat baby
Kick in the back baby
A heart attack baby
I need your body
A hot kiss honey
He's just a bitch baby
You make me sick baby
So unrelying
I'm such a swine baby
All down the line daddy
I hate your kind baby
So unreliable
A hot buzz baby
He's one of us baby
Another drug baby
You so desirable

Trust in me
Trust in me
Put all your trust in me
You're doing morphine
Ho!

They got place baby
Kicked in the face baby
You hate your race baby
You're just a liar
Your every lick baby
Your dog's a bitch baby
You make me sick baby
You soul survivor
She never cut from me
She never cut baby
I had to work baby
You just a rival
Always to please daddy
Right up and leave daddy
You're throwing shame daddy
So undesirable

Trust in me
Just in me
Put all your trust in me
You're doing morphine
Go ‘on babe

Relax
This won't hurt you
Before I put it in
Close your eyes and count to ten
Don't cry
I won't convert you
There's no need to dismay
Close your eyes and drift away
Demerol
Demerol
Oh God he's taking demerol
Demerol
Demerol
Oh God he's taking demerol
He's tried
Hard to convince her
To be over what he had
Today he wants it twice as bad
Don't cry
I won't resent you
Yesterday you had his trust
Today he's taking twice as much
Demerol
Demerol
Oh God he's taking demerol
He-he-he
Demerol
Demerol
Oh my Oh God it's Demerol
He
Ooh
Oh!

He got shit baby
Your dog's a bitch baby
You make me sick baby
You are a liar
Is truth a game daddy
To win the fame baby
It's all the same baby
You're so reliable

Ho!

You just sit around just talking nothing
You're taking morphine
Ho!
Go ‘on baby
You just sit around just talking about it
You're taking morphine
Ho-ho!
Just sit around just talking nothing about it
You're taking morphine
You just sit around just talking about it
You're taking morphine
You just sit around just talking nothing
And taking morphine
Ho-ho
I'm going down baby
You're talking Morphine

Go ‘on baby!
Ho!
Ho!
Morphine!
Do it!
Ho!
He's taking morphine
Morphine!
Morphine!Picture yourself in a padded room
Welcome to my terror dome
Picture yourself in a padded room
Welcome to my terror dome
Figured you'd had enough of being alone
Figured you call me
Glinda, ya good witch
...Sensei, Ya good bitch
I'll be there
Call me when ya ready
Uhhhhh
I'll be ya good witch call me
Uhhhhh
I'll save ya if I can call me

Not frightened after you trust your own thoughts
Catch the delirium, contagious
I think I owe you more
I feel I show you more
You're my eight packs of soft
Savor like a now or later
Mmm
I think about you now or later
I'll be your savior, call me
Catch you if i can, call me
Feel I've gone far
Tell me where to go from here
Little girl, Lost boy
That's how I feel
Sail me away

Picture yourself
(beat change)
Just picture yourself
Picture yourself
Picture yourself
Picture yourself in a candy land
I wanna go there, alone
All of the morphine you can stand
Padded rooms
Picture yourself
Picture yourselfDark things in my mind again
I don't wanna have a bad night again
I might lose my mind again
I might lose my mind again
Dark things in my mind again
I don't wanna have a bad night again
I might lose my mind again
I might lose my mind again

Don't relapse (Wait) hold up, don't relax (Yuh)
Heart attack, ice inside my cardiac
I'm a sicko, I'm a fucking hypochondriac
Fuck the pain away, beat it like a 808
And I know I said I quit drugs last time
That was last time, life in the fast lane
H-H-Hydroplaning off a flat, might flatline
If I let the brains blow, that's a landmine
I need you to love me like I never loved me
Everyone around me want something from me
Pretty girls want the truth, but the truth is ugly
She don't even like me, she just wanna fuck me!
Feel like Amy Wine again, this is Absinthe, not Heineken
25, running out of time again, 27 Club, how can I get in?

Dark things in my mind again
I don't wanna have a bad night again
I might lose my mind again
I might lose my mind again
Dark things in my mind again
I don't wanna have a bad night again
I might lose my mind again
I might lose my mind again

I'm fine, just a little fucked up (Up)
Crush a blue pill, put it in a red cup (Cup)
Call up the plug, now I'm in The Matrix (Ayy)
Like I'm Morpheus, turn my morphine up (Turn up)
I see all these demons in my nightmares
I can run, but I can't escape the night terrors, every night
Yuh, lost in despair but you don't even care and I'm not scared
I'm a monster, am I scaring you?
Way I'm driving, like I'm death proof
So trust me, judge me
If you love me, just love me as I am

Dark things in my mind again
I don't wanna have a bad night again
I might lose my mind again
I might lose my mind again
Dark things in my mind again
I don't wanna have a bad night again
I might lose my mind again
I might lose my mind again

How, how am I supposed t-
How am I supposed to stop being crazy?
How? How? How?
How I'm gon' stop?I'm just tryna get through
Just tryna get through

People tryna keep me quiet
Scared I'll start a riot all up in the streets
They don't see me representing
They don't get it
They don't understand the reach
Slippin' in the darkness
Lord, I'm feelin' heartless
Can you help me find some peace?
Can't explain what's happenin'
But I'm livin' backwards in the dark where I can see
I'm poppin' pills to go to sleep
Poppin' pills to get it poppin'
Got a Percocet to keep the peace
Got a purple pill to feed the problems
And I'm fallin', I just might be here a while
So picture me wylin', I can't lose what's in your wallet
I got this picture perfect picture of a new indentured servant
I'm a slave to you, call me a surgeon but won't call a surgeon
Well, this is an emergency
I'm wretched soul, got a heart of stone, need another one
Tryna murder me, now I'm all alone
Hear the serpent telling me it's edible
Pray for me

War weighin' on my heart but I can't fall
Seekin' shelter from the storm in a bank roll
Tell me how you keep us warm when it's so cold
So sudden in the way
I'm just tryna get through
Just tryna get through

In '05 we was young and wylin'
With the ladies runnin' never got flowers
Told Chris if you love her, tuck her
'Cause she'll be at the crib watchin' Rush Hour
My daddy used Bill O'Riley
Show cut him like Bill O'Riley
And it's cool rappin' 'bout the The Rock
Till you seein' your daughter lying blue on an IV
No lyin', that's bad reverend
Southside, I'm back reppin'
Gave us one leg to stand on
And get mad when they see us half-steppin'
Automatic weapon, automatic reven
Drivin' through the streets
You better call a medic
Man my dawgs are itchen
Better call a vet
And why the God of heaven put us in this hell and
New rappers, that's usual
Drug addict with a studio
It's ODD and we OD'ing
Like OD, we catch a bullet for more morphine
And that's empty (Montana, Montana)
Consume more what doesn't fill Im listening
Who got the plan?
Who got the plan to fix this?

In the valley of death, pray for me
In the valley of shadows, belay, belay for me
(Maybe the pain is a sort of message)
In the valley of death, pray for me
(You know that feeling you always try to escape)
In the valley of shadows
(Listen real close)
Belay for me
(It might be God saying)

Just tryna get through, through
Just tryna get through, through
Just tryna get through, through
War weighin' on my heart but I can't fall
Seekin' shelter from the storm on this blank road
Tell me how you keep this warm when it's so cold
So sudden in the way
I'm just tryna get through

I know you just wanna get out of the pain, you know what I'm saying
But there's a lot of things this pain tryna get outta of us
You see the voice whispers on the mountain tops but screams in the valleys
Listen, because when the voice gets through
When the voice gets through
It can change the situation
But it also changes youI'm lying here on the floor where you left me
I think I took too much
I'm crying here, what have you done?
I thought it would be fun

I can't stay on your life support
There's a shortage in the switch
I can't stay on your morphine
Cause it's making me itch
I said I tried to call the nurse again
But she's being a little bitch
I think I'll get outta here, where I can

Run just as fast as I can
To the middle of nowhere
To the middle of my frustrated fears
And I swear, you're just like a pill
Instead of making me better
You keep making me ill
You keep making me ill

I haven't moved from the spot where you left me
This must be a bad trip
All of the other pills
They were different
Maybe I should get some help

I can't stay on your life support
There's a shortage in the switch
I can't stay on your morphine
Cause it's making me itch
I said I tried to call the nurse again
But she's being a little bitch
I think I'll get outta here, where I can

Run just as fast as I can
To the middle of nowhere
To the middle of my frustrated fears
And I swear, you're just like a pill
Instead of making me better
You keep making me ill
You keep making me ill
Run just as fast as I can
To the middle of nowhere
To the middle of my frustrated fears
And I swear, you're just like a pill
Instead of making me better
You keep making me ill
You keep making me ill

I can't stay on your life support
There's a shortage in the switch
I can't stay on your morphine
Cause it's making me itch
I said I tried to call the nurse again
But she's being a little bitch
I think I'll get outta here, where I can

Run just as fast as I can
To the middle of nowhere
To the middle of my frustrated fears
And I swear, you're just like a pill
Instead of making me better
You keep making me ill
You keep making me ill
Run just as fast as I can
To the middle of nowhere
To the middle of my frustrated fears
And I swear, you're just like a pill
Instead of making me better
You keep making me ill
You keep making me ill
Run just as fast as I can
To the middle of nowhere
To the middle of my frustrated fears
And I swear, you're just like a pill
Instead of making me better
You keep making me ill
You keep making me illHeld on to hope like a noose, like a rope
God and medicine take no mercy on him
Poisoned his blood, and burned out his throat
Enough is enough, he's a long way from home
Days of my youth wasted on a selfish fool
Who ran for the hills from the hand you were dealt
I flew far away, as far as I could go
Your time is running out
And I'm a long way from home
Laid up in bed, you were laid up in bed
Holding the pain like you're holding your breath
I prayed you could sleep, sleep like a stone
You're right next to me
But you're a long way from home
Hospital gowns never fit like they should
We yelled at the nurse, didn't do any good
More morphine, the last words you moaned
At last I was sure
That you weren't far away from homeWanna use my fame and lay with a model
Say my name, my name, my name, 'till tomorrow
We can bang and rang, and rang, 'till tomorrow
Just a grain of me remains in the morning

Finally got this gold chain, got me feeling lavish
Tryna not go Cobain, just turned 27
Girl, I want the whole bang, 'cause I'm really selfish
Hit me with the morphine, gimme secret treasures

She don't twerk, but she whine doe
She don't work, fashion line doe
Feet on bird, 'cause she fly though
Meat on perk, second mind though

Wanna use my fame and lay with a model
Say my name, my name, my name, 'till tomorrow
We can bang and rang, and rang, 'till tomorrow
Just a grain of me remains in the morning

Finally got this big check, now the hoes want me
I stay with the low tech, gotta write ya number
Take a look at this vet in a young body
Girl, I bend up that back, if ya lay it on me

Fill up, down down, heel up, kick off
Feel up, round round, get love, gotta go
She loves, down down, she loves you
Get love, down down, wit' ya

Wanna use my fame and lay with a model
Say my name, my name, my name, 'till tomorrow
We can bang and rang, and rang, 'till tomorrow
Just a grain of me remains in the morning

I want to get into a fight
I want the ride of the life
I want her off of my mind
I wanna drown it in ice
I got the .9 in the back
I got a dime in the back
I shoot my shot like a free thow
Nothin' but net, nothin' but net
Get into a fight
I want the ride of the life
I want her off of my mind
I wanna drown it in ice
I got the .9 in the back
I got a dime in the back
I shoot my shot like a free thow
Nothin' but net

Kobe with the loving, get off of me
Gucci sweat, warm-ups, I'm so boujie
Take ya to the home land, South Africa
Mix it with the romance, I just wanna
Kobe with the loving, get off of me
Gucci sweat, warm-ups, I'm so boujie
Take ya to the home land, South Africa
Mix it with the romance, I just wanna

Wanna use my fame and lay with a model
Say my name, my name, my name, 'till tomorrow
We can bang and rang, and rang, 'till tomorrow
Just a grain of me remains in the morning
Wanna use my fame and lay with a model
Say my name, my name, my name, 'till tomorrow
We can bang and rang, and rang, 'till tomorrow
Just a grain of me remains in the morningOoh, listen to the way I slay your crew
Damage, damage, damage, damage

They cock them hammers, wave them llamas
But that's that in front of the camera drama
So when the cameras are attached to dollys, I call them dali lama's
Mold me, loathe, hold me in the palm of your hand, load me
You know exactly what I am, murderer
When I'm inserted on to the top of fifteen family members
It's the curse of the proverbial anarchy starter, the martyr
This is what I have been converted to do what I do is insanity
Pro-fo-fo-fanity when they manually hammer me annually
You dont figitty faze me yo
I won't tigitty tase you bro
Figgity fucking cut you in half like it's nothing minus the laser scope
Then I will ring your bell like Avon
Before displaying some of my various tattoos (Trayvon)
The (Oscar) award winning (Aiyana Jones) hey (Sean)
Sworn to be cannon fodder for your father slaughter daughters
Armor piercing tumblers more deadlier than napalm
Fuck a stray bullet, I take aim when the gun draws
For ever-lasting fame I will maim those who change the gun laws
Cause post traumatic stress disorder, ask any vet I've worked with
My purpose catching bodies like safety nets at the circus

Ooh, listen to the way I slay your crew
Damage, damage, damage, damage

Nigga I will twist your liver like Oliver (TWIST)
Scratch your name off my calendar
See that was me thru a silencer
What you just heard was a .44 caliber
Now you can fill in the blanks
I will pillage your town
Killing them with Dillinger rounds
Nigga fill in the clip cause I'm willing to flip
See I'm sort of certified, I'm fortified live
You would be mortified if I would put on screen what I've seen
Horrified holy Bibles, rivals, vital organs
Little bitty baby bodies, bridal gowns coffins
Morphine, gang bang, gangrene, slauson, swap meet
Meet greet, pop I don't sleep, I don't stop
I love hate, hate cops
That's why I laugh when you pull it
I'm motivated and crass
I'm so elated when I see them on the news (you fuckin' pigs!)
They flying the flag half mass
See there's no need for conversation
When we're discussing the bullet's point of view

Ooh, listen to the way I slay your crew
Damage, damage, damage, damageKashi
Oh, woah-Oh, woah-Oh, woah
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah

Just another day to face my fears
Scream about pain, to save my tears
I'm never gonna talk about it
Do you want me to talk about it?
I wanna talk back, but no one cares
Who do you love when I'm not there?
I'm never gonna talk about it
Do you even wanna talk about it?

Morissette, the morning sex
The morning texts to me
That things might change in the next week
But you leaving me is a blessing
In disguise, just wipe my mind
You let me ride, the twist and turn
I'm the wicked witch that burns
I guess I'll never learn, oh

Just another day between these bars
Just another secret, unseen scar
I'm never gonna talk about it
Do you want me to talk about it?
Just another friend who laughs and leaves
Just another cut from which I bleed
I'm never gonna talk about it
Do you really wanna talk about it?

I had to take drugs to leave my house
Losin' my mind to find that out
When I say I wanna talk about it
I don't really wanna talk about it
Where is this goin'?
What am I doin' with my life?
I know it sounds borin' and cliche
But the more I mean, the less I say
Morphine in my veins
Will take this all away
And some days you're quiet
No, it's as loud as crashin' waves

Just another day to face my fears
Scream about pain, to save my tears
I'm never gonna talk about it
Do you want me to talk about it?
I wanna talk back, but no one cares
Who do you love when I'm not there?
I'm never gonna talk about it
Do you even wanna talk about it?

Just another day between these bars
Just another secret, unseen scar
I'm never gonna talk about it
Do you want me to talk about it?
Just another friend who laughs and leaves
Just another cut from which I bleed
I'm never gonna talk about it
Do you really wanna talk about it?

Runnin' out of cash to fuel my sins
Runnin' out of life to duel my binge
I'm never gonna talk about it
Maybe I should talk about it
KashiI consider myself a daredevil

It's 4AM
It's-It's 4AM
It's 4AM
It-it-it-it-it
It's 4AM
It's-It's 4AM
It's 4AM
It's

4AM, short of breath
Patient zero, hoarding pets

Drinking his omelet, timing his meds
Morphine drip, get a fix to the flesh
Gripping the edge of the ledge of the place
Where he gets to be met with the end of the day
Left of the face is a table, a tray
TV Guide with the guy from The Fray
Or maybe it's Clay, Anarchy's son
Regardless, the farewell party's begun
Party of one, you start in the breach
Birthing a burden shouldering me
In tonight, The rest of the rat fam
Round and round like the death of a Pacman
Life of a salesman hiding his text
John Wayne couldn't even stand the rein of my ex
Later I'll just go with phone tag
'Til the court tells me "Sure" now row the boat back
Hold the stoge pack and get with the fall
With the beehive hair and the rest on his bald
Head held high, Family, no joke
Grown folk broke at the antique roadshow
Can't breathe right in his nose are bleeds
In his wing they singing ring around the rosary

It's 4AM
It's 4AM
It's 4AM
It-it-it-it-it
It's 4AM
It-it's 4AM
It's 4AM
It's

4AM, pouring sweat
Patient zero, courting death

Use your illusion and move as a wounded gazelle
On a moonlit future in hell
I'm a loser, Room with a view to a stupor
No real room to acutely maneuver
A shoe, nevermind two in a sequence
He get down to the root of the defect
Peep, cruel is a pool full of deep ends
Prove an immovable defense
You in the beautiful breach
Unusually moody and losing the beach head
Rats in the wall tap out drums
An amassing of non-retractable claws
This old man, he plays actual odds
On these detachable jaws
Not for the faint go moshing the paint
Cold dime in the day by impossible day
Frog town creep in a sensible car
No caution or obvious sense of tomorrow
Spit shake might steak or break the right nicely
Or instigate tonight's crises
Sample the you scream, I scream
Break if his eyes go widescreen

It's 4AM
It-it's 4AM
It's 4AM
It-it-it
It's 4AM
It-it's 4AM
It's 4AM
It-it-it
It's 4-4-4-4-4-4AM
It-it-it-it
It's 4-4-4-4
4-4-4-4
4-4AM
It's 4AMCan you hear the war-cry?
The adrenaline bursts through the riverbanks
Welcome to the skirmish (I can't feel my legs!)
Give me morphine, give me morphine
Give me more!

No doubt
This is a tragedy for all
But it ain't over yet

Head's up and thank fuck you're still alive
Still air in my lungs, still blood in my veins
We're part of the last garrison
Still alive
Still air in my lungs, still blood in my veins
We're part of the last garrison

I wanna lie here and soak up the sun
But do not alight here, you cannot outrun
“This could be the end,” he said, “the end, my child”
So I made good use of my face and I smiled

Can you hear the war-cry?
The epinephrine ploughs through the barriers
Welcome to the skirmish (I can't feel my arms!)
Give me opium, give me opium
Give me hope!

No doubt
This is a tragedy for all
But it ain't over yet

Head's up and thank fuck you're still alive
Still air in my lungs, still blood in my veins
We're part of the last garrison
Still alive
Still air in my lungs, still blood in my veins
We're part of the last garrison

I wanna lie here and soak up the sun
But do not alight here, you cannot outrun
“This could be the end,” he said, “the end, my child”
So I made good use of my face and I smiled

Let’s toast to the fact we got this far
Let’s toast to the fact we got this far
The adrenaline bursts through the riverbanks
Welcome to the skirmish
The epinephrine plows through the barriers
Welcome to the skirmish
The adrenaline bursts through the riverbanks
Welcome to the skirmish

Head's up and thank fuck you're still alive
Still air in my lungs, still blood in my veins
We're part of the last garrison
Still alive
Still air in my lungs, still blood in my veins
We're part of the last garrison

Head's up and thank fuck you're still alive
Still air in my lungs, still blood in my veins
We're part of the last garrison
You're still alive
Still air in my lungs, still blood in my veins
We're part of the last garrison
Yeah, you're still aliveSaucin', I do this often, I lay inside my coffin rottin'
I sit here plottin', I'm skatin' down through Compton
(Cooch Lord on the track)
Caution that when I'm chartin', I'm 'bout to fucking rob 'em
Hang him from the crucifix and leave his family just to watch 'em
Saucin', I do this often, I lay inside my coffin
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
Rottin', I sit here plottin', I'm skatin' down through Compton
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
Caution that when I'm chartin', I'm 'bout to fucking rob 'em
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
Hang him from the crucifix and leave his family just to watch 'em
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)

Go on die, mothafucka, die, mothafucka, die (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
Go on die, mothafucka, die, mothafucka, die (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
Go on die, mothafucka, die, mothafucka, die (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
Go on die, mothafucka, die, mothafucka, die(Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)

I pull up with thirteen straps (Fuck, fuck, fuck)
I pull up with thirteen ghosts (Fuck, fuck, fuck)
I pull up with Satan on my back (Fuck, fuck, fuck)
I pull up drenched in the black mold (Fuck, fuck, fuck)

Go on die, mothafucka, die, mothafucka, die
Go on die, mothafucka, die, mothafucka, die (Woo)

I pull up with thirteen straps (Fuck, fuck, fuck)
I pull up with thirteen ghosts (Fuck, fuck, fuck)
I pull up with Satan on my back (Fuck, fuck, fuck)
I pull up drenched in the black mold (Fuck, fuck, fuck)

Go on die, mothafucka, die, mothafucka, die (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
Go on die, mothafucka, die, mothafucka, die (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
Go on die, mothafucka, die, mothafucka, die (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
Go on die, mothafucka, die, mothafucka, die (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)

One, don't defy the Morgue, get the guillotine
Two, maneuver through the pain, get your morphine
Three, can't hold the Morgue, never quarantined
Four, fuck a four, bitch, it's unlucky thirteen

Go on die, mothafucka, die, mothafucka, die (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
Go on die, mothafucka, die, mothafucka, die (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
Go on die, mothafucka, die, mothafucka, die (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
Go on die, mothafucka, die, mothafucka, die (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)

We'll all have fun in the morgue (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
'Cause Heaven's empty, no one's pure (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
We'll all have fun in the morgue (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
'Cause Heaven's empty, no one's pure (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
We'll all have fun in the morgue, (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
'Cause Heaven's empty no one's pure (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
We'll all have fun in the morgue, (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
'Cause Heaven's empty no one's pure (Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo
Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo
Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo
Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo
Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo
Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo
Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo
Yeah, yeah, yeah, wooSunrise
Wake up, stand up, look into red eyes
Stayed up all night thinking of reasons why
I can't feel your skin
Is this plaguing your brain?
Is this plaguing your brain?

Couldn't brace yourself in the morphine hallway
Lying on the ground with a heart as a ball and chain
Message to the bird, I know your wings will be fine
Spread them on the floor, learn to heal, will take time

(Close the hatch and lock the fuck ups inside)
Now breath in wide, I'll forgive you later
(Close the hatch and lock the fuck ups inside)
No yawn this time, just let your side
And all these reasons I, I am reaching wide
I am sticking to all these one-liners
And all this means, and all I have to say
You say let's go with one word
Because I, I can see what you taste like

Cut off these ties through the ceiling
We were holding to one night
Breathe in without love
Hear me form these lines
Forever I, I have been reading lies

Watch this turn to dust
I won't know when you've fallen
Now it all takes shape
I won't go until you follow

Couldn't brace yourself in the morphine hallway
Lying on the ground with a heart as a ball and chain
Message to the bird, I know your wings will be fine
Spread them on the floor, learn to heal, will take time

I don't even get the movie
Cold ice feels so soothing
I don't even get the movie
Cold ice feels so soothing

Watch this turn to dust
I won't know when you've fallen
Now it all takes shape
I won't go until you follow

I don't feel anything, stuck in the passing lane
I don't feel anything, stuck in the passing lane
Break, wait, stop, back off the bitch
Break, wait, stop, back off the bitch
Break, wait, stop, back off the bitch
Break, wait, stop, back off the bitch

Block out the sound of the police beckoning
Duck in the back and the lights will shut off again
You can go for it, just don't ignore it
Ration the wine, laughing in revelry
You can go for it, just don't ignore it
Caution, I'm drugged, well, here comes the symphony
The rapist gives god a hugI said I'm living in a lost generation
I said I'm living in a lost generation
I've got my heart
I've found my soul
I'm living
I'm living
I'm living life man

Yeah
Switch on the TV
They keep it real
But not in that way
(Yeah)
I turn the channel
And just see somebody's life displayed
(Yeah)
Awkward pauses and dodgy moments
I smile it keeps me sane
Reality TV is morphine
Give me that now
Let me ease the pain
(Oh yeah)
Man, talent shows
I seen some of our friends
Go beat their targets
I've also seen careers end
When they ain't even really started
Jeremy Kyle got the nation laughing
At the other people's expense
Somebody tell that guy
That we hate him too
We are not his friends, yeah
Hashtag trend
We make people go clap, clap yeah
When I heard people buy views
I was more confused
Than all John Terry's black friends
Watch your mouth son!
Hashtag trend
Oi big brother's in the house now, yeah
I said, screw the voting and talking
I just wanna see people fight and have sex
So let's

Say hey (hey)
I'm living
I'm living life man
Say hey (hey)
I'm living
I'm living life
I've got my heart
I've found my soul
I'm living
I'm living
I said I'm living in a lost generation
I said I'm living in a lost generation
I've got my heart
I've found my soul
I'm living
I'm living
I'm living life man

Yeah
I wanna dance
I wanna have fun
Let me feel the music
I hope you realize how dumb you sound
When you call us stupid
I wanna drive to work, hear this beat
And make my dreams come true
Keep it up man
A beat like this reminds my heart what to do
Salute
I want you to feel useless baby
That's right, every bad boy should
And damn right
I'm a slut, you know this
But I'm a boy, it's all good
Take snaps of me, I'm an icon
Standing here in my shades
Oi be someone
If you beg to be followed
Then you've lost your way, yeah
Hashtag trend
We make people go clap, clap yeah
Why is everybody so PC
It's not my fault if you offence
Watch your mouth son!
Hashtag trend
What's wrong if a girl loves sex
It's only wrong if it's not with you
So maybe you should get better in bed
(You naughty boy)


Give 'em what they want
Give 'em what they like
Here to rock the house
Give 'em what they want
Give 'em what they likeMaghanse9sich li dazo, kane3ref ghir rassi wach
Melli kat rappi ka tjini b7al chi 9e7ba west lfrach
Ga3 li 9ari l'felsafa akhirto 3 6
Dak li semani harhor ra 3aref rasso 9etta
F west l'3amaliya ma calmanich l'Morpho
Zmeto gha f taniya, nad clashani f'morceau
Wa fhem nadariya nta li 9ari mon kho
Ila jemmi rejlik khawya, maghaynef3okch dorsaux
Nta gha gjam bla technique kif jwan bla tabac
Jenni hakem roho dib west l'ghaba
Skhoun b7al chi lava dwa del ka2aba
Machi ro9ia cher3ia, l'porno a baba
Ka tjini ki chi bobi wa aji dreb l7eyssa
Joumhouri bghani haka, wakha l'firma mgheyssa
Koun sbe3 w koulni, w khchi f'kerrek la licence
Ra l'felsafa dial Aristote makatenfe3ch al kassoul
MC Tamer Hosni, 9damiti f'yeddna b'silence
Ghi l'kassala li kadwi bzaf katmout fel ghassoul
Jemmi rap ra gha mwhiba lsani khayeb mamrebbich ra l3oulama 7arou fina
Nta li wa3i bach twe3ina katseb mora chacha
Li kimzkek kidécalé gha t9ebelha b'kol bachacha
Ch7al men lata k7alet west l'forno
Sewel 3e9lek 3lach kaychouf deria kayfker f'porno (aaa?)
Che3b mekbout west afkaro
Lach3elti gha n9ejouk kif chi garo ah
L'Morphine jib chi Vodka ghalia
Baghi njib l'K.O, bach matb9aych tbani liya mdécalia
Smiti L'Ferda machi Spoo bla ma doukh 3lina
La f'wejhi cagoule z3em w neslo lina
Ydek fih a la cage bla ma tsupportina
Rass mali clip w garage, f'rap dert rwina (kech kech)
Wa fot lia chari waaa MC chikha
Hssebnak beyda mon amour tle3ti gh tenfi7a
Ch7al men jifa matet f'had rap 3tat ri7a
Rejla s3iba mchat layrhem mi Fatiha
Madwich 3el 7oriya, b7alek kaykhaf men l'9er3a
Yak ana li 7redtek wa fout 3lik 7
Matmezeknich l'Morphinya katjib lia l'9et3a
B7al 7liwa khoud banana, fik fik 7
5 x 1 khemssa, makanti9ouch f'le7ya
S3iba l'mou3adala, 55 monafi9
Jwani kmitou bo7di, makanfi9ouch a Yahia
Rbe7na l'mou9abala bla ta mona9ich
Bla ta mo9abil, khoud serfek w bachih
Sir ta y3erfek be3da, 3ad aji clashih
T3elem trouli be3da w aji sout 3lina
Yak mafik l'boula, sotek fih re3da
Sbe7ti m'coulé l'me3da, matsebihach fina
Nta li fik défaut, chriki glebha 9e3da
Machi moka li kadirna, ra lektef li kay3ergou
Machi hna li ghansebouk w mel ghatji ghanherbou
Meli ghadwi ghansekto, w ila dwina ghan9em3ou
3emer chi zok ghaydellina, ra dakar li ka yederbo
Lferda motherfuckerEvery time I call, she just come
Cause every time I call, she get to cum
Damn, I'm a lover yet look what this chick done
When I used to keep a roll of them bitches like "Which one?"
It's the the boss (Radio Killa)
It's not a dream, baby (Radio Killa, Killa, Killa)
Or is it a dream?

She graduated from the school of arts
Now she swimmin' in the pool of sharks
Roughest niggas with the coolest cars
Sophomore year, had her first menage
Better D.C. like "Go Barack!"
Girl drunk it like a Fiji and she blowed my socks
Every night, she comin' through for me to fuck that
Found out she had a man, I holla fuck that
Better give that boy a bus pass
I see no competition, baby girl a must have
My letters hinted on my mustache
But maybe not, but then again it made her butt fast
Good dick make a chick wanna cut class
The way I'm knockin' at the door, they call it trespass
She my dime, not the one I wanna cuss at
Lookin' fine, real diamonds on the cut glass

People call you blind (People call you blind)
Oh, but all you need is me, girl (All you need is me, girl)
You’re all that’s in my mind (Oh, yeah, babe)
All you need is me, girl, uh, and all I want is you
All a nigga really want is you, all a nigga really want is you
All a nigga really want is you, all a nigga really want is you
(All I want is you)
All a nigga really want is you, all a nigga really want is you
All a nigga really want is you, all a nigga really want is you
(All I want is you)

Who can hit it mo' faster?
I'm talkin' authentic orgasms
Film that, play it on the big plasma
Back to work, just a lil bit faster
She say life is a journey
I need mine, just like my attorney
I get sued like a nigga switch shoes
Long money but he got a quick fuse
Ride slow, but I'm in a quick car
Pause for a minute, paint 'em in a picture
Baby girl, my money good
Who turned her on to Nicolas Kirkwood
Time to give that boy a bus pass
I see no competition, baby girl a must have
She shines like a diamond
Motivation for my rhymin'

People call you blind (People call you blind)
Oh, but all you need is me, girl (All you need is me, girl)
You’re all that’s in my mind (Oh, yeah, babe)
All you need is me, girl, uh, and all I want is you
All a nigga really want is you, all a nigga really want is you
All a nigga really want is you, all a nigga really want is you
(All I want is you)
All a nigga really want is you, all a nigga really want is you
All a nigga really want is you, all a nigga really want is you
(All I want is you)

Suede pea coat with the Gucci trim
Knew it was him by the Gucci brim
We gotta do it B-I-G
I'm tryna hit the lottery in the V.I.P
Green leaves in my shot glass
All night, soul team, a Ciroc ad
Ain't nothin' you can tell me
I'm on her heels like I'm Jonathan Kelsey
Told her friends that she felt me
We made love through the "Love/Hate" LP
She my Josephine Baker
May need morphine, the deeper that I take her
I'm a back breaker
Another text bracket, Benz Maybach-er
Green Bay Packa
My life a movie so tonight that's where to jack 'er

People call you blind (People call you blind)
Oh, but all you need is me, girl (All you need is me, girl)
You’re all that’s in my mind (Oh, yeah, babe)
All you need is me, girl, uh, and all I want is you
All a nigga really want is you, all a nigga really want is you
All a nigga really want is you, all a nigga really want is you
(All I want is you)
All a nigga really want is you, all a nigga really want is you
All a nigga really want is you, all a nigga really want is you
(All I want is you)You think you won
You think I´m done
You shot my brain
But I don't feel the pain
Kings never die
This ain't no lie
You think we're the same
But you never play the game

You killed me on the moon
I was in love with you woman
Your woman down in heaven
There's nothing else to loose
You killed me in the gloom
‘Cause I was holding the whispers
Of your woman that you shot down
So she could never choose

She's my cold Queen
She's my morphine
But you let her in a cage
And things are gonna change now
You're no Hero, no no
You're no outlaw
You think we're the same
But you never play the game

You killed me on the moon
I was in love with you woman
Your woman down in heaven
There's nothing else to loose
You killed me in the gloom
‘Cause I was holding the whispers
Of your woman that you shot down
So she could never choose
So she could never choose (x2)She loves the sunlight
How it paints on her soft skin
Takes care of those tan lines
Scar tissue from the morphine

Baby, don't you know you are stardust
And you're a long, long way from home, way from home
So baby, brush it off like it's sawdust
Or you'll spend the California days alone, days alone

Those California girls got me outside all night

This is the last straw
Take it off
This is the last straw
Why don't you take it all

She ain't never seen the zoo
With the monkey on her back
They'd arrest her at the booth
And then sell her to the lab
Put a label on the box that says
Treat it like it's glass
If she gets one scratch her parents
Never take her back
To be honest, she's a liar full of promise
She thinks her Rolex makes her timeless
Her famous friends think she's harmless
I'd burn the bridge with her on it

Those California girls got me outside all night

Pinned down, pinnacle
She looks like a centerfold
Sinner, cynical (baby)
Oh my, make her moan
Amateur, baritone
Sex drive, like animals

Ooh, how I like the smell of west coast pheromones
Ooh, how I like the smell of west coast pheromones
Ooh, how I like the smell of west coast pheromones
She smells like west coast pheromones
She smells like west coast pheromonesDying felt so goddamn good today
If I was ever alive well it's hard to say
It was kissing my eyelids and burning my face away
Dying felt so goddamn good today
We dance the electric Pagan Love Song
We hunt with the children paling in the catacombs
Eating dead flowers bleeding in a strange daze
I was cutting throats and eating tears
Smiling in a ruined age
Douse my love everything with gasoline
Grave flower blooms at your red light death scene
We dance the electric Pagan Love Song
We hunt with the children paling in the catacombs
Trippin' on real blood in strange sunshine
Have you felt such weight upon your eyes
Sister I been trippin' in your sky
I woke up adrift in a Technicolor bliss
Ten million miles high
I'm a Christian zombie by daylight
Satan, he come trippin' 'round midnight
Circle jerkin' redneck truckers' dream
You scream, I scream
Everybody screams for morphine
I won't love you, mama, I just fiend your morphine... your morphine
We send, the love, to the skull
I am the mother, the father, the killer
Forever and ever all right
I am the shapeless, the deathless, remorseless
Forever and ever tonight
I'm feelin' hollow again
I am the mother, the father, the killer of light
I'm gonna cut you motherfucker, Christ cocksucker
All rightI had my first good dream
Now that you're haunting me
Here in between the sheets
Right where our two worlds meet
This must be the hour
Right before the daybreak
Leave behind the coldest blue ache
I had my first good dream
Now that you're here with me

When I call your name
I don't feel the burn
Standing in the flame
Flame, flame, flame

We end up on the floor
You set my head free
I want you more and more
Don't wanna get clean
You're like morphine
You're like morphine
You're like morphine
You are my morphine

We never leave the room
I guess there's no need to
Nothing but me and you
Visions in bird's eye view
This must be the morning
Never saw it coming
I was tangled up in your limbs
We never leave the room
Now that I'm here with you

Again I call your name
I don't feel the burn
Standing in your flame
Flame, flame

We end up on the floor
You set my head free
I want you more and more
Don't wanna get clean
You're like morphine
You're like morphine
You're like morphine
You are my morphine

You are my morphineYeah
It's not official news here, as far as I'm concerned it didn't happen, you shut your mouth
One time
What are you afraid of, because the people might find out?
Two times
This news if not official, you were never under the assumption, it's perfectly clear
Three times
I said it was none of your God damn business
One time, tw-two times two, there's two times two twos, three
Three times, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, um yeah

Raps millenniums
Ain't no use tellin' them my plans for the rebellion(No)
The music got me innovator, power no generator
It's the same me, just a couple new developments(It's me)

They sellin' us our dreams
And we couldn't buy them back if they were sellin' them for free(Cha-ching)
I speak for the diseased and the misunderstood
I left the 'burg for a minute, but it's still all good(Still all good)

I push the Beamer and the Benz about to cop the Bentley(Bentley)
Fuck your feelings and your friends you will not correct me(No)
I do this shit correctly, leave a murder scene messy
Dancin' with two lefties screamin' fucking Elvis Presley(Okay)
What do you do when you want to get high
So you call up your connect
Your connect tell you he's dry
It's time to quarantine thinkin' you for sure a fiend
Now your pleasant dreams start to morph into a horror scene(No)
I take morphine and drink chlorine(Uhuh)
Hit the zoo see the lion cage and have an orgy
Drink WD-40, tell a bunch of stories about the make-believe glory(Uuhhhhh)

It's that back ally bum fight
Make sure you sittin' up right
Aristocratic pussy ring her bell then she cum twice
I never read the horoscopes
I go to see the oracle
For fortunes, I ignore her though(let's go)
Just a couple words from my mortal soul(Mortal soul)
Time travel, tryin' to get back
But the portal closed(Portal closed)
All-terrain game, bitch, I'm durable(Yeah)
Mister, drifter everythin' is portable(Let's go)
I'm playin' Dominos with the common folk(Hello)
Lose a hundred dollars quickly
Guess that's all she wrote(Hello)
And everybody got their pot of gold(Uhuh)
Even if it's just a loose fifty in the laundry load(God damn)
Start to understand, we are not alone(Nope)
Try to figure out the difference between frogs and toads(Ribbit)
Shit gets real then you got to go(Okay)
It's a rocky road when you walkin' home

Yeah
You walkin' home, I'm walkin' home
Just a couple thoughts as I'm walkin' home
Lookin' at my feet as I'm walkin' home
Lookin' at the street as I'm walkin' home
Thinkin' of my dreams as I'm walkin' home
Be safe when you walkin' home
When you walkin' home, I'm walkin' homeI am exploring the inside, I find it desolate
I do implore these confines, now, as they penetrate, "recreate me"

I'm hovering throughout time, I crumble in these days
I crumble, I cannot, I cannot find reflection in these days

(If you listen) Listen, listen
(Listen close) Beat by beat
(You can hear when the heart stops) I saved the pieces
(When it broke) And ground them all to dust

I am destroyed by the inside, I disassociate
I hope to destroy the outside, it will alleviate and elevate me

Like water flowing into lungs, I'm flowing through these days
Like morphine cuts through, through dead end veins, I'm numbing in these days
So...

(If you listen) Listen, listen
(Listen close) Beat by beat
(You can hear when the heart stops) I saved the pieces
(When it broke) And ground them all to dust

I know what died that night, it can never be brought back to life
Once again, I know
I know what died that night, it can never be brought back to life
Once again, I know
I know I died that night and I'll never be brought back to life
Once again, I know
I know I died that night and I'll never be brought back to life
Once again, I know

(If you listen) Listen, listen
(Listen close) Beat by beat
(You can hear when the heart stops) I saved the pieces
(When it broke) And ground them all to dust
So...
(If you listen) Listen, listen
(Listen close) It dies beat by beat
(You can hear when the heart stops) I saved the pieces
(When it broke) And ground them all to dustSmash my heart in pieces, it looks so good on the floor

People think it's fun and games but my life is really lonely
Ain't nobody that can save me, ain't nobody that console me
I'm an emo little boy and I want someone to hold me
Got my money like a blanket and I hold it when I'm lonely
Got my blanket and my bottle, yeah, you know I like to sip
Said her lips taste like morphine, asked me if I want a drip
I'm in bed when I'm lonely, I'm in bed when I'm sick
I'm in bed on a flight and I'm in bed on a trip
You say you love me, I know you're lyin'
You say you're sorry, well, thanks for tryin'
Got a new life, not invited
Got a date now and I'm excited
Is my meant to be being where I wanna be
So I turn off my phone and then I go to sleep
Spent a month on the road, every night a new bed
When I touch back home, could've sworn I was dead
Only focus was important so it's back to work
Always focus on my money, people think I'm a jerk
Yeah, I really, really want it, I can't waste no time
Everybody gettin' money, but I get mine

Think it's fun and games
And my life is so lonely
Can you please hold me?How many years have I been sleeping?
Nobody ever said I was alive
Why does everything feel so unnamed?
The poison inside helps me along
Grey and holy
You said it was the first time
Like the morphine
You take it all away
Pretend it's okay
The grey days
Lost inside the River Styx
I don't know where to run
No hunger, no fever, no loss, no wager
Could wake your mind
How many years have I been sleeping?
How many hours did I throw away?
Why does everything feel so unnamed?
The poison inside helps me along
Grey and holy
You said it was the first time
Like the morphine
You take it all away
Pretend it's okay
The grey daysTell me what you'd do
If I would do it like you
Do it all for you
Do it all for you
Tell me what you'd do
If I would do it like you
Do it all for you
Do it all for you
Do it all for you
Do it all for you
Do it all for you
Do it all for you

Something inside controlling
Takes me high enough, my mind keeps falling
Like running morphine, it’s wonderful going blind
Love keeps crawling
Are we losing time?

I'm trying to get control of this love
(But I'm losing all, losing all)
I'm trying to get control of this love
(But I'm losing, losing)
I'm trying to get control of this love
(But I'm losing all, losing all)
I'm trying to get control of this love
(But I'm losing, losing)

Riding just for the high now
Making you forget this time was wrong
No vision- no controlling
Most wonderful minds are blind
This love desire it cannot read my mind

I'm trying to get control of this love
(But I'm losing all, losing all)
I'm trying to get control of this love
(But I'm losing, losing)
I'm trying to get control of this love
(But I'm losing all, losing all)
I'm trying to get control of this love
(I'm losing, I'm losing, I'm losing, I'm losing)

Tell me what you'd do
If I would do it like you
Do it all for you
Do it all for you
Tell me what you'd do
If I would do it like you
Do it all for you
Do it all for you
(Love control, love control, love control, love control)

I'm trying to get control of this love
(But I'm losing all, losing all)
I'm trying to get control of this love
(But I'm losing, losing)
I'm trying to get control of this love
(But I'm losing all, losing all)
I'm trying to get control of this lovePythagorean Theorem, yo Cleopatra be the queen of my harem
Huh, Plato and Socrates talk to me luckily no one can hear em
Yeah, you just repeat on the beat like a parrot, I be so embarrassed
Huh, top of Mount Olympus no one is near him but we really need you to move, damn
What the fuck you finna' do man
Triple three, is that the crew? yeah
All my niggas lookin' smooth, ay
See me swimmin' in a suit, ye
Cut that nigga head, yeah he toupee
Now I'm bout to make a movie
With a grown one, cutie
We should roll one loosely
Need some water like Bruce Lee
She my Sugarfish sushi
I should prolly get some new sheets
Need a Tesla with the new seats
Then I'm gone like poofy
Prolly wearin' fake jewelry
All you niggas so boring
Don't call me I'm touring
Ex girl so corny
Call ¿Teo? we need more fees
Got me strung up off the Morphine
New nigga I'm morphing
More glasses need more *click*
Lose the jokers with the tour tees
You know who your fashion source sees
Bad one, speakin' Portuguese
Wait til she divorces me
Screw your Staples Center floor seats
We just need a billion paying jobs and some more peace
I'm duckin' these people, I'm flippin' up like I'm Evel Knievel
I look at my watch, ain't no time for no freeloaders
My clip was empty, I'm back and I'm reloaded
Yeah, 60 from 0, couple seconds I'm a neighborhood hero
Yeah, I want that dinero, I hop in that taxi like Robert De Niro
Yeah, they wanted the movement, I made it a movement, I made the apparel
Yeah, these children are empty they fallin' in sorrow
Your lyrics are sterile, I told you
"Yo where'd you get that?"
I'm not gonna hold you, got it at Whole Foods
"Ay why you leavin'?", "Where did you go?", "I just gotta know you"Sheets of spotless white
Voices fading out
Thoughts are growing dim
As my longest night begins

A dry taste of morphine
Fluorescent lights all gleam
I'm stuck beneath my mind
This isn't my night

Fallen angels, spread your wings
Take me from this world of broken things
Fallen angels, let your wings
Take me from this bed of thoughts and dreams
Even sleep is full of broken things

I'm settling the score
I have been here before
Then I was in that door
Just cursing the

Fallen angels, spread your wings
Fly me across the seas of burning things
Pills and needles, tears and stings
Fallen angels, save me from these things

Give me black
Put nothing in my dreamsAyo, bitch, I'm spectacular
Tall black man with an advanced vernacular
Immaculate, slightly crazed over-analyst
Backpacking activist, I'm the new catalyst
To change your mind frames back up to what matters
It's a brand new chapter
I'm adding more paragraphs to this cast
Slack up and get embarrassed
I had it with you wack-ass niggas, I'm changing channels
And I dare a nigga to touch my remote
Might fuck around and start a revolt
Cause we know you can't keep lying to my people
We wreckin' shit wherever we go
I'm free yo, ice cold nigga—eskimo
Goddamn it, I'm the man—30 karats on the hands, homie
Motherfuck your next plans, homie

Motherfuck your advance, homie
A motherfucker, I might be your stepdad, homie
I'm home alone with strep
Got sick vocals that flex on any nigga
I'm Bret, the hitman, homie
Heart colder than Owen when I be flowin'
Frozen like any arctic, I start shit like Bart Simps
I blew up here, something like Marge's
I barge in the booth like drill sergeants with troops
I am the proof like a vest made for bullets
When you pull it, just be careful when you shoot
Dex got the footage
My placement belongs inside a spaceship
I'm handin' out facelifts for those who need replacements
A makeshift bow staff for you old bags, I blow past so fast
Swingin' to get your dome smashed, I'm on that
I'm crusing the city holding my mojo
Looking over my shoulder with no GoPros

Ain't know the kid moved dolo
I'mma live forever through these bars, fuck YOLO
I'm a motherfucking superstar, what are y'all on?
We gon' be rich off this shit, word to Mylon
My mama always told me
"Keep calm, enjoy the calm in the morning"
Only reason I don't blast off you cats without warning
And I will not let you ignore me, it's all me
So I'mma keep blazing y'all with more heat
At least it balls up the morphine
Got a line around the corner give me more fiends
And I'mma father all you niggas, word to Maury
Man, I'm the future bitch, fuck who was before me
Goddamn it, I'm the man—30 karats on the hands, homie
Motherfuck your next plans, homie
And motherfuck your advance, homie

You know the industry's in trouble when you understand
That L.A. Reid is blowing fucking millions on some cover bands
You're all cover bands, all I hear is cover bands
Understand we know that all the compliments are underhand
I'm so Italian in the mattress, there's a hundred grand
I'm not a homosexual, but that is how you fuck the man
Second thoughts before you play me shit you made at camp
And Fruity Loop producers re-evaluate and cut your hands
Mike Krzyzewski, O's and X's, baby, run the plan
The bullies in the lunchroom stole the bread, flung the ham
Knives can break, guns can jam
And death will come for every man
But all I need's my Bible and some melatonin, understand
All we see is happy days, Richie Cunningham
Beautiful Mind drives the people, we do trucks and vans
Good Will's gone hunting, motherfucker
Where you been, Affleck?
We're just seein' if you ducks can dance
I am the black sheep, I'm half 'sleep
You athletes couldn't walk in a track meet
No racism cause you all could take a backseat
Your past seats are ass cheeks
My class meets the stampedes of Nissans and Camrys
My family's a bunch of superheroes, Stan Lee
Damn it, I'm the man—30 karats in the hand
Motherfuck your advance, homie
Twice, motherfuck your advance, homie

Motherfuck your advance, homieGainer from the balcony
Swan dive into the concrete
They served you venison and morphine
Nobel'd you for your good deeds
It's in the twelve steps
Against a death threat
It's like a seat belt
Against a hurricane
You're in the first class
Against a tailspin
With the dizygotic twin of god in the cockpit

Ooo
You try to turn it off
But you're too turned on by it
Ooo
You try to wake up

So you're a lost lamb dying on the range in the heat
Soft guts waving  on the vulture come and get the meat
And served you television in a tyranny
They Teen Choice'd you for your good grief
Is it the slow stalk
From the philistine
Or in the wolf club
Against instinct
Or in the Red Cross
Against the hidebound
With the dizygotic twin of god at the slaughterhouse

Ooo
You try to turn it off
But you're too turned on by it
Ooo
You try to wake up
But then you're over it
You're over it

Stumbled drunk out on the balcony
Saw the moonlight in the concrete
The band played "Nearer My God To Thee"
Death was begging for your company
Was it the Brown bag
Around the Popov
Or in the Six men
Carrying the casket
Beak of a dead dove
Broken and stomped on
While the dizygotic twin of god owns the flower shop

But you're too turned on by it
You try to turn it off
But you're too turned on by it
You try to turn it off
But you're too turned on by it
Now you try to wake up
But then you're over itI'm at a payphone
Trying to call home
All of my change I spent on you
Where have the times gone
Baby it's all wrong
Where are the plans we made for two

Got a feeling we both messed up
But none of us are gonna fess up
You thought you up and left a failure
But you were dealing with the next up
Still driving in a van
I wanna tell the public to suck it cause im the man
Mama got cancer
I'm sittin wishing like damn
Let me show em ima blow up
And do it just for the fans
That were standin up in line just to watch me shine
When I broke up with my girl
Left it all behind
I'm at a payphone
Trying to call that one named mine
I wanna work it out
I hope we could
Just one last time
But your gone
And im here
I know now
It's my year
I gotta go now
My career I gotta hold down
Yeah!
I be ventin'
I'mma tell you my story
Can't be hiding the feeling
My music is like my morphine
Giving up is near
I can feel the taste of forfeit
But won't eat the whole dish
Gotta stay focused
Phil told me keep working
Keep shinin'
Lobster on a huge dish
Great dinnin'
And I'mma go up
Just look at the place im in
Noodles in the game
You could call me that Top Ramen
My pops knows I'll make it
And he won't have to work
Put you in a house
I wanna show you your worth
I rep my damn city
I gotta show off my turf
Gotta give em all my best
Even though im at my worst
They keep asking bout the old Pryde
But I do this for the fans that really don't mind
That I got signed
And cleaned my act up
Flagships coming June 3rd
Baby blast off...

I'm at a payphone
Trying to call home
All of my change I spent on you
Where have the times gone
Baby it's all wrong
Where are the plans we made for two
If happy ever after did exist
I would still be holdin' you like this
All those fairy tails are full of ish
One more sappy love song I'll be sick (2x)
And I'm at a Payphone...J'crèche loin des rizières, me baigne dans des rivières de graisse, je finirai peut-être
Dans des cimetières pour hippopotames ou mammouths car j’accours dans les fast-foods
Y'en a partout, à tous les carrefours, j'avale douze casse-croûtes par jour
Même au mois d'août, je fais la cour à des sexy burgers anamorphiques que je pourrais engloutir avec une paille à la sortie du taf
Morfal amorphe, je m’empiffre, m'enquille des litres de lipides, la bouffe est ma morphine
J'blague pas, je suis un gros tas, il m'faut mon quota d'pots d'mayo, mon jerrycan de soda
J'graille tout c'qui est trop gras, je peins mon portrait funéraire sur les parois de mon estomac
Avec des colorants alimentaires, j'ai une carence en fer, des caries dentaires, j'suis malodorant
Et on m'traite de boulimique quand j'verse du coulis d'fruits
D'mer, sur des grands cakes au surimi
J'aime les sucettes à l'huile et le jus d'nuggets
Les donuts en guise de chevalières, faisons frire ce texte

Bouge ta graisse
Ou j't'agresse
Bouge ta graisse
Remue ta paire de fesses
Obélix, O-O-O-Obélix
Obélix, O-O-O-Obélix
Obélix, O-O-O-Obélix
Obélix, j'ai l'appétit d'Obélix

« Bonjours monsieur, j'vais vous prendre le triple cheeseburger au sanglier, s'il vous plaît
Ouais. Avec le supplément cordon bleu. Et le... la p'tite sauce aux Schtroumpfs, on peut... on paye pas plus ? Je prends. »

Je prépare de géantes tartes aux fraises Tagada
Brosse mes dents dix fois par jour avec de la barbe à papa
J'achète, j'avale, j'évacue
Je suis imparfait, plein d'poils et charnu
Mon nutritionniste me reçoit chaque mois
Dans l'arrière salle de son kebab
Là, j'crois qu'entre deux clients, son cuistot va gentiment me
Mettre un anneau gastrique en métal

Bouge ta graisse
Ou j't'agresse
Bouge ta graisse
Remue ta paire de fesses
Obélix, O-O-O-Obélix
Obélix, O-O-O-Obélix
Obélix, O-O-O-Obélix
Obélix, j'ai l'appétit d'Obélix

Obélix, O-O-O-Obélix
Obélix, O-O-O-Obélix
Obélix, O-O-O-Obélix
Obélix, O-O-O-Obélix
Bouge ta graisse
Ou j't'agresse
Ah, attends, euh... Attends, j'fatigue là
T'aurais pas un... un sucre... sans sucre ?Pile raps inside my skull cap like a brick stack, the kid is back
I told y'all niggas ninety-eight lives that
Yo, ninety-nine I piss on rap
Two thousand where your pistols at?
Thunn, we be the men in black fatigue
Thirty-thousand dollar chains that swing
Yo catch me in the street, poppin' that bullshit
Catch a fat lift, holes all over your shit
Bust guns like, nuts all over your bitch
Yo you's a woman, tell me what the fuck you tryin' to do when
You're growlin' all over the tape, you get chewed when
I touch that shit, not only that on the concrete
We splash more niggas than the wavepool did
Check out my new shit, we blood spill, you still ice grill
Mad cause your clique's shit is homo, the Mobb stay real
You steady playin' the field
Nigga you sideline rhyme, customers complain they can't feel
You cooked up a half-ass meal
It's time for me to catch burn on the wheels of steel
My shit fills, the appetite of the populace
We could do it via satellites just us
And show the world how that ass get bust
Ever since a little yuke, I had this lust
To pick up the motherfuckin' pen and just rush
Like morphine beats, through the wires of the EPS plus
You get penalized, for tryin' to rock with the upmost
Get branded, for bein weak the most, now be ghost
The fuck outta here, with that bullshit you tryin' to share
With the planet, you need to be shot rappin'
I got sickle cell I feel the pain all year, what's happenin'
Fake thugs wanna front like they contractin'
Numbers on my head, thun please, I'm here waitin'
You can't touch me, there's no fake love amongst me
There's no fake niggas that's run with me
Somebody gave y'all the wrong info, I ain't get kicko-ed
You nympho, put me on to where you breathe at
You 'sposed to taught that bitch much better than that
I dwell, where the rest of my vets is at
From Sumnerville to BX and back
To the lab in the dungeons
My house of reresentatives stay starvin', beats thumpin'
We unholy, 'cause there ain't a part missin'
My commission, sit at the table like the last supper, fucker2adka meni makayn gha tgabalni 3amayn (morphine)
B7al chi film mirikani ghatfhamni ghatbtasem
Da7akni Jim Carrey o btisamti 7absate tem
F7yati tabte a jem
Blama te7taj tgamgam
O dir blanate l7aj hamham
Jiti klikité tfakarti tariktek sir
Bghiti tcritiqué l9iti khasek koutayeb tefsir
Ana brasi bir, safi techrob
Samawni Hitchcock o Vladimir Klitschko
Zantite 3waj
Lmorphine lbni D'lfrançaise chad l intrite 9bal
M7alef men lpublic m7alef ndir lblad l'audite
M7ayed men dmaghi dakchi li jabto Déesse aphrodite
L'amour o la passion, hanya farchakh location
Ghi sawel wach jaw les régles ha Lmofid
Rak m3aya walefti tampon, rap chawaya machi menu enfant man yoride
Costa ya watan ga3 smaya matar
Vodka ya batal , whisky ya 9amar

Hana jay , Bladi I love you
Tbit fik floussi ,tbit fik 7yati ..wma3lich
Khasnu interview m3a li3ando dossier
Dossier wlmassa2il bash n3ich
Sahraoui w robio , weld l'atlas w sousi
Casaoui w fassi ma3labalich
Rap gha occasion , cheft lblad fel fossé
Wana nbda man rasi , t7arko yalkhafafich

Tantasi b Dimple
3aych b'lpassé simple
Lma3da 5 cylindre
F 7yati 7ta chi ma ban
Poker o khtar number
Toto loto gamble
L7az9a lbank isend f 7yati machi jabane
L7ma9 bla wra9
La7nak f tawra khtarti zwa9 o Aflak (ma9astekch ra3da)
Les mots flechés o simo y'mixi
Limo ghi chri ma3andnach m3a swagg swa3da
Nas f'l9wades wa7la
F'l3id iyakol l ghanmi o sif 3chah swihla
Dba7 lhih o chwi hna
Blad lmsawya matkhaser khater mat9di gharad
Ha l7a9i9a dawya o lkalakh f chware3 dayer parade
B'lmgharba yarabi rod
3aychin b ya robama nel9aw l'pétrole nel9aw Nickel
Bghina l7oriya mabghinach nel9aw lmika
M3akoum moul 10éme cycle
M3akom lmorphine m3ak 9anbola mat9arablich brika (morphine)And I saw you crying in the pale moon light
Oh and I was trying to set things right
Oh face to face one million miles apart
You walked away with my only heart
And I can't complain I am a sad old tune
Oh, and in my grave I will remember you
And from beyond I will call you soon
With the song I will carry through
And I spit and growl instead of breathing
And I drink and howl for my healing
And I carry 'round a crate of hate for feelin'
Just trying to lose those hungry for you blues
And the stars align for us to be
Oh and in my mind you were everything
Oh and how we kissed could ignite the seas
And now you're missed and I am disease
And I am getting by on my friend morphine
And I hope I die on this dingy street
And though your mind wanders endlessly
Don't waste your time pondering me
Do not waste your time pondering me
And I spit and growl instead of breathing
And I drink and howl for my healing
And I carry round a crate of hate for feeling
Just trying to lose those hungry for you blues
Just trying to lose those hungry for you bluesI came back around, I came back around, I came back around
Tha Carter, motherfucker
It's Tha Carter, man
Right now we still in the kitchen, man
You checking out them bitches' booties, right? I know
Yeah, but let's move on, man, I got plenty more house to show you, man
Plenty more Carter to give you
You know? Let's go, man

Now let me show you upstairs
Got the glass house floor to let me know who up there
Look down and you see your reflection
You ain't gotta know who down here
You just know you protected
Ay mane, how I don't know you connected?
Here's a little morphine, let me see you inject it
That's right, little wodie respect this
Understand me or get cha mammy a deathwish
Part I, Part II, Part III
All the parts of Godfather, all a part of me
If you look to the wall you see
A few gagged up, tied up, scared pricks
Got 'em facing the wall like they was on Blair Witch
I ain't Jason at all but it get scary 'bout my chips (yeah)
And in here is where I keep the bricks
Acknowledge Lil Marley in the hallway
He got the clips
Don't shoot 'em, Marley

Yeah, that's my little dude Marley, man
He hold me down, you know what I'm talking about?
I'll show you the rest of the house later, man
You wait right here, I'll be back
Carter, Carter, CarterEvil emotions, it seems like my mind's playing tricks on me
I have vision of grave diggaz doing mix for me
Sinister, I drive niggas off to the dark side
I set Ichabod Crane on his horse ride
Gave Krueger his clothes, killed the corpse, companion
You got no clue in the mystery, I'm the last one standing
Ghostface the hockey mask, hiding the features
Fuck the black lagoon, watch me enable her creatures
The bleach is chemistry, teachers cooking meth
I got a meth in my click, Johnny Blaze 'em to death
I'm no Heff I like bitches hardcore in the deuces
Run through red lights bitch, fuck ya period juices
I've been watching too many, I almost got away with it
These snap bitches is cray, almost got to play with it
View Natural Born Killers on the daily basis
Murder cases, best advice is watch how my felony faces

Dangerous, lethal vocals enter the cranium
I got skeleton bones of titanium
Iron heart, black souls, I live for vengeance
It's the emotional details I leave in every sentence
Dangerous, lethal vocals enter the cranium
I got skeleton bones of titanium
Iron heart, black souls, I live for vengeance
It's the emotional details I leave in every sentence

Step back, click clack, my stacks of cash make
Walter White look like, I got the pure vocab, dark specialist
Starky be the A1 chemist
The pure have your face all numb just like a dentist
Street clientèle I flip
Buy and sell half the chains leaving marks on my neck
That ain't frail, solid goes the charm like a new born baby
10 pounds of 6 ounces, the shit's looking crazy
Retarded, leaving niggas daily departed
Tried to sit but it started, it ain't for the weak hearted
Heavily guarded, my clan keep prisoners of war
Torch you niggas with the morphine drips of the raw
Peruvian white blowing dust in 'em
Feeding 'em seroquel
Fucking their minds and blowing off the pedestal
My verbal technique I speak, I don't sweep
Make a bitch stash a nut in the cheek, or her ass

Dangerous, lethal vocals enter the cranium
I got skeleton bones of titanium
Iron heart, black souls, I live for vengeance
It's the emotional details I leave in every sentence
Dangerous, lethal vocals enter the cranium
I got skeleton bones of titanium
Iron heart, black souls, I live for vengeance
It's the emotional details I leave in every sentence(Ahh mate)
I'm back
Like I never left
I'm here at your in-convenience
I'm back
Like I never left
I'm here at your in-convenience
(So Steve, Steve. Where did you grow up?
Upper Clapton, Hackney
(How old were you when you first started rapping?)
I was 18
(Who are your major influences?)
Are you serious?
Your mum
I ain't answering anymore of your questions
You know what? I have a question

Whose idea was it to get in the charts
By rhyming over Hungarian dance mu-sic?
And why would I make dance mu-sic
When I can't dance to it?
I'm the anecdote to that shit
Bringing back this rap shit
Soon as I'm done calling this bulimic a fat bitch
I'll be saving the day and renegade with a dog playing fetch
Watching him chase a grenade (pow)
Maybe I should play the same game with Bruno
If I ever again get mistaken for a Cluedo character
I'm gonna have to unleash some amateur judo
I just took a shit and now I can't find any loo roll
Two flows for everyone that you got, too hot, I do squat
Diddily and do more than you do when you do lots, do lots
Do women do for me what they do not do for you?
Maybe it's got something to do with my new watch

(I'm back) I'm back
(Like I never left) like I never left
(I'm here at your) I'm here at your
(In-convenience) in-convenience
(I'm back) I'm back
(Like I never left) like I never left
(I'm here at your) I'm here at your
(In-convenience) in-convenience

I have a question
Why would I beat around the bush or take the scenic route?
When I'm a meanie born to instigate fumes
I'm the morning, midday and evening news
And I started a trend, Mike got his teeth fixed too (Mike Skinner)
If you're wondering where I've been at, kicked back with a six-pack
Of Beck's on a bench, sunbathing in a hijab
Give me a Tic-Tac, I just had a pack of Nik Naks
Thanks now I'll turn you into a kebab with my pick-axe
Mish, mash, mosh pit, whenever I drop shit it's hot shit
I just won a race with an ostrich
Obnoxious, preposterous, looney, a damn nutter
If I ever see Rooney anywhere near my grandmother (ah!)
I live life without an ounce of logic
I like my wrist so much I spent a house deposit on it
Vomit and then I drink more wine
Then I broke a bowl and hope the hospital gives me morphine
How do you spend your time?


I don't have a question, nope
When it comes to competition I'm burying them
Better to bury them then have them getting lairy again
They want it with me like they want it with malaria
Like Wayne Bridge wants to be John Terry'd again
I developed an obsession with Caroline Flack
I wouldn't mind having a go on Caroline's-
Actually I promise to never be so vulgar
To never mention putting my cobra
Inside of Anna Kournikova
I swear


I think I've got it out of my system now
(You sure?)
I am once again ready to answer questions
(Good, cause there's so much I've been wanting to ask you)
About 8 inches
(What?)Angel cum clean, you are not what you seem
I was taking Xanax, listening to Morphine
I pulled over the car right before I went dark
I threw us up in the street

I know you know what I mean
I know you, angel cum clean
I know you know what I mean
I know you, angel cum clean
I know you know what I mean

Angel cum clean, you are not what you seem
I was taking Xanax, listening to Codeine
As I was missing your call, I set all my dreams free
Something's been wearing me down

I know you know what I mean
I know you, angel cum clean
I know you know what I mean
I know you, angel cum clean
I know you know what I meanFuck your judgment, I'll make the judgements
I am like Judge Dredd, baby I'm above this
Figurative and literal, this is so pivotal
Now I'll explain why the games so difficult
I'm not just a rapper, not an employee
Put me in the box, if you want to annoy me
I will destroy that box like I did ya mom's
I keep dropping bombs, baby call me shock and awe
Cause I'm cold, awesome, keep on flossing
Fuck these songs I got more, I'll toss em'
Boss em', trade em' garnish their wages
Treat em' like a stray dog, get them spade
You got neutered, I'm outlandish
I don't need eyes to see I'm outstanding
Write it, fuck it, and do it live
You pull the trigger of a gun, and to Bill 'O Ri'
Cause you're stupid, brainless, you got no patience
You make a martyr out of that assholes face
And you got big problems, you can't solve em'
Wall Street's gone and the guns keep popping
Bodies keep dropping, civilized cities turn to vacant lots, and start sprouting crops, like
I am legend, and my phazer's off "stun"
With the second amendment because my Uzi weighs a ton
There's a zone, I found it, a beat, I pound it
Biggest damn fish in the pond, I'll drown him
I'm talking shit, now I got a good reason
The world got stabbed and it won't stop bleeding
Seething, like the hot water in the kettle I'm a
Heathen, but I'm not believing in the metal
And I'm staying put till we figure out some shit
No revolutionary, but I read about some shit

I go numb
I read Howard Zinn
While I take a shit
And then I call it quits
I go numb
I watch the daily show
And talk some shit on Palin
And while the countries fail
I go numb
I say fuck insurance
I'm a monster-saurs
Might as well ignore it
I go numb
I don't need a damn gun
Got a weapon on my neck and it's about to go dumb

Release therapy, when I dump on the beat
I'm punk on the beat, with my dunks on my feet
Pop shit, no question, keep them guessing
"He's so nice, why he keep stressing?"
"He's so sick, send him a blessing"
Keep on sneezing, pass infection
Gas is precious, ask the Texans
When recess is, I need breakfast
We all use their Petro
Fuck that metro, I just jet home
On the shoelace express, with a bin full of goodies
I am dressed for success, in a black t-shirt
And a black bandanna
Quiet revolution from the kids who can't stand ya
Pull the hearing aids out, call it bad manners
But we still sound loud, so they pull them hammers
Your carcass is war-kissed from left to right
Divisions cause attrition no one left to fight
Common sense left the building, to best your night
And your base just stole home just to test your might
Town halls getting physical, situation critical
People from the bottom to the top getting ridiculed
Can't get rid of you, morphine is more fun
Cut funds, add guns, now we got a ritual
Glass looks pitiful, empty as shit
Optimism left town with the  hit
Underground eugenics, pop up the new aesthetic
Don't fit, nondescript, so you grab that weapon
Natural selection, goes for the aggressors
Cannibals eat the left, so meet the new progressives
Prep for Armageddon, turn yourself into a weapon
No immunity, communities fall off from the oppression2005
H-Kayne vs Muslim
Muslim - Aid L9atra : كلاش البداية #1
2006
H-Kayne vs Muslim
H-Kayne - F'Mo Hadak  : الكلاش #2
Muslim - Fommi : كلاش #3
Muslim - Chkoun Jayeb L3ez : كلاش #4
2007
2008
2009
Don Bigg vs Muslim
Don Bigg- Mat3anedch : كلاش #1
Muslim - 7naya  : الكلاش #2
...
2010
Don Bigg vs Muslim
Muslim- Belbala : كلاش #1
...
2011
Code Street vs Rabat Voice
El-koudi (of Street Code) - Clash Vs Rabat Girls
Mr-TigeRap - FreeStyle Clash Vs ...
Lmoutchou vs Don Bigg
Lmoutchou - Checkmate : كلاش البداية #1
2012
L'Morphine vs Mehdi K-Libre
L'Morphine - Zelzal : كلاش البداية #1
2013
Mehdi Black Wind vs Nessyou
Nessyou - Tchi Tchi : كلاش البداية #1
2014
Mehdi Black Wind vs Nessyou
Mehdi Black Wind - Freestyle BFTV.org : كلاش #2
Lmoutchou vs Don Bigg
Lmoutchou - Saucisses de foie : كلاش #2
2015
Dizzy Dros vs Don Bigg
Dizzy Dros - Ljam : كلاش البداية #1
Lmoutchou vs Don Bigg
Lmoutchou - Denfil : كلاش #3
Flenn vs 7liwa
Flenn - Avertissement : كلاش البداية #1
Jen vs Guzman
JEN - Wlidate L7aj : كلاش البداية #1
Ljasos vs Nessyou
Nessyou - Tiki Taka : كلاش البداية #1
Ljasos - Nihaya : كلاش #2

2016
L'Morphine vs Mehdi K-Libre
Mehdi K-Libre - Apocalypse : كلاش #2
L'Morphine - Ay9ona : كلاش #3
Dizzy Dros vs 7-Toun
Dizzy Dros - Chouwaya ?? : كلاش البداية #1
7-Toun - I’m Sorry : كلاش #2
7ari vs Xacto
7ari - Amigo : كلاش البداية #1
Xacto - AlloLaCage : كلاش #2
Jen vs Guzman
Guzman - Bamboucha : كلاش #2
Jen - Baboucha : كلاش #3
Jen - AnaWRap : كلاش #4
DL vs Shayfeen
DL - Twada3 : كلاش البداية #1
DL - Be3do Meni : كلاش #2
DL vs Dizzy Dros
DL - Be3do Meni : كلاش البداية #1
2017
Lferda vs L'Morphine
Lferda - Hadaday : كلاش البداية #1
L'Morphine - Albatros : كلاش #2
Lferda - Error 404 : كلاش #3
L'Morphine - Virgule, : كلاش #4
L'Morphine - Dragon : كلاش #5
Lferda - OUPS : كلاش #6
Inkonnu vs Lferda
Inkonnu - M.9 : كلاش البداية #1
Lferda - Oups : كلاش #2
Inkonnu - Kchkch : كلاش #3
Lferda - Jus D'Orange : كلاش #4
Guzman vs Moro
Guzman - Istanbul : كلاش البداية #1
Moro - Athèna : كلاش #2
Guzman - Calimero : كلاش #3
A6Drizzy vs Lferda
Lferda - 9awdouha : كلاش البداية #1
A6Drizzy - Love : كلاش #2
A6drizzy - Dadas : 3# كلاش
A6Drizzy vs Toto
Toto - 9awdouha : كلاش البداية #1
A6Drizzy - Love : كلاش #2
A6drizzy - Dadas : 3# كلاش
Toto - 7elmet Ado 2 : 4# كلاش
7ari vs Xacto
7ari - Amigo : 1# كلاش البداية
Madd of Xacto - Bingo : كلاش #2
Dizzy Dros vs Don Bigg
Dizzy Dros - ...  : كلاش #2
Lmoutchou vs Don Bigg
Don Bigg - ... : كلاش #3
Lferda vs Zeroten
Zeroten - Ferdaous : كلاش البداية #1
West vs A6drizzy
West - Drizzya : 1# كلاش البداية
A6drizzy - Dadas : كلاش #2
7ari vs 7liwa
7liwa - Kmi Kmi Kmi : كلاش البداية #1
7liwa - BINGO : كلاش #2
7ari - 3a9el : 3# كلاش
Toto vs Lbenj
Toto - 7elmet Ado 2 : كلاش البداية #1
Pause Flow vs L'Morphine
Pause Flow - Père Noel : كلاش البداية #1
L'Morphine - Stan : 2# كلاش
Pause Flow - Lwiza : كلاش #3
L'Morphine - 2/3 : كلاش #4
Pause Flow - Le Mandarin : كلاش #5
L'Morphine - Round 3 ! Fight ! : كلاش #6
Pause Flow - Touchdown : كلاش #7
2018
Inkonnu vs 7ari
Inkonnu - Kib9aw Fia : كلاش البداية #1
7ari - Amigos : كلاش #2
Moro vs Lbenj
Moro - Game : كلاش البداية #1
Tagne vs 7ari
Tagne - Na9iss Wahed : كلاش البداية #1
7ari - Amigos : كلاش #2
Tagne vs A6Drizzy
Tagne - Na9iss Wahed : كلاش البداية #1
7liwa vs Mr Crazy
7liwa - Kib9aw Fia : كلاش البداية #1
Moro vs Nessyou
Nessyou - Ctrl + A : كلاش البداية #1
Moro - Jia-Ten : كلاش #2
Nessyou - Mono : كلاش #3
Moro - Roja : كلاش #4
Nessyou - Tony : كلاش #5
Moro - Tony : كلاش #6
7ari vs 7liwa
7liwa - Mi Amore V2 : كلاش #4
7ari - Amigos : كلاش #5
A6Drizzy vs Madd
A6Drizzy - Pippi : كلاش #1
Damost (+Madd) - Facts : كلاش #4
7ari vs Madd
7ari - Amigos : كلاش #1
Madd - Ey Ey Ey : كلاش #2
ALL36 vs Moro
ALL36 - Shmaw : كلاش #1
Moro - 6 : كلاش #2
ALL36 - Condamné : كلاش #3
7ari Vs Dizzy Dros
Dizzy Dros - Paris : كلاش #1
7ari - Amigos : كلاش #2
7liwa Vs Don Bigg
7liwa - Totoriina : كلاش #1
Don Bigg - 170KG : كلاش #2
7liwa - 57KG : كلاش #3
Dizzy Dros Vs Don Bigg
Don Bigg - 170 KG : كلاش #1
Don Bigg Vs Komy
Don Bigg - 170 KG : كلاش #1
Komy - Chehma : كلاش #2
Don Bigg Vs Mr Crazy
Don Bigg - 170 KG : كلاش #1
Mr Crazy - Biggshot : كلاش #2
Lbenj Vs Toto
Lbenj - Soso : كلاش #1
Toto - 7elmet Ado 3 : كلاش #2
Lbenj - Avito : كلاش #3
Lbenj Vs Mons
MONS - Zakia : كلاش #1
Lbenj - Avito : كلاش #2
MONS - IORI : كلاش #3
Toto Vs Mons
MONS - Knte 3arfhom : كلاش #1
Toto - 7elmet Ado 3 : كلاش #2
MONS - IORI : كلاش #3
Diib Vs Pause Flow
Diib - Play  : كلاش #1
Pause Flow - Videur  : كلاش #2
Diib - Le Petit Chaperon Rouge  : كلاش #3
Pause Flow - Vierge De Fer  : كلاش #4
Diib - 3dmni Nchuf  : كلاش #5
Pause Flow - Leçon  : كلاش #6
Diib - Wittgenstein (Bonus)  : كلاش #7
Dizzy Dros vs 7-Toun
7-Toun - Gololih : كلاش #3

2019
7liwa vs Lmoutchou
7liwa - 58kg  : كلاش #1
Lmoutchou - L'Ex D'Fatema  : كلاش #2
Youss45 vs Breezy
Youss45 - Sir Awa T9awd  : كلاش #1
Breezy - Ali Zaoua  : كلاش #2
Youss45 vs T-Flow
Youss45 - Batltagi W Rougoula
T-Flow - Mizi
Ily vs Manal
Ily - Superwoman  : كلاش #1
Ily vs Krtas Nssa
Ily - Superwoman  : كلاش #1
Kouz1 vs Toto
Kouz1 - Il Est Là  : كلاش #1
Toto - Groupies (Freestyle)  : كلاش #2
Kouz1 vs Issam
Kouz1 - Trap Roumi  : كلاش #1
8IRD vs Dada
Dada - Agogo  : كلاش #1
8IRD - Lady Dada  : كلاش #2
2020
8IRD vs L'Morphine
8IRD - Deathloop, 8irdhub, Flow Less  : كلاش #1
L'Morphine - Creep  : كلاش #2
8IRD vs Dada
8IRD - Deathloop, 8irdhub, Flow Less  : كلاش #3
Dada - Raw Daw  : كلاش #4

Guzman vs Underman
Underman - Sextrapologie
Guzman - Ok Bye
Underman - Justin Bieber
Guzman - Miley Cyrus
Underman - Gangsta 2.0
Underman - Allo LaCage
Underman - Pas Là
Mr Crazy vs Spoo Pow
Mr Crazy - Plata O Plomo
Spoo Pow - Paranoya (2014)
Spoo Pow - Mat7awlch (2015)
Spoo Pow - Ghanb9a Bouhdi (2016)
Klass A vs Shayfeen
Shobee Of Shayfeen - Dissing Freestyle
Klass-A - Wach Katssma3 AL'Kelb
Shobee Of Shayfeen - Wach Katssma3 Oula
Small X Of Shayfeen - Taht Samta
L'Morphine vs Lmoutchou
L'morphine - f3ayl L9arda
L'Morphine - Balak 3lya
Lmoutchou - Yan Sin Krad
L'Morphine - Ay9ona
Lmoutchou - Rap Game Of Thrones
L'Morphine - L'Morphiniya 27
L'Morphine - L'Morphiniya 29
L'Morphine - L'Morphinya 30
Dizzy Dros vs Mr Danger
Mr Danger - 3azzy 3ndo Skimo
Dizzy Dros - Freestyle Moroccan Rap
Guzman vs T-Flow
Guzman - Istanbul
T-Flow - L3afia
Don Bigg vs Gamehdi
Don Bigg vs Kachela
L3arbé feat Mouahid & Mojrim - Rja3na
L3arbé - Bigg The Dog
Kachela vs Keniclan
Gamehdi vs L'Morphine
L'Morphine - 3o9ab
Gamehdi - 7outa
L'Morphine - L'Morphinya 4
Kafline vs Mr Crazy
Kafline - 3id L'Porno
Badr KL - Microbe
Jen vs L'Morphine
JEN - Wlidate L7ajI know I dream about her all day
I think about her with her clothes off
I'm riding 'round in my system bumping LSD
I look for ways to say I love you
But I ain't into making love songs
Baby, I'm just rapping to this LSD
She ain't a stranger to the city life
I introduced her to this hippy life
We made love under pretty lights, LSD
Ooh, get a feeling it's a trippy night
Them other drugs just don't fit me right
Girl, you know I really want love, sex, dreams

Party just started up
Dream of sharing love
Tongue at a lost for words
Cause my feelings just said it all
Party just started up
Dream of sharing love
Feelings for way too long
Said I really want to let it go
Said I really want to let it go
Said I really want to let it go
Said I really want to let it go

Yeah, we was up in the mountains
Five or ten days man, I wasn't really counting
Sipping on the shroom tea, I was never innocent
Living it, baby, can I smash? Count there, fuck it
I'm a nigga on a mission, I'm not here because of talent
Young and reckless too, keep it on a balance
Baby, you was tripping, now I'm reminiscing
'Bout a week in Utah when we went cowtipping
The prettiest thing that I ever seen
Didn't know that you had a thing for the morphine, the morphine
Remember what you told me cause you promised?
Ain't heard from you in months, I hate you to be honest
And now every single love song that I hear can make me vomit
And I really want to see you, your presence is a comet
Just a streak of beauty, see how you do me? And now my crew be
Thinking that I'm cooky when you did this to me
Now I'm through we can't end it smoothly, go see your groupies
While I roll another doobie, headed to the movies
Please excuse me
Yeah, please excuse meYeah, never been told, never been told

I started hangin' with my older cousin
Now my family callin' me a thug
But he the one that show me love
So he the one that get my trust
Yeah, he the one that slangin' drugs
Even I don't really give a fuck
I think he just misunderstood
That nigga really from the mud
I'm tryna take him from the hood
See, I'm tryna take him from the hood
I'm tryna give my niggas dots
You in my way and I'm surprised
I drop up them pot
Drop buyers been lie
Drop top feels right
Since a boy I been stylin'
Every time I get to ballin'
My mama always get to bawling
She says she think I got a problem
She think that I'ma workaholic
Or what ever you wanna call it
I just be livin' in the moment
It costs a lot for Decarnes
But I can't cop 'em in my coffin
I swear I do it way too often
I run it up and run amuck
You can't defeat the one on one
Especially not one on one
Mic strike like lightning
Bright night white lighting
Niggas really like biting
Niggas really Mike Tyson

Aye, Ezzy I feel you
Aye, we gon' spark one up for the city

Aye, started blazin' rolling papers
Gettin' faded way before I was shavin'
That must have been 7th grade then
Way back in auntie's basement
Way back when I was anxious
Way back catching cases
Legal fees got me workin' hard tryna pay back daddy's savings
Why they tell me be patient?
Why they tell me be gracious?
Why don't they acknowledge I did all this by myself? I ain't need favors
God damn I be gettin' high
Doesn't mean I'm getting lazy
Teachers teaching 'bout Reagan
I'm tryna be Jay-Z
Only presidents in my residence all got green faces
I don't put em in the banks neither
Bet it all on races
Spades game throwing Aces
Crib lookin' like Vegas
Cleveland in my blood bitch
That shit ain't changin'
IPad, new playlist
I'm that new favorite
Eyes red like Satan's
Roll white like angels
I'm suited up like Frank was
Sam Cooke, Sam Davis
Now I'm tryna be the greatest
That's a motherfuckin' statement
Limitations only for the fakers
I can do whatever like The Matrix
18 with a baby on the way
2 years later, major labels
Dappin' Kobe like he know me
Feet on the wood sittin' at the Staples
Face on the big screen
Rooting for my home team

All that sleepin' on me
And you still ain't chasin' no dreams
And you crazy everybody tryna milk me still ain't gettin' no cream
I only do my own thing
I only want the whole thing
My flow is like a morphine
I only want the morphines
I'm headed from the bottom to the top and I ain't stoppin'
No, that is not a option
Niggas livin' like it's Gotham
These niggas robbin' gotta watch 'em
Sick and tired of living out of fear
So they gon' hate me when I'm outta here
They wonder how I do it all without a deal man
That's just how it is for real

Like, I don't know I just got the skill for real*eerie winds blow*
*winds die down as beat drops*

It had to be this way
This is for real
Nobody said it would be easy
So let it be (ooh.. oh yeah)

Aiyo, S.I.N.Y., Killa Bee hive
Eastside, duckin' the 5, roll wit' the live
Sweet Love, sweep me in the bug eye, we 'bout to glide
Head fried, spittin' the scribe, move in disguise
Wan' test I? Access denied
I live and die by the motto: let none survive
Livin' off my last cut, can't hold the sword up
You can have that for free before I take your best offer
Stalker, preparin' for your sayonara
Torture, test my waters, I come like orca
Niggas need life supporters, for bein' so weak
I speak as a veteran and lace the heads I've creased
And leave my footprints wherever I've blessed my presence
I.N.S. livin' legend 'til the essence
Given with no prescription, this is the medicine
Settin' a new standard, they fail measurin'
Up to, they suck too, thorns in the hustle
Pawns in the struggle
Darts fly like C.I.s beyond the jungle
Trouble Man can't dance the Hollywood Shuffle
Knees buckle when the Killa Bees come through
All you heard was "1, 2", then the gun blew, question is, "From who?"
Numb you like a 100 CCs of morphine
Taken daily - keep out of reach of your offsprings

Too hot to handle, too cold to hold
You pumpin' that substance, that's uncontrolled
*repeat 2x*

Too cold to hold, substance uncontrolled
Five-O said, "Tell it to the judge"; I never told
Never fold, though some turn like fake gold
Young and old I lock down like parole holds
In the midst where the clips blow, I rip shows
Hit your zip code, my sick flow condones
Soon to spread like Ebola, the autopsy showed the reports
Another John Doe overdoser
Overexposure, facin' the flame thrower
I hold ya hostage — code name's the Ayatollah
Mind controller, 2009 time quota
The high roller, sting like a king cobra
Blow the whistle on kids who unofficial
Pistol pops, ceremony deep within the gristle
Nickel and dime, rhymes sign of the times, my lifeline
Bubble like a fine wine, dyin' for mines
The dopeman, deliver like the postman
Patrol man, saw the hand-to-hand, did I run?
They know I got the teens strung, plus the fiends come
In abundance, lined up, spendin' 100's
The substance provides continuous high
I'll give you one free for every 5 sides you buy
Gettin' high off my own supply, low in the ride
With the low eye, daybreak and making dough rise


My style's so underground, I write rhymes on fossils
Use as directed and wear protective goggles
Shaolin's the borough, rap Picasso
Blow like a hollow-point, foes sure to follow
Pop a bottle forever, can't stop tomorow
Chewin' all food for thought, hard to swallow
Cold like Chicago winds, taps on my convo
El Diablo cross the Verrazano
P.L.O. Style, released while the beasts raid
And those who can't stand the heat, they seek shade
The rapture was told of how one man tackled the globe
We go so deep, it rattles your soul
I see many have come, but few are chose for the role
In this ritual, rhymes walkin' on hot coals
Quick to spot those who pose as friends and foes
Wind up violated like I was the P-O

Satisfaction or your money back
Gotta keep to makin' comebacks
It's the best that you ever had
Got you fiendin' on the next bag

Uncontrolled...LIMOSA NOSTRA
NOW LISTEN
HEADBAND
BOOGIE (YEAH)
I ONE NIGHT IT
I JUST LIGHT IT
I DON'T NEVER WRITE IT
I JUST SPITE IT
I MEANT SPIT IT
DON'T YOU FUCKING GET IT
I'm THE ILLEST WITH IT
ALL MY CLOTHES FITTED
AND THE MORPHINE GOT ME LEANIN' LIKE I'm TILTED
MAMA SAID THAT SHE BEEN ON FOR A MONTH NOW
I TOLD HER THAT SHE PROBABLY NEVER GONNA COME DOWN
BUT IT DON'T MATTER BABY, WE COULD GET IT DONE NOW
NOW I'm FROM CT, BABY TELL THEM WHERE YOU FROM NOW
BUT SHE DON'T CARE, SHE JUST KEEP TYPING ON HER PAGER
SHE GET TOO CUTE THEN SHE GET LOST LIKE I ERASE HER
I AIN'T THE CAPTAIN, I AIN'T GON SAVE HER
PROBABLY CAUSE THE OTHER DUDES GOTTA PAY HER
MAMA I AIN'T REALLY DOIN SHIT TOMORROW
I KNOW YOU FLY YOU ROCK THE LOUBIES NOT THE ZARA
ALOTTA TATS I ROCK MY BUTTONS TO MY COLLAR
AND YOU AIN'T GOTTA DO NUTHIN JUST SWALLA
AND NOW I COULD GET THE FEELIN THAT SHE ON SOMETHIN'
AND THE PEOPLES TO MY SIDE SAY SHE WANT SOMETHIN'
AND THE DUDE WITH HER, HE AIN'T REALLY OFF NOTHIN'
I KNOW, I'mma GO AND PUT HER ON SOMETHIN'
I'm RICK HIL, COMIN' STRAIGHT UP OUTTA SLICKVILLE
LIGHIN' UP MY BLUNTS WITH A BLACK BIC STILL
AND THE BITCHES 'ROUND MY WAY TAKIN' PICS STILL
THEY BLOW A KISS TO HIL, LET ME HIT THEIR CLITS STILL
NOW I'm JUST KUSHIN', SHE JUST PUSHIN WITH THAT FAT PUSSY
THEY JUST LOOKIN, THEY AIN'T FUCKIN' WITH MY BLACK STUSSY
WE BE HOOKIN', THEY AIN'T BOOKIN' ANY BAD PUSSY
I HAD A GOOD ONE, '06 FAT TOOSHIE
SHOUT OUT TO 
I'm JUST FUCKIN' AROUNDJ'ai vu ma mère amorphe et morfler sous morphine
Ses traits que la mort fane quand elle côtoie Morphée
J'ai vu. J'ai vu l'diable, j'avais même pas dix piges
J'suis devenu un de ses disciples priant sous une lune noire
Jeté en pleine mer gelée, sans patins
Ma jeunesse : une putain ligotée à mon plumard
Les vagues m'écorchent mais ne me font plus mal
Je vogue accroché à une plume d'oie
C'est dans la mélasse que je meurs seul, hélas
Comme Meursault je me noie dans mes larmes que la mer sale
Dites merci à mes démences au cas où j'canne, car
J'assiste à ma déchéance comme Osamu Dazaï
Je vis entre art et Anthrax avec ce masque qui m'entrave :
Tant qu'il reste un rempart le seigneur ne se rend pas...
Merde... Reprends toi
Ça sera jamais ton grand soir, ta vie est un entracte
(L)

"- J'ai compris qui vous êtes
- Vraiment ? Qu'est ce que vous savez d'autre sur moi?
- Que vous êtes seul... quand ça fait aussi longtemps que moi qu'on travaille de nuit, on finit par les repérer, eh... tout le monde est toujours seul."

J'me souviens de ce pull en cachemire imprégné de son odeur
Ce pull en cauchemar imprimé de mon horreur
Chaque soir j'me couche mort... ou presque
J'voudrais revoir son front pour le décorer d'une couronne
Distant, je sens l'froid faire frire mes poumons...
Le temps passe... mon sang s'glace
Ils disent que l'angoisse a flétri la pomme
De la discorde. Discret, le serpent se pâme
Sous la grêle et les poussières cométaires
Tout verre où tu poses tes lèvres... est un Graal
Et je gueule, prisonnier des vagues de glace :
"Ça m'est égal d'être pris pour un d'vos sacs de frappe !"
Chacun fait sa vie la mienne se forge face au vent
J'crache un caillot d'sang, j'pensais jamais en voir autant
J'entends l'orgue qui joue pour ma dernière danse :
On me largue au milieu d'une mer blanche

Marre d'aimer des murs et de mes amers émois !
Le navire s'amarre comme un poids lourd. Alors
J'arrive à lire "à l'aide" sur la proue, et j'croise
Beaucoup d'hommes à la mer depuis qu'l'amour est mort...I scrape, I crawl, I bleed for this
I fight I brawl I fiend for this I feed on this
I show no signs of weaknesses, I hate the hedonist
I love nights full of sleeplessness
I call suffering my brother. I love him like my mother
We look out for each other, we'd die for one another
I fight, I brawl, I fiend for this
I scrape, I crawl, I bleed for this

Hearts gone, march on. Our lives are par 1
Kids learn to draw guns, before they learn to draw the sun
Emotionless, an orphanage that's full of carcasses
Where feinds score morphine, horror scenes and heartlessness
Paul-bearers carry only sons. Loved ones hang their heads
Best friends could make your bed
Turn a blind eye or catch a blind side when they drive by
Not mine they scream, not mine, then they pop 9's
Impossible, it's impossible they say
I pray to make it work but only Satan listens when I pray
I wish you well, but wishes don't come true
You could throw a brick of gold into a wishing well
I wish you well living inside of a prison cell
Cell-mates put you in checkmate and shove shanks right through your breastplate
And rest assured they won't hesitate
Until you hesitate to respirate, terrorize, suffocate


Sentimental will leave you mental
Cuz nowadays only the lives of the menace are monumental, bloody shirts
The spindle spins red thread into a web
Until the bodies pile up a mile up above your heads
And the webs are full of black widows
Who try and end you with their riddles. Try and keep you in the middle
Til your bones are dry and brittle
You battle, broken and lonesome, until they tear your body open
It could make you, it could break you
Prides roam the streets
Roaring lions seek and devour for power
They'll put you to sleep
His eyes on the sheep
He lies in the heat
No retreat
He loves to greet the fetus of the weak
His children tell them
Bring us something sweet
Bring us white bring us light-skinned bring us dark meat
Young boys with sharp ears
Train with steel spears
It's real here
Someone better kill for a meal hereThrow down your guns, throw down your guns
In the name of love, I put my hands up

Is this some fucked-up situation?
I'm feeling like a mental patient
Tell me why my heart can't stop misbehaving
Gambling won't ever save me
I run around with the wrong men for days
I'm looking for all that it takes to get wasted

Give me a hit of amnesia
So that I can forget that I need you
Give me morphine to make it much easier

Throw down your guns, throw down your guns
In the name of love, I put my hands up
Throw down your guns, throw down your guns
In the name of love, I put my hands up
Nobody move, nobody get hurt
Nobody move, nobody get hurt
Throw down your guns, throw down your guns
In the name of love, I put my hands up

I'll give 'em another dimension
I miss you so much, I'd rather be dead
Baby, take me on a ride up to heaven
I had you deep in my lungs
You took the breath out of me all at once
And I'm sorry for all that I've done

Give me amnesia
So I can forget I need you
Take my morphine
I don't wanna hurt no more, babe
I don't wanna hurt no more, babe

Throw down your guns, throw down your guns
In the name of love, I put my hands up
Throw down your guns, throw down your guns
In the name of love, I put my hands up
Nobody move, nobody get hurt
Nobody move, nobody get hurt
Throw down your guns, throw down your guns
In the name of love, I put my hands up

Nobody move, nobody get hurt
Nobody move, nobody get hurt
Nobody move, nobody get hurt
Nobody move, nobody get hurt

Throw down your guns, throw down your guns
In the name of love, I put my hands up
Throw down your guns, throw down your guns
In the name of love, I put my hands up
Nobody move, nobody get hurt
Nobody move, nobody get hurt
Throw down your guns, throw down your guns
In the name of love, I put my hands upVeikir skórnir þegar
Ég stekk af stað
Inn í frumskóg
Þekkið hlébarðann
Gemmér gull
Gemmér demanta
Heitir tónar
Til að elska hana
Og ég elska hana
Tík plís, vertu mín
Til eilífðar
Tekur mig til skýjanna
Lengst út í heim
Við erum geimfarar
Rúlla um, glingur á mér
Þýsku stáli, vind í hárið
Og ég er orðinn svo háður
Þessi Morphine kláði
Alveg búinn að ná mér
Og ég festist og staðna
En oftast annarsvegar
Er ég ekki til staðar
En hef ekkert að sanna
Held áfram að lifa
Og lít ekki til baka
Með hausinn á vertigo
Japlandi á Suboxone
Tek alltaf meira en nóg
Vaknaðu Þyrnirós
En ég er on
Hækka bassann
Og gef í botn

Ég mun alltaf vera on
Alltaf standa við mitt fólk
Velta og skarta flashy skóm
Á Hereford með pantað borð
Í jogging galla
Blasta tónlist
Rúllandi upp aðra cone
19 tommu hjól rúllandi upp
Að kalla á hoes
Ég þarf alltaf að hafa nóg
Soya sósa og sushi rolls
Chillin með homies
Stafla krónum, þamba bjór
Disquared
Comme des Garcons
Lífið gæti horfið svo fljótt
Og ég er kominn með nóg
Þoli ekki forvitið fólk
Fokk it
Ég er skroppinn í nótt
Set stefnu og sigli yfir
Eða gríp í lyfin
Og ég missi vitið
En ég bolta
Eins og fyriliði
Rúlla yfr svæðið
Eins og hvirfilbylur
Allt sem ég lifi fyrir
Ætla ekki að sitja inni
Svo ég mun harka á
Milljón þar til rignir silfri
Gleði er tík sem ég ætla
Að komast inní
Orðinn svo aumur
Hoppandi í þrautum
Þarf að horfast í augu
Við sjálfann mig
Og þessa löngun
Skínandi keðjur
Grísar og perlur
Sumir leita af
Pening og seðlum
En engin veit í raun og
Veru til hvers við erum
Shades og skart á frosti
Eiturlyf við klofið
Keyrandi um á hvolfi
Blessi mig drottinn
Því ég dansa á línunni
Og á það til
Að stíga yfir hana
En eg chilla með klíkunni
Og við pössum alltaf
Vel uppá hvorn annan
En ég á það til að vilja flýja
Vill bara komast í ró
Tek miklu meira en nóg
Vaknaðu Þyrnirós
En ég er on
Hækka bassann
Og gef í botn
Ég sagði ég er on
Hækka bassann
Og gef í botn

Meðan jörðin hún snýst
Og sólin lýsir allt
Við snúmst í hringi
En lífið snýst um hvað?Last Saturday night, I got married
Me and my wife settled down
Now me and my wife are parted
Gonna take another stroll downtown

Irene goodnight, Irene goodnight
Goodnight Irene, Goodnight Irene
I'll see you in my dreams

Stop rambling, stop your gambling
Stop staying out late at night
Come home to your wife and your family
And sit by the fire so bright


I love Irene, God knows I do
Love her 'til the rivers run dry
If Irene should ever turn her back on me
Gonna take morphine and dieYou started having these migraines at a ripe age
Doctor gave you codeine just to ease a slight pain
Started crippling you by the age of fourteen
So the doctor decided to give you morphine
That was the first time you tasted what the high was like
Your brain was so fragile you weren't in your right mind
We never understood that when you used to have it
We were seeing the beginnings of a future addict
And that's an honest mistake the doctor had made
He only meant to help you in a positive way
And pointing fingers in this whole shit is not going change
That we all awoken a demon that was locked in a cage
I know the drug way of life is a lonely one
I hate that it went and attracted both of us
And opiates is so hard to overcome
Playing Russian roulette with a needle as a loaded gun

Early warnings never come
Life is good when we were young
Just like the early morning sun
We will rise up
Life is good when we were young

We didn't know you were getting bullied every day
Tortured, but wasn't strong enough to ever say
School is such a tender age it moulds you in every way
Forms in forever shapes your mental state
After copping more abuse from the friends you made
All you wanted was to get some fucking better mates
So when your head would ache, you just medicate
Now you found a better way to get away from any pain
So while you crying and lying in your bed awake
You know when the doc injects your veins it'll set you straight
We didn't know because you didn't have to ever chase
Saying you got a migraines would take you to a better place
Yo, this shit is going overboard
Too deep for me to help you stay afloat at all
All we've got left is hope so we hope for more
Because having false hope is better than not having hope at all

Early warnings never come
Life is good when we were young
Just like the early morning sun
We will rise up
Life is good when we were young

There's a day I can't wipe from my memory though
Like a episode of my life that I'm forgetting to close
He was done from life from ready to go
Ready to hang his head in shame but at the end of a rope
His addiction has ruined everything though
Pushed away all his family and friends that he knows
We could of helped but he was too ashamed to let us all know
We thought he found us annoying so we left him alone
For some reason Mum and Dad was sensing it though
Their instinct kicked in so they went to his home
He was trying to get clean so he went at it alone
So many downers he would of ended up dead on his own (yeah)
I got a call that made me burst into tears
I never heard my Dad cry and it hurt me to hear
Told him it was a blessing it could be worse than it is
Bring him home to those that love him for the person he is

Early warnings never come
Life is good when we were young
Just like the early morning sun
We will rise up
Life is good when we were youngReal shit, I said
The name of the game
Get the change fuck the fame
If it ain't about no money, I ain't fucking with you gains
When I was cuffed in the chains
Niggas ain't give me a holla
Bail ninety five hundred, niggas ain't give me a dollar
That's the number one problem
No respect, no loyalty
Business over bitches, that's number one and most importantly
Today I fell, I know ya would be the ones that supporting me
I call the phone, ya hitting buttons avoiding me
I was in my cell boiling, like when I touchdown
I'mma kill something
That's when I caught myself, like nigga get a deal or something
Eat a mill or something, getting rich will make em sick
The main ones I thought that was real, they was fake as shit
Talking bout they never change
I needed help, they never came
Same time you making money off my name
Know whats fucked up in the game
Cause God just had to show me
Who to keep close to me and on the real you niggas owe me
Shit my mom was the one that told me
Man them niggas ain't gon' ride, when you down doing your time
They acting out here like you died
So I'm laughing with a smile
Man the game switching lanes, and I ain't dissing on you niggas, nah
I'm just spitting pain
This is real shit, flowing like the blood that's in my veins
Homie feel this cause it can happen to your boy the same
I'm the only boy to blame
Cause I was down for you niggas
I would ride, I would die, bust my pound for you niggas like
I was on cortine, living like a poor fiend
Niggas taking meds, just to kill the pain like its morphine
Yea, go ahead sleep on me
You boys dream, and I be at it chasing cabbage, serving more cream
I had to separate myself from the lames
Had to realize that me and niggas ain't the same, can't complain
I kept it a hundred, sunny or rain
Through the fame or the pain, regardless I would remain the same
But like EA sports I'm in the game
But my homies looking like four quarters the way they change
Shit, could it be the money or could it be the horse
Man I don't even know, it could be either or
Niggas get nice like Mike and try to leave they Bulls
For the love of the green, turn around and change they team
For this money dawg, I done seen some crazy things
But I'm still in good condition like maybelline
That's why I'm trynna bubble like shampoo
But on the low though, I'm on my solo like zanduShe played Knock-a-door run on the local priest
If she ends up in hell then that's where I want to be
Stay here with me keep me happy no no, keep me sane
Just a strong dose of morphine no, she helps to ease the pain

Is she imaginary?
Is she imaginary?
Is she imaginary?
She's got me dancing
Is she imaginary?
Is she imaginary?
Is she uh
She's got me dancing
She's got me dancing
She's got me dancing
Goose

I've been stabbed by cupid no it's clear to see that I'm her fool
I'm lovesick and stupid no she's too good no she's ice cool
Whatever kind of weather
She'd come to see me in red Dr Marten leather

Is she imaginary?
Is she imaginary?
Is she imaginary?
She's got me dancing
Is she imaginary?
Is she imaginary?
Is she uh
She's got me dancing
She's got me dancing
She's got me dancing
Goose

She's got me dancing
She's got me dancing
She's got me dancing
She's got me dancing
GooseI finesse with class
All hit no pass
Don't believe me then just watch and learn
I don't feel don't ask
Just please, all ass
I can't really be you bachelor
End with no kiss don't spazz
All net I chaz all the moneyshots up on your mouth
It's a good day for cash and bad habit passion now you in the past tense
I only like when you talk in the pillow
Now don't play and catch a feela
Tell drew to bring a hundred billas
Cause this lil girls acting some novelas
I don't wanna try love babe I'm tangent
I'm like chance way better independent
Sometimes I wanna go back to the bando
Cause these bitches never heading where the bands at

SOLO DOLO
Make bread with my homie Han Solo
HOLLA BALLERS
Spread it out baby no butter
SOLO DOLO
Make bread with my homie Han Solo
HOLLA BALLERS
Spread it out baby no butter

Aye, I remember dreaming bout the big league
Woah, now I moved on went to big things
No, never could've been a better big three
I, always still fiend to get some more green
Splurge, spend the pain away like it's morphine
Go, get another rack then I dread CREAM
Gold, melting on my neck vanilla ice cream
GOLD MELTING ON MY NECK VANILLA ICE CREAM AYE
Backwards do I say it like I'm Yoda
Florida boy hopping out Dakota
And I'm feeling colder
Cause they drink my lyrics like its soda
Making money sitting on the sofa
And I'm getting older
But I'm feeling bolder
New flows, big shows feeling like the owner
Sitting on the game just like a roller coaster
Ballin on them hard James Harden with the floater

Shut up, shut up
Don't run yo mouth get cut upI went to see you at the hospital
I found you laying in your room
I stood beside your bedside every night
I did my best to comfort you
It's the morphine and the painkillers
That left you tired and confused
They said the cancer wasn't curable
They said there's nothing they could do

(What is happening?)
I don't believe a word they say
(What is happening?)
I couldn't watch you fade away

All I'm saying is the ending scares me every time
Your words replaying
Over and over I save them in my mind
Now I'm grabbing a hold
Of what's about to unfold
I'm walking hospital halls now that you're gone
All I'm saying
Is I still call your answering machine

I know, I've been busy now the last little while
I've got a, small apartment in Ottawa
I've got a girl with a beautiful smile
I've got dreams, I've got needs
I've got things I believe
That I just can not let go
I still, think about you every single day
I still miss that old North Hansen Home
Sometimes I wanna go home

All I'm saying is the ending scares me every time
Your words replaying
Over and over I save them in my mind
Now I'm grabbing a hold
Of what's about to unfold
I'm walking hospital halls now that you're gone
All I'm saying
Is I still call your answering machine

I'm so scared, I'm trembling
Your words worth remembering
I'm so scared (I'm scared), I'm trembling (I'm trembling)
Your words worth (your words worth) rememberingShe looks as an African Queen
She eating twelve chapattis and cream
She tastes as Mongolian lamb
She coming from out of Bahran

What a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party
What a shame Mary Jane what a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party

She like to be married with Yetti
He grooving such cookie spaghetti
She jumping as Mexican bean
To make that her body morphine

What a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party
What a shame Mary Jane what a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party

She catch Patagonian pancake
With that one and gin party makes
She having always good contact
She making with Apple and contract
[Chorus
What a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party
What a shame Mary Jane what a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party
All together now

What a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party
What a shame what what a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party
What a shame what a shame what a shame what a shame
Mary Jane had a pain at the party
What a shame what a shame what a shame what a shame
Mary Jane had a pain at the party
What a shame what a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party
What a shame what a shame what a shame
Mary Jane had a pain at the party
What a shame Mary Jane Mary Jane had a pain at the party
What a shame Mary Jane what a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party
What a shame Mary Jane what a shame

She looks as an African Queen
She tastes as Mongolian lamb

What a shame Mary Jane what a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party
All together now
What a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party
What a shame what what a shame Mary Jane had a pain at the party
What a shame what a shame what a shame what a shame
Let's hear it
Before we get taken away-Stalled
And leaning backwards
Following all the rules
You left
Baby steps
Long, laborious lobotomy
Performed on me
Woke every night
Same questions asked
I don't remember
It's been so long, yet I remember you like scars
A perfect picture, everyday
It's been so long, yet I remember how it was
I used to be your everything and anything
Since I've been gone, I've been forgetting all I was
But you're still clearer than the day, everyday
Come down
Come home
Melt in morphine
All alone
Still alive
Still whole
Still in toxic chemicals
Still intoxicated love
Dizzy mess inside my bones
I still remember
I still remember
Now I feel a little hypnotized
Sentimental of your scent tonight
Sent my mental off, I feel just fine
Got my heart; it's all need this time
Yeah
It's been so long, yet I remember you like scars
A perfect picture, everyday
It's been so long, yet I remember how it was
I used to be your everything and anything
Since I've been gone, I've been forgetting how I was
But you're still clearer than the day, everydayHoney, I'm an animal
Without a manual
I've been shooting from the hips since I was
Very young
A silver-tongued devil
Mama raised a rebel
Sorry if you thought this was love

And you're right if I had you tonight I wouldn't call the next day
I've been thinking we've been drinking the fire to keep the demons at bay

I'm just another modern ani-
Animal, animal
I'm just another modern ani-
Animal
Oh, ain't got no manual, yeah yeah
I'm just another modern animal

I see the world with childlike wonder
Sometimes you get under
Someone to get over them now
Fell in love
With your own reflection
Intimate affection
Classically conditioned to see

The stripes on your skin
We sin to keep hunting prey
Some things I can't control
In my soul it tells me to stay

I'm just another modern ani-
Animal, animal
I'm just another modern ani-
Animal
Oh, I ain't got no manual, yeah yeah
I'm just another modern ani-
Animal

Honey, no way
Too evolved for me
Make a mistake
Show you all my teeth
When you're lying in fluorescence
Sliding off your dress with
A fortune teller prescience


Open my love
Come in to the shadows
I've been waiting for you
Morphine made you do this
I want to be open, my love
Combing through the shallows
I've been patient, your move
Nothing in between us
I want to be open, my love
Hold me while you dazzle
I've been waiting for you
On your wheels you pull me
I want to be open
I want to be open
I want to be openKeepin' my groove on
Yeah, you can't keep a Gorilla out this motherfucker
Yeah, yo, oh my God, oh my God
Gorillaz runnin' down on you real hard
Oh my God, oh my God
Gorillaz runnin' down on you real hard

Yo they call me Redman on stage slash Gorilla
So big I ride on back of vans like Magilla
My chest is hairy as fuck my back as well
Shit my granddad was built like a half a whaile
We rip through cell doors we don't ask for bail
Happy Gilmore Gorilla whooping ass for real
Beat you down till they knock me for a night in jail
Then I'm back on purple hills so I can jack the jill
They pass the ? I'm drunk tipsy punk
My sweat become whisky I'm looking for Lewinsky
So I can get head, done, get off me girl
I'm crooked like white folks dancin offbeat
Gangsta, I'm waitin for that ape to cross me
Shut up, now you gotta pay for morphine
We are them Gorillaz you starvin the fillers
We deep like parliament members, we're carvin' up winners

Yo, I hear Gorillaz goin
All my Gorillaz goin
Brick City Gorillaz goin
N.Y. Gorillaz goin
Californian Gorillaz goin
My Florida Gorillaz goin
My Texas Gorillaz goin
Shack Town Gorillaz goin

Here you go
Get the cool, get the cool shoe shine
Get the cool, get the cool shoe shine
Get the cool, get the cool shoe shine
Get the cool, get the cool shoe shine

Yo, who's that ape? It's Mighty Joe Young
Lights, camera, action, roll drums
Now let me ask you what it feel like
With a banana in your tail pipe
Immortal, I walk the jungle with my balls showin
See me coming, better leave like when bar closing
At the bar posing with my Sean Combs brim
On the broad to get her bra open
See a Gorilla take it they don't ask
I'm pissed on the boss desk when he laid on cash
My whole state, I'm a grown ass man
Sole survivor I write with Bobby Womack hands
Holding me down when I'm the one
The last one with a bomb and the timer on
You are them Gorillaz you starvin the fillers
We deep like parliament members, we're carvin' up winners

Yo, I hear Gorillaz goin
Yo, my Gorillaz goin
My Minnesota Gorillaz goin
My Detroit Gorillaz goin
My Oakland Gorillaz goin
My Indiana Gorillaz goin
My Atlanta Gorillaz goin
Yo, my Canada Gorillaz goin
I hear Gorillaz goin
Yo, I hear Gorillaz goin
Yo, I hear Gorillaz goin
Yo, all my Gorillaz goin
Ha, I hear Gorillaz goin
Yo, I hear Gorillaz goin
Yo, all my Gorillaz goin

Here you go
Get the cool, get the cool shoe shine (Gorilla)
Get the cool, get the cool shoe shine (Gorilla)
Get the cool, get the cool shoe shine (Gorilla)
Get the cool, get the cool shoe shine (Gorilla)Paroles de L'Morphine "L’exorciste"
F'rap tankhdem malaki Lissri f7yati Limni Kter
Melhouf 3el midaylya ghi jry
Wayak itra lik b7al lguerrouj f Sydney 3ter
B7al tislit ou Isly
Nt3aneg ana ou Rap w n3emro b dmou3na b7er
Controle F6 ou bascule l'jihty
B'lMajuscule M-PSY 7it gua3 nass tatgoulli hder
Rap L3abati
Loughz D'la magie
Lc'auchemar li ifiye9ek gued gued m3a lfjer
Mssr7 Lla m39ool
Ssi7r talamiss
Lhedra nhar tfhemha tgoul ched ched mcha l3mer
Ta9o b l'abstrait tangoul baraka
7ebbes hadchi 3ada chitany tayzidni ster
Rakeb f train 3mri m9te3 ghe l'aller
Lwan rap ketro wana b7al tor ha l7mer
7at 7etta we7da 7it makaynch f rassm a3id
Men neyti jayb chouayti ou jay nchewet rass lmra3id
Mafrasskch hadi maktabch nla9ik f chi feat bach thbel
Pleonasme akhi t7guer L'Morpho
B7al latagoul chi flouka gher9at f jbel
3aych f 7jayt boussbel
L'morphine mo3wa9 chayt lou 39el
Kayn ddki ou kayn l'balid
B7al Ljidr moraba3 tan9ele3ha l'nwamer
Li matayrdawch bel wa9i3 a lwalid
Rap o l3ilm Nafi3 tankalih ghi kan kari
3ad bgha ybni ou jebt lou l'maquette
Blani chref ou mazal 7akem malika Helisabeth
Lssani kaytiri raquette tleb lmoussama7a lmalik
Koulla track moufaja2a d'charit
2015 3awtani ghanffere9 lfanid, l'anniversaire
Blani versih, blani fih ser
Lssani gher sir, jouani fih her
Klami tayder bssmllah (shuffle up & Deal)
Tsswar 9lal 3endi mssafer f rap b'sslip
Tanflowe men 3endi ou tankteb bla Wikipedia
Tanchouf ki ndir lha bla manl7ess hnak lchguer
Khliw rap b3id madirouhch tel3a l9sser
L9sser lkbir
3arftiha blad l7chiche chkoune li khlak t3ich
Bach tjik lblad confortable khass t9oune 9abel
Consommer lconsommable
W chfer ouchouf ach dir bach ikoun ejjib 3amer
Machi koulchi dib 3aref
Jebt Excelsior exorciste
L'album ayjik b7al la l9iti f darkoum chi film talef
7ellni b7al chi exercice mess2ala
Dressi mixi disque bach f wdnk tl9ana
Dkhakhen kter men l'machine à fumer d'Taratata
L7ayat mawad7ach m3ana
Mkhlyana f dbaba
Normal tssme3 hada dreb hada
B7al dima Hakuna Matata chata mata
Mayl ou machi normal b7al tour de PiseThose spirits in the wood
I can't count them all
Run me down the briar
Chase me till I fall
The dead white witch's gaze
Mirror's mine at night
Dares my soul to sleep
Wants my soul to keep
Sister
Sister of mine
Set the sky on fire
The savage kingdom is blind
Those spirits in the wood
I can't name them all
Place me in a hood
Walk me to the wall
All these lonely things
I have held so near
You glean just the same
Yet they're never here
Sister
Sister of mine
Set the sky on fire
The savage kingdom is blind
The morphine drugged the man who marooned
The captain steered the ship to ruin
The crow released the Crimson balloon
The morphine drugged the man who maroonedI'm caught
Somewhere in between
Alive
And living a dream
No peace
Just clicking machines
In the quiet of compazine
The walls caved in on me

And she sings
My bird dressed in white
And she stings
My arm in the night
I lay still
Still I'm ready to fight
Have my lungs
But you can't take my sight
And the walls caved in tonight

Out here
I watch the sun circle the earth
The marrows collide in rebirth
In God's glory praise
The spirit calls out from the caves
The walls fell and there I lay
Saved

The walls are caving in
As far as I can see
The walls are caving in
The doors got locked for sure
There's no one here but me

Beat my body like a rag doll
Stuck your needles in my hip
Said we're not gonna lie
Son you just might die
Get you on that morphine drip
Drip

The walls are caving in
As far as I can see
The walls are caving in
The doors got locked for sure
There's no one here but me

I fought a war to walk a gangplank
Into a life I left behind
A window's leading to the past
Think it's time I broke some glass
Get this history off my mind

And what if we were buried forever
Like the past never happened
And time did not exist for us at all
I think we'd still be traveling together
Through all kinds of weather
Everything's a piece of everyone
As far as I can see

The walls are caving in
As far as I can see
The walls are caving in
The doors got locked for sure
But I see these doors have keys
The walls are caving in
As far as I can see
The walls are caving in
The doors got locked for sure
There's no one here but me
There's no one here but meI hope it comforts you
To know that I'm alone
Morphine has lied to me
Saying "it'll be alright"

But I feel I've come to terms with myself
And I belong away from your baton, babe

Me and my friends don't
Feel that weighed down
Work, tear, lie, fear
I'll be right here

If I'm a dog
You're a swine
And I'll be clean
When you fly

Well maybe I'm just hopped up on ideas
Goddamn babe
I feel your heart weighs a ton
But I'm all ears

But I feel I've come to terms with myself
And I belong away from your baton, babe

Me and my friends don't
Feel that weighed down
Work, tear, lie, fear
I'll be right here

I guess I'm just zombie eyedWe all so scared cause its, its war everywhere, you know
War everywhere
(Chorus)
How many friends will we see die? (Why we so scared cause it's war everywhere)
How many friends will we see cry? (It's war everywhere)
How many friends will we see try? (Why we so scared cause it's war everywhere)
How many friends will we see die? (It's war everywhere)
All we need is a little love, and someone standing for the little thugs
And I see brutality all over niggas killin' niggas
The ghetto got them being born to be killas
Flooded with drugs and tryin to get us, so get up
But don't give up, ya'll gotta sit up
If you last before they kill us
And the guerillas, try come kill us
Pillage the village and we'll be winna
I love it when niggas the way we took it to another level
So many rebels doing the best shit forever remembered
And in the killing fields, everybody's locked up
And good niggas getting shot up da dadan dada
Mind if I say something for mine
Cause it's about time, to get serious
A mysterious time, blind melons
It ain't no telling, if the willing
Will stop chillin', then help the children
Turning them out, then burning them out
Like morphine, waters getting shallow
It's over and over the gallow
A president in the drop, it's on now though
The end of life, for now so
I think it's the ozone, bad to the bone bone
Mother Nature be long gone
And don't nobody wanna do nothing but speculate
And all they worried about their own
Wrote a song for the future
Millenium, I'm in, I'm hopeing it don't last untill we all past
Living in the stars, looking through grass
Aboard the enterprise, recognize this, in the course of a da-da-da-da-da-da-day
And thats the way we sing, thats the way we play
That's the way they . . now and

Still got bombs from the cold war, radioactive
And the critics, they won't take action
They want us to repo this to your satisfaction
But while they build more, computers keep crashing
What about felling, pestilence dammit
How do we manage to keep standing
Living in a legacy of bitterness
With the epitimy of vigorous trips on the ships we were crammed in, slammed in
Other man and them, why don't we demanding our damn money
If we can't get forty acres and a meal, let a nigga get a range rover
Shit you got two on you, I'm still waiting on a canoe, but it will never come
I don't even know where I come from or where I'm gonna go to
I'm headed to the mother land, but will I be accepted by the brotha man?
Awww me so confused, with nothing to gain and everything to lose, choose
The righteous and the high, look in the eyes and realize the lies
Family ties, but not even for the have-nots
Who the enemy? It ain't me. It ain't even the police
Unless they trippin', and use that authority and start flippin', flippin'
Leaving dead bodies, and with them bitchin' hotties
That poppin' the collar, my god I'm horny, ride shotty
And tellin' the kids that ain't the way to live properly
Get yo monopoly and get your own property
And that's the way we sing, and that's the way we play
And that's the way they . . . now and

Ooooh and the daddies and momma forgivin' so we can live with us
And all the runaways get off the bus
Kids, put the guns down, come down
If the rest build a bridge with us, it gotta get better than this
It's head of the risk, shoulda been poor, and I been rich
Lost so many friends to the war shit, caution
When I get to walkin', and it's mobbin', nigga in a crypt
Life is a fight to the street life, tonight
I might go meet the reaper, and I will give him a hug
And tell him "Thug luv won and I'm so glad to meet ya"
And that's the way we sing, and that's the way we play
And that's the way they . . . now andI scrape, I crawl, I bleed for this
I fight, I brawl, I feind for this I feed on this
I show no signs of weaknesses, I hate the hedonist
I love nights full of sleeplessness
I call suffering my brother, I love him like my mother
We look out for each other, we'd die for one another
I fight, I brawl, I feind for this
I scrape, I crawl, I bleed for this
Hearts gone, march on, our lives are par 1
Kids learn to draw guns, before they learn to draw the sun
Emotionless, an orphanage that's full of carcasses
Where feinds score morphine, horror scenes and heartlessness
Pallbearers carry only sons, loved ones hang their heads
Best friends could make your bed
Turn a blind eye or catch a blind side when they drive by
Not mine they scream, not mine, then they pop 9's
Impossible, it's impossible they say
I pray to make it work but only Satan listens when I pray
I wish you well, but wishes don't come true
You could throw a brick of gold into a wishing well
I wish you well, living sinful inside of a prison cell
Cell-mates put you in checkmate and shove shanks right through your breastplate
And rest assured they won't hesitate
Until you hesitate to respirate, terrorize, suffocate
I scrape, I crawl, I bleed for this
I fight I brawl I feind for this I feed on this
I show no signs of weaknesses, I hate the hedonist
I love nights full of sleeplessness
I call suffering my brother. I love him like my mother
We look out for each other, we'd die for one another
I fight, I brawl, I feind for this
I scrape, I crawl, I bleed for this
Sentimental will leave you mental
Cause nowadays only the lives of the menace are monumental, bloody shirts
The spindle spins red thread into a web
Until the bodies pile up a mile up above your heads
And the webs are full of black widows
Who try and end you with their riddles, Try and keep you in the middle
Til your bones are dry and brittle
You battle. broken and lonesome, until they tear your body open
It could make you, it could break you
Prides roam the streets
Roaring lions seek and devour for power
They'll put you to sleep
His eyes on the sheep
He lies in the heat
No retreat
He loves to greet the fetus of the weak
His children tell them
Bring us something sweet
Bring us white bring us light-skinned bring us dark meat
Young boys with sharp ears
Train with steel spears
It's real here
Someone better kill for a meal here
I scrape, I crawl, I bleed for this
I fight I brawl I feind for this I feed on this
I show no signs of weaknesses, I hate the hedonist
I love nights full of sleeplessness
I call suffering my brother. I love him like my mother
We look out for each other, we'd die for one another
I fight, I brawl, I feind for this
I scrape, I crawl, I bleed for thisLet me tell you bout my homie, he was 14
He'd been searchin' truth like forever havin' more dreams
And he couldn't settle for the basics of the core things
Yeah my dude just had a feelin' no morphine
Yeah my boy had concerns like a thousand
He'd been climbing hope for a minute no mountain
And they all different that I can't stop countin
Whole town thought he crazy need counceling
And then dude said I'm dyin' enough
Yeah I'm gonna just do it like Shia Lebouf
I'm goin straight up baby to the man that I trust
Cause I know what's real so I'm goin with guts
And my homie just basic no Einstein
Yeah he never had a playlist or a timeline
And he just like us no limelight
Till they both came down from the skyline

We gon bring it back for ya baby more dreams
And if  you got questions then you know you gonna see
So imma bring it back for ya
Know I'd go to bat for ya
I know where you at when you go to your knees
We gon bring it back for ya baby more dreams
And if  you got questions then you know you gonna see
So imma bring it back for ya
Know I'd go to bat for ya
I know where you at when you go to your knees

Flash forward when I find out bout this miracle
Yeah ya boy goin crazy like hysterical
Yo I gotta tell my story like parables
And that's a battle you folks, no marital
And what if that I told you that my life a bad dream
On a slippery slope I ain't talkin Vaseline
In that real world baby I ain't talkin casting
Need a new life throw me somethin that lasts me
Yeah ya boy fasting So I turn a new leaf
Had a fresh start come in like we made a new beat
Took life like its greatest so I let it pass me
Gave up on the wheel so I took the back seat
This wheel where you been
No refried
Here's some truth for your soul
Dont deny
This a piece of the pie like key lime
And did it ever really happen you decide

We gon bring it back for ya baby more dreams
And if  you got questions then you know you gonna see
So imma bring it back for ya
Know I'd go to bat for ya
I know where you at when you go to your knees
We gon bring it back for ya baby more dreams
And if  you got questions then you know you gonna see
So imma bring it back for ya
Know I'd go to bat for ya
I know where you at when you go to your knees
We gon bring it back for ya baby more dreams
And if  you got questions then you know you gonna see
So imma bring it back for ya
Know I'd go to bat for ya
I know where you at when you go to your knees
We gon bring it back for ya baby more dreams
And if  you got questions then you know you gonna see
So imma bring it back for ya
Know I'd got to bat for ya
I know where you at when you go to your kneesYeah l'morpho 2020 ana ghanfayel o nchrih check
Kola punchline tan2akad 3liha bach tatba3 f lkhaliya
W doz lwaldi wala banti falkhabar lwirati
Khayf ndir drari 7aret a wlidati
F lb7ar nakhwi dati  ysawb lah
9ist asaw belarj
Bnadem bgha ytir o ttir bgha yched l2ard
Tma3 redd bnadem tay swwel 3la taman f blast maycham lward
L'kalakh khella Shah Rukh Khan ma7bob
Darwin gal l7e9 ghi dftaro kan ma9lob
Insane li ghaywali 9ard
Nhar ghanghar9o dnob
Tangol lkola 9am9om tob
Ja lwa9t dir l3e9al
Tla3ti f danya karkob tom o nta zari3tak bsal
Ch7al man maghribi makit'hana taydir 3lach i7sal
Réseau mtafi  makayrta7 ta taykon m'mechkel
Raison de vie
W ch7al man maghribi bjehd ma khayf men résultat fih re3da
Tbe3na phobie t9asset  l'kebda
I3ich fabor tibanlina 3sel w zebda
Khobzna mabghach itkayas 3lih lbachir diro chi zarda
Instru sebbora wklami tabachir
Chof yakma ta7t lbureau chi marda
Matkherjoch kayna chta bel3ochi temma
Tghfal taret 3inek
7yat tnadam 7lawt'ha tsali daghiya
9eddma ktaro dorat 9adma kadokh f lkarting
3andi f les cartes king
Ifri9i wald sa7ra
Desert Rose Mami w Sting f3ro9i o 3dami maskin
Chkon bgha l'morphine 9bal man 2020
Ana ghanfayl o nchrih
Bin lmtar9a o sindane
Wakha mat l'Basri mazal l'matraque w ghaz sanjab
Lacrymogène flytox 7asbona debbane
L'mokhabarat 7esbolna l7ejban
F l7abs mato rejal
Bda trad lbale che7al man inse bal master dbal
Dimo9ratiya laystar mo7al
7sab had star jak fl boite vocale
B rap baghi nza3za3 ch7al man bo9al
W nbayan bo9altna ch7al manfokha
3ezz lkhil hya lmatlou9a fik a chafik
Rwa7 l7ora machno9a fina trafic
Madayrine walo o makatkhla3nach stafite
L pouvoir kheddam b mabda2 malk mzagheb
7yatena kamla pause café
Bdate man sghor b talc mzowar o ness tartina khobz 7afi
Dir zabla o chad sa7bak msa7ha fih
Ch7al man maghribi titalla3 l'moral ghi b berrad d'atay
Freestyle orale  ghaydahchar ch7al man 9owad makaynach
Galoliya nta bodara7 mfenni
Jawabet brah kolna rsemna nsara khaybin f tafato7 lfani
B'Klam ro7 nghani
Cha3b kidari ghalatine fel 3abra o lgabarit
Stiti yal canari o cht7i yal kangourou
One two three viva l calgary
Bghit nemchi ana w mrati ndiro day3a f l'Australie
7chicha w cocotte
Ga3 li ti9aren bin mdone lmaghrib
3arfo 3amro fate l7odod
L'Meghrib 7ebs kbir d'rjal 3mer b nas chodod
Wa ya3icha w mali bghina had l3icha tsali
Sghir o chab rassi
Nekmi w chad kassi
Nebghi nas nassi
7yati m9at3a b7ala msafer Autostop zid
Ana khalite tab3a b l'khabar l'wirati
Y9raw tabba f 9elbi nhar l'autopsieUh, LA, uh huh, Chi Town, Philadelphia, PA
Hey now, uh, LA, yeah, Chi Town, Philadelphia, PA

Listen, pick any city, the South side, the outside
It isn't pretty, the tots cryin’ and shots fired
Protection there be the lopsided, cop kind
You see the scene of a crime like every stop sign
My section of twenty-one pound is downtown
They walkin' 'round wit’ the guns out, it's wild how
The youngings dumb proud, followin' the crowd now
Leading the blind with they minds up in the Soundcloud
Ain't a lotta sunshine when you on a frontline
Listenin' to that ghetto drumline, duckin' one-time
Thinkin' how the Devil doesn't tire, even sometimes
Wonderin’ how the fuck could one’s rhyme be this unkind
Everybody cold to me, seeming through this bullshit
The only thing that sold to me bein' told, we should hold on
Gettin’ old to me I'm about to buckle
'Cause holdin' tight got my hands fully white-knuckled
And to be honest, tomorrow is not promised
Whether you on the streets of Chicago or Botswana
You gotta be rock solid, not to be outsmarted
The rise from rock-bottom to one of the top scholars
I never ask what’s the secret of success
With a target on your back and a scarlet on your chest
Listen, just get it, not a minute to rest
This is not a test, settle for the best, nothin' less, dig it

Pick any city, the South side, the drought side
Where E-M-S has arrived, well, it's about time
People who just get they tops fried get outlined
Minutes and seconds go clockwise but not mine

Where I'm from it's a war scene
Where more fiends scream for Morphines, Zoloft and Thorazine
We don't subscribe to the grand scheme
The plans seems to be keepin' us all sick, sellin' them vaccines
Ain't a lot of fun time when your only son dyin'
And the world's comin' untied from the inside
That's between affection and depression, it's a thin line
Stress and pressure here is multiplied ten times
Everything is blurred to me, lessons deferred for me
Fam said it's been a long term since they heard from me
My lil' homie never made it out of surgery
Sometimes I feel like South Philly tryna murder me

First, everybody's upset 'cause you died
They like, "Wait a minute, man
I ain't the ones who's dead, he's the one that's brown bread"
Hah, so in comes the second lie, ya dig?Sleep-deprived, another chalk line marks the walls
Form restored, unbroken
Altered bloodwork awakening
Tame the storm, electric prosthetic parts, they can't contain them
Why incite the trauma?
Magnetic north, on the borderline

I don't wanna talk about it anymore
So sick of these questions, I've heard them before
I don't know what it is you want to hear
The more I stare, the less becomes clear

Eye for an eye, life for a life

Fight or flight, Nil by mouth
Morphine fuels my apathy
I've become the Rorschach
Could you forget the unremembered?


I don't wanna talk about it anymore
So sick of these questions, I've heard them before
I don't know what it is you want to hear
The more I stare, the less becomes clear


I don't wanna talk about it anymore
So sick of these questions, I've heard them before
I don't know what it is you want to hear
The more I stare, the less becomes clear
I don't wanna talk about it anymore
So sick of these questions, I've heard them all before
I don't know what it is you want to hear
The more I stare, the less becomes clear

Eye for an eye, life for a-Invisible emotions
I just can't read you
Cause you don't show no love or devotion
Yet I still need you
And baby I will believe in us
And maybe that feeling ain't enough
Invisible emotions
I just can't read you
No you've been lost
But you've been found before
And I've felt you're warmth
But now you done turn so cold
And no I won't give up
Cause I can't stop this feeling
I know that you need healing
Come on let me fix you I can be your
Medicine
Better than any of prescriptions
Yeah your medicine
Settle in and let me cleanse your system
And baby I will believe in us
And maybe that feeling ain't enough
Medicine
Better than any drug you've got
Had no feelings in the beginning was numb like morphine
Just a new addition to my inventory
First 24 like Kobe
Wasn't interested in hearing your life story
Until I got to kick it with you all day
Realized that I'd fuck with you the long way
Never get addicted to a drug that's what they all say
If you ever took a dose of what she got then you would parlay
Falling
Deeper yeah I'm falling
Never liked to gamble but somehow you got me all in
Making improvements now I'm perfecting up my flaws
And you heard i was a dog so that label got you cautious
Guarded, tell me what you guardin'
Armor like a spartan
Your heart is like a target
Arrows pointed at you then the sky would surely darken
Can you keep it 300 and tell me if you want this
Medicine
Better than any of prescriptions
Yeah your medicine
Settle in and let me cleanse your system
And baby I will believe in us
And maybe that feeling ain't enough
Medicine
Better than any drug you've gotLimosa Nostra, now listen, head bang, boogie
I one-night it, I just light it, I don't ever write it
I just bite it, I mean spit it
Don't you fucking get it?
I'm the illest with it
All my clothes fitted
And the morphine's got me leaning like I'm tilted
Mama said that she been on for a month now
I told that she's probably never gonna come down
But it don't matter baby we can get it done now
Now I'm from CT, baby tell 'em where you from now
But she don't care, she just keeps typing on her pager
 she get to cute, then she get lost like I erase her
I ain't the captain, I ain't gon' save her
Probably 'cos them other dudes gotta pay her
Ay mama I ain't really doing shit tomorrow
I know you're fly, you're rocking Loubies, not the Zara
A lot of tatts, I ride my buttons to my collar
And you ain't gotta do nothing, just swallow
And I, I can get the feeling that she's on something
And my people to my side say she wants something
And the dude with her hand really of nothing
I know, I'm a go and put her on something
I'm Rick Hil, coming straight up out of Slickville
Lighting up my blunts with a black Bic still
And the bitches round my way, taking pics still
They blow a kiss to Hil, let me hit their clit still
Now I'm just kushing, she's just pushing with that fat pussy
They're just looking, they ain't fucking with my black Stussy
We be hooking, they ain't booking any bad pussy
I had a good one, 06, fat tushy

Yeah, Chapter One
I'm just fucking aroundShe said she need morphine
Said she need (Psyke)
It's Diako
Said she need
Yeah, yeah (Woah)
Yeah, yeah (Uh-uh)
Yeah, yeah (Uh-uh)
Yeah, yeah (Psyke)

Didn't take too long, I got you where you're supposed to be (Yeah, yeah)
Got me a flower but, man, I ain't tryna plant no seed
Too high, stiff as a mannequin when I take control of me
Too fly, full mind, when you see it, you know that's me

She came in a bottle like a genie
I used her like as my muse and change my scenery (Yeah, yeah)
Got my ex wishing she believed in me
I was worth an M the last time she seen me
And I been going crazy for the b-a-g
She can't see me doing bad, she go c-razy
Got a ghost in the room like Casper, it could be swayze
She said, "I love you more than life, don't you betray me"

Didn't take too long, I got you where you're supposed to be
Got me a flower but, man, I ain't tryna plant no seed
Too high, stiff as a mannequin when I take control of me
Too fly, full mind, when you see it, you know that's me (Yeah, yeah)

Under arrest, demon know she innocent
I pin her, I lay her down, I pull on her Brazilian (Yeah)
I found a way out of town like it was a coincidence (Yeah)
Told her, "Pick a spot and we can take it there" (Take it there)
But she been waiting on me, she said, "You ready yet?"
The way she suck, uh, I wanna make a millionaire, yeah
Got her telling her friends the boy different, yeah, yeah, yeah
On in a Benz, yeah, yeah (Yeah, yeah, yeah)

Didn't take too long, I got you where you're supposed to be
Got me a flower but, man, I ain't tryna plant no seed
Too high, stiff as a mannequin when I take control of me
Too fly, full mind, when you see it, you know that's me
Didn't take too long, I got you where you're supposed to be
Got me a flower but, man, I ain't tryna plant no seed
Too high, stiff as a mannequin when I take control of me
Too fly, full mind, when you see it, you know that's me

Said she, said she need me
Said she, said she need me
Said she need me
Said she need me
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Now, now
Now, now
In a minute
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah
She, sheOh god damn
I'm up against a bandit
You guys are more annoying
Than rubber banding
Always kill with no regard
For the state of the game

You're only saying that
Because you fail at aiming
Call yourself a hero?
That's a stupid name
For a dude that dropped out
Of the shooting range
It'd be boring to conform
To a running sim
So come on
Motherfucker
Let this war begin!

It's not about kills
So when you're next dead
Go back to CoD
Like an ex-veg
Pescetarian!

Shooting zombies all day
Is so dull
That I may sleep
It's like I'm playing DayZ
And you're playing Day ZZZZZZZZZ

Uh...what are you doing?

Ha! I'm just trolling hard
Yeh you get me?
To emphasise your playstyle
Gives me narcolepsy

Anyone can be a bandit
It's easy to tackle
Pass the tin of tuna
Cus that shit is fish in a barrel!
Now let me diss your apparal
It's just some freaking old camo
Badly damaged man
And stinking like the
Spit of a camel
You're a generic terrorist
So go and Jihad Kablamo!
I'm a hero my manno

Nope! You're a hipster mate
And with that checkered shirt
I see why your haters hate
Looking like a fucking
Second rate
Nathan Drake!
On Balota airstrip
They call me hardcore
Cus I'm the cause of half the deaths
In Stary Sobor
And everyone knows
That I post the most mortem
Kill count higher
Than all the Four Horsemen
I take more life than
Foreign warlord!

Well I've saved more lifes
Than Norman Borlaug

Whoever told you lives saved
Matters need a lesson
Supports don't pay as well..
Don't you play League of Legends?

You just shoot on sight
Because you don't have any
Patience

Well I can wait for days
Until I snipe you in the face

You camping no-skill N00B!

Well you haven't even shot me
The only thing you could hit
Is a paraplegic zombie!
And even if I took a shot
From your gun mag
I'd be fine cause you'd
Come and save me
With a blood bag

All you dudes shoot is
Fresh spawn noobs
That's impressive as putting on
Velcro shoes!
What's the point?
Your life expectancy is so low
Just go jump off a light house
I hear there's one by Komarovo
Think you'll get my gear?
You're incorrect yo
Cus I'm the god damn
Fastest quick draw
In Elektro!
This battle is mine man!
I'm blatantly right!
My play style requires
That I'm great on the mic!
So you try to reply to that diss
While I go prone..
Or have you still not figured out
How to use a microphone?

Whatever Hero
I don't need vocals
I'm not afraid to take shots
You're teetotal
You're out there begging
For someone to bandage ya
I'm chilling on a hill
With more loot
Than a lannister!

I make to most of the game
I play it intricately

You're just jealous
That you have less
Pipsi than me
Jogging and eating
Ooh exciting combination
To you sound like fun
To me sound like constipation!

Giving blood bags

Nah giving Tea bags
Shoot and loot dude

Help and heal man
I'm bout that teamplay

I prefer Solo

I'm thinking long term

Whatever
YOLO!

This games about tension
Survial and drama
You're so unsociable
So just go back to ARMA
Fucking work together
That's the right way to play
You're doing it wrong!
What, did you taze your brain?
You amoral bastard
Learn to play the game!

Ah you arrogant ass
There's no correct way to play
What gives you the right to say there is?

A Hero's hard work
A bandit is a
Piece of piss
Mine's the difficult sort
That you couldn't manage
You need that quicker reward
Me, I like a challenge
A deeper sense of gratification
You're not creative

Ha! You really think that?
Let's see how I'd play this..
I'll come up and ask for a bandage
Then while you're in your inventory
Attack ... with a bat ... like i planned it!
I'll shoot you in the leg
Then use and Epinephrine
To bring you back from the dead
And then shoot you again!
Break your legs
Here's the Morphine
Do you want it?
Then I force feed you
Rotten kiwi
Till you vomit!
Handcuff and leave you
At the gas station
Then shoot the pump
And walk away
While the flames blazing
Now which motherfucking
One of us is creative?
You gonna combat log now?
Or face your fate here?
Well this battle's gone on
Long enough
And it's been fun
But let's finish this in game
In three
Two...
One...Irene, good night, Irene
Irene, good night
Good night, Irene
Good night, Irene
I kiss you in my dreams
Last Saturday night I got married
Me and my wife settled down
Now me and my wife are parted
I'm gonna take me a little stroll uptown
Irene, good night, Irene
Irene, good night
Good night, Irene
Good night, Irene
I kiss you in my dreams
Sometimes I live in the country
Sometimes I live in town
Sometimes I take a great notion
To jump in the river and drown
Oh-Irene, good night, Irene
Irene, good night
Good night, Irene
Good night, Irene
I kiss you in my dreams
I love Irene, God knows I do
I'll love her till the sea runs dry
If she ever loves another
I'm gonna take morphine and die
Oh-Irene, good night, Irene
Irene, good night
Good night, Irene
Good night, Irene
I kiss you in my dreams
Stop your rambling, stop your gambling
Stop staying out late at night
Go home to your wife and your family
Sit down by the fire light
¡EVERYBODY!
Irene, good night, Irene
Irene, good night
Good night, Irene
Good night, Irene
I kiss you in my dreamsDef Jam baby
Like a Mac could
Def Soul

I'm trying to figure out how I could make this happen, word up
Get this money
Shorty you musta lost my number
Fell into a deep slumber
You played me long deep
That make a playa wonder
I played Motorola tag
To get your wavy hair in my convertible Jag
I said I gotta take a leak
I slide inside
You bust in the bathroom sex in your eyes
I pecked you down low, tongue kissed the cat
Your legs is upside down twisted back
It feels so wet I'm on the go, this scenerio was far fetched
'Til I met this Caribbean honey coated, the pretty thug dream
Kissed your lips with Alize and ice cream
You told me LL I wanna be your queen
You a ball king, the - is morphine
Hard to find time and keep it on the hush
But still make you mine, got mad shine

Girl if it's alright
Let's go somewhere and get it on tonight
You shouldn't have to be alone tonight
It's one on one tonight, tonight

Now she's looking at me
But keep talking
Oh now she's trying to ice you
Let's start walking
Over on the dance floor
It's her fault but what can she do?
Tell me baby, yeah
Girl if you're ready (I'm ready)
We can get it on (We can get it on)
I know where I went wrong (She's where you went wrong)
With you is where I belong, belong
Girl, if I can find the words to say
I gotta get away from a love that kills me every day
I'd gladly say to you
1 - 	
Girl if it's alright
Let's go somewhere and get it on tonight
I've got a girl but you look good tonight
It's one on one tonight, tonight
Girl if it's alright
Let's go somewhere and get it on tonight
You shouldn't have to be alone tonight
It's one on one tonight, tonight

I testify, its best to try
Walk the fine line, tell no lies
My baby mad fly, honey hold me down
But I had to throw you in that apartment downtown
Switched your jewels up, flipped your wardrobe
Analyze the pager, came up with codes
We're both on our knees, I pull your hair back
Then push and fall and I spank it from the back
I know you like that
But during the week I pull a disappearing act
Where my girl is at
I'm zoning, a real nigga balling
I'm supposed to be a pimp but my body is calling
I don't know R. Kelly I calls my man
Two L's in Montell, maybe he understand
A grown man throwing his life in quicksand
Just to feel my tip on your lips and hands
Repeat 1 till endI've lost a friend
And I don't know why
But never again
Will we get together to die
And why after every last shot
Was there always another?
Why after all you hadn't got
Did you leave your life to your mother?

And Honey Harlow
The singer burlesque queen
How did she know
You needed morphine?
Why didn't you listen
To the warning words of your friends
While they told you so?
I know you couldn't listen
To people talk about
What they didn't know

I've lost a friend
And I don't know why
But never again
Will we get together to die
And why after every last shot
Was there always another?
Why after all you hadn't got
Did you leave your life to your mother?You only get a single chance, the rules are very plain
The truth is well concealed inside the details of the game
You can hear it coming, you can see it from afar;
It's pale, and it glimmers like a faded movie star
And here inside the castle, they're trying to make her scream
By sticking thumb tacks in her flesh, and cancelling the dream
Can you find the Valium?
Can you bring it soon?
Lost Johnny's out there, baying at the moon
The time has come for you to choose, you'd better get it right
Smiling girls with sharp white teeth are waiting in the night
But you want to really get some, it surely can't be hard
There's always trouble waiting when you leave your own backyard
And underneath the city, the alligators sing
Of how the fool, he cannot dance
Since someone cuts the strings
Can you get the morphine?
Try to be so brief
Lost Johnny's out there, looking for relief
Now, Larry looks so evil, and you know he really tries
But every time he makes a play, that vital number dies
And Sally buys her underwear from a store where no-one goes
She makes it big in photographs on the strength of what she shows
And here inside the waiting room, the radio still screams
And we're all shooting Tuinal to murder all your dreams
Can you find your credit card?
For God's sake, make it quick
Lost Johnny's out there, trying to turn a trickWell Irene
Goodnight, Irene
Irene, goodnight
Goodnight Irene
Relax, Irene
(Verse One)
I'll see you in my dreams
Last Saturday night I got married
Me and the wife settled down
Now me and my wife we are parted
I think I'll go out on the town
Cause sometimes I live in the country
Sometimes I live in the town
Sometimes I take that great notion
To jump in the river and drown
(Chorus)
Irene, goodnight Irene
Irene goodnight
Goodnight Irene
Relax, Irene
I'll see you in my dreams
(Verse Two)
I love Irene, God knows I do
I'll love her till the seas run dry
If Irene should ever turn me down
I'd take morphine and die
(Chorus)
Irene, goodnight Irene
Irene goodnight
Goodnight Irene
Relax, Irene
I'll see you in my dreams
(Verse Three)
Stop rambling, stop gambling
Stop staying out all night
Go home to your wife and your baby
And stay by your fireside bright
(Chorus)
So Irene, goodnight Irene
Irene, goodnight
Goodnight Irene
Goodnight Irene
I'll see you in my dreams
Goodnight Irene
Relax, Irene
I'll see you in my dreamsThe Weeknd - Rockin'
Robin Schulz & David Guetta - Shed a Light feat. Cheat Codes
Flume - TRUST feat. Isabella Manfredi
Pitbull - Can't Have feat. Steven A. Clark & Ape Drums
DJ Snake - Let Me Love You feat. Justin Bieber (Tiësto's AFTR:HRS Mix)
The Weeknd - Nothing Without You
G-Eazy - Still
Calum Scott - Rhythm Inside
Hot Shade & Mike Perry - Touching You Again feat. Jane XØ
Ashanti - Helpless feat. Ja Rule
The Weeknd - Sidewalks feat. Kendrick Lamar
G-Eazy - Bone Marrow feat. Danny Seth
Breathe Carolina - ECHO (LET GO) feat. IZII
John Legend - I Know Better
DVBBS & CMC$ - Not Going Home feat. Gia Koka
The Weeknd - A Lonely Night
Tommy Sunshine & Halfway House - Not Dead yet feat. Michael Bernard Fitzgerald
Møme - Why Is It feat. Merryn Jeann
Rag'n'Bone Man - Human (Acoustic)
Lizzy Land - Sweet Melodies
3LAU & MAX - You Want More
Rationale - Prodigal Son
Kid Ink - Overdrive feat. P. Wright
The Weeknd - Six Feet Under
DJ Suede The Remix God - You Name It! (#UNameItChallenge)
YG - I Be On feat. 21 Savage
Devon Baldwin - Dead of Night
Slushii - Morphine
You Me At Six - Swear
Black Map - Run Rabbit Run
No Wyld - Tomorrow feat. Allan Kingdom
Otto Knows - Not Alone
TeamMate - We Belong
Kita Alexander - Damage Done
Dylan Gardner - Sign Language
Tim Legend - Hope feat. Brave
Isac Elliot - What About Me (Bit Funk Remix)
Klangkarussell - Hey Maria (Ynnox Remix)
Martin Solveig - Places feat. Ina Wroldsen
Matt Maeson - Cringe
Anne-Marie - Peak (Stripped)
Beyoncé & Dixie Chicks - Daddy Lessons
Gillian Welch - By the Mark
The Rolling Stones - Ride Em On Down
The Skins - Runaway
Jordan Fisher - You're Welcome feat. Lin-Manuel Miranda
Daniel Syke - No Party
Hippo Campus - Monsoon
Bad Rabbits - Flames
Bruno Major - Easily
Ta-ku & Wafia - Love Somebody (Poté Remix)
GoldFish - Deep of the Night feat. Diamond Thug
Sylvan Esso - Kick Jump Twist
Unlike Pluto - Someone New feat. Desi Valentine
Pete Tong - PorcelainFucking bastards {*Fucker*}
I hate all of you
That's right
Motherfuckers
Digest this shit
Fucking sluts
Check it check it - {*here, here we go*}
Yo, the world's a coffin often I stay high off endorphins
Coughing up morphine cause pain is awesome we live off it
My angushing and aggression simmers in the juices of anxious depression
Shank your intestines, you're too you serious like Syrians
You barely sin, come on, enjoy yourself like a Near Death Experience
I dare you to tear your skin, get your chips clapped
By the pioneer in the field of Death Rap
Dress suitable, you - are invited to a funeral
Bash the mic in your head, cause your raps stinks like ya dead
Like a crackhead in a Rikers bed, you think I'm nice
You telling me how I am, my man
I'll take advantage of every human I can

Rugged Shit, that's the only way I do it
Beat you in the skull til you drippin' red fluid
Rugged Shit, that's the only way I'll have it
If not I'll stab stab it, stab stab stab it
Rugged Shit, that's the only way I do it
Beat you in the skull til you drippin' red fluid
Rugged Shit, that's the only way I'll kick it
If not leave me inflicted with a sickness
In BK, you can catch a knife cut or buy dust or fuck a nice slut
For five bucks, I roll with tight fucks that think life sucks
I'll never get hit by an attack by foes
Cause gettin me's like tryin to catch a roach
Now learn from the best, before I burn the sess
Light you up in fire first, puff a fattie of your burning flesh
From nervous stress I'll split your brain, while you cry out "I'm Hurt"
And I reply "It's a shame", I'm bitter to the vein
Vile, like a bag lady up in a group home
Pussy looser than skin hanging from a chicken soup bone
Circulating from ghetto to ghetto like
Blood from organ to organ, from sicko to skitzo

Listen to the Rugged Shit, that's the only way I do it
Beat you in the skull til you drippin' red fluid
Rugged Shit, that's the only way I'll have it
If not I'll stab stab it, stab stab stab it
Rugged Shit, that's the only way I do it {*only way*}
Beat you in the skull til you drippin' red fluid
Rugged Shit, that's the only way I'll kick it {*yeah*}
If not, leave me inflicted with a sickness
Bitch.. yeah.. Necro.. 1999
The year back with triple sixes
The year is sadistic
Let the beat stomp your skull
Let the beat stomp your skull
Let the beat stomp your SKULLPurest Disgust
(Sapient)
It's like, how can I spit it if they don't relate?
Lettin' it culminate, till it's too heavy to pull the weight
I hunger for more yet my soul is caged
Under floorboards hiding from solar rays
But, I feel calm and at home in the darkness
Submerging my skin, feeling cold and lethargic
In a paper ocean, floating on paper boats
I paint my disgust in slow and graceful strokes
My war machine is well oiled and tuned up
Cooped up in a small room with its wounds glued up
I keep no glove on its hand to hold the poison pen
But I keep a hood on my head to hold the voices in
I will never confuse divine with human lies
Buddha shrines or that which is computerized
I am the unrooted vine that grew despite its wilted fate
And learned a serpent in a suit and tie is still a snake
Chorus
This feeling, this feeling, it's the purest disgust
This feeling, this feeling, it's the purest disgust
My bare feet have killed the worms in the mud
The dirt and the bugs were the closest thing to my circle of trust
Verse 2 (Ethic)
And I been factioned to make this
Distaste innovate ain't passed up a day yet (??)
I stay busy crashing they spaceships
Walk around rocking the glasses from "They Live"
Stay above water like the bay bridge
Never been a part of somethin I couldn't relate with
Never caught up, automated bravado making plates shift
When y'all are outdated like a tape deck
I'mma make you make sense, they gon make you think less
I make music even if music don't make rent
And it ain't been a beneficial state
That we in, the ceiling's high but the floors are thin
Chorus
This feeling, this feeling, it's the purest disgust
This feeling, this feeling, it's the purest disgust
My bare feet have killed the worms in the mud
The dirt and the bugs were the closest thing to my circle of trust
Verse 3 (Eyedea)
Baby shoes for sale, never worn
I add my own salt to the wound and croon inside the self inflicted storm
Make a promise I can't keep, bleed for your amusement
Cut me, love me, stop and crush, fuck me with confusion
Loose ends tie me up and rape my motivation
Break my teeth into dust and go to sleep clothed in blood and semen
Every day's a Saturday night
I waved my right to play fight with daylight the second the sun saved my life
Hurts me so good when it's going in my vein
I gotta leave I'll let you know if the seizure's sweet as better pain
You keep on spreading crazy all over this worthless town
A fingernail couldn't find the dirt underneath your surface now
You are my sweet and my sour
If it stays this deep I could cheat death by at least an hour
Let me go with my blood, poisoning my brain
Let the morphine drip drops and self inflicted rain, ok
Chorus x2
This feeling, this feeling, investing it all, back to the wind
This feeling, this feeling, of getting it all back when you win
This feeling, this feeling, investing it all, back to the wind
This feeling, this feeling, of getting it all back when you winWelcome back Beans, this history baby
Broadstreet bully set free
Compound, compound
Top 5 dead or alive, raspy
And it's a shame what they'll do for that legal tender

Money is the root of all evil is what they teach you
That's what made Nino rock his brother's keeper
That's what made Alpo slaughter Rich Porter
When you got a big supporter and your mafia tight
Money, power, respect, comin' at order
Dollars ain't shit without the knowledge
Mike got robbed, I robbed him
Hammer got hammered, too much stylin'
Too many cars in the garages
Too much flauntin', 100 man entouragin'
If money make your world go around, you got a problem
But let's make no mistake, let's get it straight
I've done seen paper take mothers off section 8
They say the early bird get the worm
So I left home to earn
And left no stone unturned
As a young buck I hit the bricks, took the street route
Y'all dudes are still in the nest with your beak out
Whoever learned you dudes is incorrect
Cause I don't trust no chick, mom no disrespect
And you done wiped my ass and I done fed off your breasts
If you dealin' them cards boo I'm cuttin' the deck

So you think money is the root of all evil? Have you ever asked what is the root of money? Those pieces of paper which should have been gold should are a token of honor
(Jadakiss: That's why they love you when you don't got it
Then soon as you get it they hate you)

Haha!
All four pockets, bankrolls that can't be tucked
It's strange I done seen money break families up
For 500 cash even seen your man get cut
Postin' pictures on the 'Gram all bandaged up
If you do get it, don't take it for granted bruh
The counters are all marble and granite bruh
If it's done right you can get a flower from a seed
And the root of money is power for more greed
Sad part about it, it's somethin' we all need
I know ex-kingpins that's working at Wal-Greens
Know a team of young swipers, shake up the mall scene
Anything to get the money, they need it like morphine
They give you lump sums then they tax you for it
People ask you for it or they'll clap you for it
Soon as you build it, they destroy it
Then when you need it you can't get it
You get it? You can't enjoy it

Money is a tool of exchange which can't exist unless there are goods produced and men able to produce them. Money is not the tool of the moochers, who claim your product by tears. Or of the looters who take it from you by force. (Money): ألبومات / Albums
Aminoffice - Kounna w'Kountou
Chaht Man - Ana 7or
Dizzy Dros - 3azzy 3ando Stylo
Lsan L7a9 - Biin Druba
M-Boy - Rih
: ميكستايبات / Mixtapes
2Gunz - Alter Ego
8IRD - Fresh Like Dima
7liwa - Ktabi Baki
7-Toun - Jwan O Brika
Al Nasser - Kima Bghit Ana
Amine 16-3 - Amine Setach Tlata
Amine 16-3 - Rastafrass #1
Bad Flow - Sakhan Pardida
Don Bigg - Byad Ou K7al The Mixtape
Klass-A - It's Not Over
Klika X - L'Casseta
L'Morphine - Paprika
Maho JAH - Blad Zionist
Mistah Vee - Veectory
Mr.Draganov - Hall Of Fame
Mr Tigerap - L'9atran
Sa3er Man - Casseta
Saad Eddin - Music Clean
Sad Jim - The Moroccan Black Story
Scabreux - Ard Lwa9é3
: أعمال أخرى
يناير
- 01/01 : Sellook Dee - JAY
- 03/01 : Bad Flow - 3alamat stifham
- 04/01 : Bad Flow - Al ihana
✓ 07/01 : Sage-T Aka Se7-Rawi - Freestyle Fihoum Wella Fina (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 10/01 : Bad Flow - Freestyle A-40
✓ 11/01 : Fat Mizzo - Schyzo Rassem Tableau (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 18/01 : Leck feat. Shayfeen - Kandwi Maak
- 21/01 : Bad Flow - Herculanos
✓ 22/01 : Chareuf - 500 3awd (Paroles / الكلمات)
✓ 23/01 : Would Cha3b - Booghttate (Paroles / الكلمات)
✓ 28/01 : LLI - Jit (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 30/01 : 8IRD - Stylo 7mer
فبراير
✓ 06/02 : Mr Tigerap - Chkoun Li 7ass (Paroles / الكلمات)
✓ 09/02 : 7liwa - Da7k T9ada (Paroles / الكلمات)
✓ 09/02 : MiisterOne - So High (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 11/02 : Mr.Draganov - 7yat 9sira
- 18/02 : Lsan L7a9 - Nelli Wassal
- 21/02 : Scabreux - L' Mohim
- 21/02 : BNJ (Lbenj) - free'smile
✓ 23/02 : Mr Tigerap - Ghir Kanhder (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 25/02 : Bizzmakers - Freestyle #1
- 25/02 : Mc-One Feat. Lil ONE | ASFI KENITRA FREESTYLE
- 26/02 : Bad Flow Feat Blaskat & Slim - Freestyle
✓ 27/02 : Shayfeen - Would Asfi Boss (Paroles / الكلمات)

مارس
- 01/03 : Wizzy Voice - Freestyle Wussup L'Mdina
✓ 01/03 : Magma feat. Driss Loumany - 7ite (Remix) (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 02/03 : Lsan L7a9 - S3iib Tefham
- 05/03 : Bad Flow - Maji Fhali
✓ 06/03 : Lmoutchou - Ddi Ma T3awed (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 08/03 : MFHOUMIN-CH - Blandi
- 14/03 : Monster (MONS) - Zayar
- 14/03 :  Shayfeen feat B3 & Sad Jim - #616CYPHER
✓ 15/03 : Mr Tigerap - Bzaf Li (FreeStyle Skit) (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 22/03 : Scabreux - Jayb Stach W Kamizol
✓ 23/03 : Klass-A - Mamsalich L't9e7binologie (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 24/03 : West Fes feat Criminel - FREESTYLE
- 25/03 : Bizzmakers feat. Lowtus & TC - Freestyle #2
- 30/03 : Mr Tigerap - Dir Zoom
أبريل
- 01/04 : Lsan L7a9 - F'Nos Liil
✓ 03/04 : Nessyou - Frui'Style 2.5 (Paroles / الكلمات)
✓ 08/04 : Damost - Chilling With The Dude (Paroles / الكلمات)
✓ 09/04 : Damost - Freestyle Oustad Damost (Paroles / الكلمات)
✓ 13/04 : Klass-A feat. Ljasos - Fuck 3ala Tol (Paroles / الكلمات)
✓ 20/04 : 7liwa - Freestyle Casa Rabat (Paroles / الكلمات)
✓ 20/04 : Damost - Old School (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 20/04 : Mister one feat Lion Castle - AsfiNation
- 21/04 : Rofix - W7och Bladi
- 22/04 : JEKA feat. 36-SGA3 & ZH26 - Starter
- 22/04 : Scabreux feat. Abdou.0S - Free Zan Zan
- 25/04 : Bizzmakers - Freestyle #3
ماي
- 06/05 : Lil One - Intro
- 17/05 : Scabreux - M7ansser F'Stoon
- 22/05 : Wizzy Voice - L'Guerrab
✓ 22/05 : Ljasos - Koun m9awed (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 23/05 : BaD Flow - Freestyle L'Energie
✓ 24/05 : 7liwa - Batal L3alam (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 25/05 : Bizzmakers - Freestyle #4
- 27/05 : Scabreux - Bomb Time
- 29/05 : Tagne - Oxygène
✓ 31/05 : Fayr - Baf Kbir (Paroles / الكلمات)
يونيو
- 01/01 : Bad Flow - Tanja Fdem
✓ 01/01 : Would Cha3b - Sir ‘O Blama T7bess (Paroles / الكلمات)
✓ 05/01 : 7-Toun feat 7liwa - Kola 7arf ki3ni ch7al (Paroles / الكلمات)
✓ 14/06 : L'Morphine - Excelsior (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 15/06 : Mr-Tigerap feat Raptox - Freestyle Bonus
✓ 18/06 : L'Morphine - La Akolo Lbatatis (Paroles / الكلمات)
✓ 19/06 : Damost - Unchained (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 20/06 : Power Off  - Hadchi Chayfinou
- 22/06 : Bad Flow - Mohal Tfhamni
✓ 22/06 : M-Crazy - L3alam Talet (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 25/06 : Bizzmakers - Freestyle #5
✓ 26/06 : Shobee - Wach Katesma3 Oula (Paroles / الكلمات)
✓ 26/06 : Mr Tigerap - Suicide (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 27/06 : Rofix - 3la Hadok
- 30/06 : Scabreux - F'Mdinty
يوليوز
- 01/07 : Philo x L'Jasos x L'Bassline x Al Nasser x Klass-A x Da Legend x Dah Doc x Hamza L'BS - 3issyane Moussi9i
✓ 03/07 : Mehdi K-Libre - Sir 3ellah (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 04/07 : Bad Flow - Fkhatrek
- 09/07 : Mr Tigerap feat Toxi - Problemes
- 18/07 : HF - Ghir Dayez
- 20/07 : Mehdi K-Libre - Shno Khassou
✓ 23/07 : L7or - Melit - مليت (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 25/07 : Bizzmakers - Freestyle #6
- 25/07 : Bad Flow - Yema smahli
- 28/07 : Bad Flow - 3lach ya weldi
✓ 29/07 : LLI - Mohami Ma7koum Bli3dam (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 29/07 : Bad Flow - 3tini Ljawab Daba
- 31/07 : Slim Killah feat. Small-X - Come On Baby
غشت
- 07/08 : Black-S - Labghiti Tfham
✓ 07/08 : Jen - Swi3a (Paroles / الكلمات)
✓ 11/08 : Fares Vox feat. Samid Ghailan (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 14/08 : Two Tone Ft. Eastwood - Deep Cover Remix
✓ 17/08 : Nessyou - Tchi Tchi (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 19/08 : Mr Tigerap feat Toxi - Derniere Ligne
✓ 25/08 : Bizzmakers feat. PJH & Magma - Freestyle #7 (Paroles / الكلمات)
✓ 26/08 : Tagne - God Bless You (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 27/08 : Two Tone & Eastwood - Serial Killa Remix
✓ 31/08 : Fayr feat. Al Nasser - Achnahoua théme ? (Paroles / الكلمات)
شتنبر
✓ 02/09 : L7a9d - 9alizou (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 04/09 : Lil One feat. Anas EZ - So Sad
- 04/09 : Mr Tigerap - Dir Zoom (Version Westcoast)
- 05/09 : Philo feat Hamza L'BS & Al Nasser - S3ib T3ich Engagé
✓ 02/09 : Hablo - Don Beef (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 09/09 : West Fes - FreesTyle  Victime Inconnu
- 09/09 : Two Tone DXB Ft. Waka Flocka - 9MM
✓ 15/09 : Quatrehuit - 6'2 Seis Dos (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 17/09 : Da Legend feat Hamza L'BS - Rappeur illégal
- 21/09 : Scabreux - Keep Calm Because I'M Back
✓ 25/09 : Bizzmakers feat. Would Cha3b & INS - B.M.W (Freestyle #8) (Paroles / الكلمات)
✓ 25/09 : Mister A - S.R.F (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 26/09 : West Fes feat SAMO - 4 D'sba7
أكتوبر
✓ 06/10 : Nessyou - Intro (Ep Anormal) (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 14/10 : Da Legend - 7iyed Chek
✓ 19/10 : Two Tone - Bad Bitch (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 24/10 : Mr. Draganov feat Bmb-h - Bi3li Le7lam
- 25/10 : Bizzmakers - Freestyle #9 Freekiss
- 29/10 : Code Street - Pornologie
نونبر
- 26-11 : Akro - Men L'dakhel
✓ 07/11 : Maho JAH feat Freeklam - Blad Zionist (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 17/11 : Magnum - Live Men L'9ber
- 28/11 : Twin Wings - Bla ma t3aned
دجنبر
- 03/12 : Talos Ostad - Mic Corleone
- 07/12 : Scabreux feat. Neron - Nac Nac Bnadem
✓ 08/12 : Masta Rhymes - Symphony L'M7gourine (Paroles / الكلمات)
✓ 09/12 : FAT MIZZO - Freestyle Moroccan Rap Ep 2 (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 12/12 : Mr Tigerap - FreeStyle Untouchable
- 12/12 : Bad Flow - Welcome
- 14/12 : Mr. Draganov - Jouje Sa3ate
✓ 22/12 : 7-Toun - 1435 Hijria (Paroles / الكلمات)
✓ 28/12 : Nessyou - T9iwtate 1 (Paroles / الكلمات)
✓ 28/12 : Lionbad - More L3assr  (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 30/12 : Two Tone - Redbone
✓  (())Shakedown 1979
Cool kids never have the time
On a live wire right up off the street
You and I should meet
Junebug skippin' like a stone
With the headlights pointed at the dawn
We were sure we'd never see an end
To it all

And I don't even care
To shake these zipper blues
And we don't know
Just where our bones will rest
To dust I guess
Forgotten and absorbed
Into the earth below

Double-cross the vacant and the bored
They're not sure just what we have in store
Morphine city slippin' dues
Down to see

That we don't even care
As restless as we are
We feel the pull
In the land of a thousand guilts
And poured cement

Lamented and assured
To the lights and towns below
Faster than the speed of sound
Faster than we thought we'd go
Beneath the sound of hope

Justine never knew the rules
Hung down with the freaks and ghouls
No apologies ever need be made
I know you better than you fake it
To see

And I don't even care
To shake these zipper blues
And we don't know
Just where our bones will rest
To dust I guess
Forgotten and absorbed
Into the earth below

The street heats the urgency of now
As you can see, there's no one around3andi flow 3la weddo nas daro follow
3andi lsan mati3rafch dodo vas-y mollo
3andi blan ghi dmagh 7echman lokan igolo
Sala reklam tamtam sal3at Dj Bobo
Man7alchi babi, b9aw lhih
B rap la7ente chbabi, saf9o s9iw lkhikh
Tab9o speed khfif, tkhayloni felmarikh
Tandwi b l'impératif, bach nza3za3 lkolikh
Tttta7 l moral, ga3do b 12 volts
B9ina n7almo tanad lina ga3bob Roosevelt
Wala 3alik, f denya ghadoz fayet
Bla la panique, fdanya ghat3ich talef
Bdate la fatigue, sgher o tan3ich charef
Lghaya magique, n'tagguik ila 9asti l'feinte
Wsalt l3a9di talete, bda l2ilham
3amri dert ta chi style khanez, tan3i9 khay

Excelsior aji 3andi la bghiti vecsé l9yoch
Fkhimti mebchor 2oslob dumby style rapeur chan9oh
M-Psy me3dor tenue dbladi labso l3arbaz me9lob
Kenti 3ab9or lyoum jak se7ar belga3bob
Je m'excuse jouj loghat fras cha3lo 
Akher news L'morphine dima dayer 
Jib passeport nharbek menli 9etlo Lounès Matoub
La7ti l9chor olyoma 7darti thares selsol

Sda9 tla9 ma7kama
7za9 mcha lma7laba
L7ma9 3ta9 rah ana frap tgoul bambala
L'micro bin yedin n9ayine lmikrob libine yedik n9ayeh
Cyclone dl'Afkar zawba3a
Ha na7no ha rap ya7bo momo bbra
Kon kna tankhadmo tango ghanchat7o se77a
Ghan9albo tebla ghantouro ze3ma
Ghangolo kelma ghanjabdo lbla
Li mena yji lina, tanla3bo bnebla
T7arkat lmachina, li tebla tebla li tekla tekla
Walit b7al rekla, makatchof ghir rokba
Oli tba3na mezakna, khalite tab3a west sla
Fiha gelt awel kelma, khalek mn dmou3 lbasla
L'morphine kimya2iyan, 9ader isale7 9achla
Ila rak kami hani2an, wselti lstage lhabla
Exelcior 3la ghefla

Excelsior aji 3andi la bghiti vecsé l9yoch
Fkhimti mebchor 2oslob dumby style rapeur chan9oh
M-Psy me3dor tenue dbladi labso l3arbaz me9lob
Kenti 3ab9or lyoum jak se7ar belga3bob
Je m'excuse jouj loghat fras cha3lo 
Akher news L'morphine dima dayer 
Jib passeport nharbek menli 9etlo Lounès Matoub
La7ti l9chor olyoma 7darti thares selsolHarab man danya bach n9abal micro b7alak a Papillon l Alcatraz
Maw9a3 sparadrach maw9a3 basse
Ana m3ak daba drok

Tastamir l'morphiniya wa yastamir khok
Zid khoya zid had lila za3lok
L'morphine a 3chiri 7ayad 7wij 7ab l'mlok
Total jaya ghi wa9fa f stop
Matkhafch 3liya 3amro ikhwa stock
Chofo chofo kifar7an lmas lkwari lba3lok
Ana lkaslane li mskwati lblock
Aka Donnie Brasco o aka larya7
O majaych man Glasgow bach ta3aytli lamiaa
Cho kititlas9o hado bnadam wla achya2e
L'morphine f wast saf7a o homa f l7achiya
Ana machi tatak matjbadch li lflouss
3ich bla jib la sac l m-psy man7os
Rebbi la ma 7aydi jellabtek a chwibina
Ta tekhwi bina a lalla denia
Jarriti linna ch7ima, tebbe3naha b ryogna l9ina chmandar
Zayna khwina jyoubna w rbe7na za3tar
Sbar a qalbi sbar ra ssaf m3emmer
Lehbal howa kelmat sser
Ta9dar tnkar tahdar tar3af tachraf tahbal
3la ana nser, chof Al-Qaddafi Muammar
Wla bzazal Abla li jabo lhabla l Antar
Juliette w Romeo, Ronaldo w Romario lkhir w char
Ana m3ak had lila w ch3al Chah Rukh Khan
M-Psy l9a li ysam3o ha howa tira w 7an
9effel 27 l9a rasso f tina w7al
(M-Psy l9a li ysam3o ha howa tira w 7an
9effel 27 l9a rasso f tina w7al)

Yeah, yeah
N-E-S f lblace b7al l'air w H2O
F rap la grande classe clack f wajhak tar3af
Ghanfartak lik lcarcasse man klami ga3ma tagnaf
Hrawed machi gobbass 3wam wana m2alaf
Kankamach f lkorass lyoma jay m7alaf
M7azam darab codasse kharaj likom face ki chi sat comme Satas mfucki rap lmchakraf li 7akmino les connasses
Gjami rsas N-E-S samini l9anas
Ghadi njibha dras fog takafo2e lforas
Zid fi balak a boras
Bali nessyou khsim 3ayach 7yat jackass
Flmadhar ghchim f ljor chien de la casse
Man9im rap mojrim  lsani b7al chi schlass
Makantla9 man rime tatankhali la trace
Tatatkhali la trace
Nessyou : (makantla9 man rime tatankhali la trasse )

Nass tatmout b lbard f anfgo
Nass tat7asbine tatkamal 1000 coup
Nass harbo o nass 7adyinak wach 3aryan wla labass kom
Rap tsarina fih mani kan ghi jnanate kima tigol ba jadi
O 7na ghanchofo had lyamate 7althom m3a l PJD
L'Morphine, NessyouDarab 7sab l tarikh ga3ma tansali
3araf ch7al man wa7ad fl3alam dayr b7ali b7ali
Mousi9a o mtaki mtaki
Ktabt wra9i wra9i
Rappeur o rak 3araf hbali
Dmaghi tayfti 3liya
Mtarjam li chafto 3iniya w 9odam lmicro tan9ar9ab snani
Rap dima fbali blad dima rallye l3bad li darani nwakal rab l3ali

Ma3andich lkabda 9ad stal
Makantsanach chahriya 7it dyali lma3mal
Chawniya sodaniya paprika haka a bba brika safi 3rafni tansta3mal
Labs lak7al 7it matli la carte
3ayach f chkal f7ala dyali La Farge
3alam titsnani nglabha cravatte kitsnani nwali standard imchi lo7ni f la cage clacage drafat jomhori 3arafni wa7ch tranquille fikra wa7da f rass yasser 3arafat wasir ha la fac la baghi t3amar rass
Machi darori thabal walidik bach tban class
Ga3 li gal 3liya chi hadra taynsa ytla9 la chasse
Mazal ghi khataf wakha l corda lachate ma3andoch chakhsiya chbabena 7achak danya korsa tit3i L'Morphine bayasse fin ydir l'massage

Darab 7sab l tarikh ga3ma tansali
3araf ch7al man wa7ad fl3alam dayr b7ali b7ali
Mousi9a o mtaki mtaki
Ktabt wra9i wra9i
Rappeur o rak 3araf hbali
Dmaghi tayfti 3liya
Mtarjam li chafto 3iniya w 9odam lmicro tan9ar9ab snani
Rap dima fbali blad dima rallye l3bad li darani nwakal rab l3ali

Masasa o 7ijab f blad l 2ikti2ab
Ijik ijik hbal tskar tnzal la cabe
Mab9a fiha adab mani chaf 7at i9ra2e ta7t man xxl
Nifa9 f nidam li fa9 lo menottes
Rifa9 o l2ikhwane ytaf9o la chafo l culotte la chamo l cocotte
L7ass lcapa yb9a dima ghi copillote 3bad lfaroj cocorico
Li bghaw ghir ijarboh m3a dakhla tatkhbat coup de ciseaux
Li tit3ala9 fin itfala9 tiwali maskhot jibo
Chibaniya tat fantasmi f  2M 3la rodrigo
Nada skhona hna 7na frigo 7na csida
Nsat7o li tiratab f 7nak sido 7na w9ida
Tala3na rideau 7na lmsida 7na l79i9a
Bla marga bla khof bgha lmerda blado
Ka3 l ifri9a zakof man 3li tal mamado mchat ti9a kho yeah

Darab 7sab l tarikh ga3ma tansali
3araf ch7al man wa7ad fl3alam dayr b7ali b7ali
Mousi9a o mtaki mtaki
Ktabt wra9i wra9i
Rappeur o rak 3araf hbali
Dmaghi tayfti 3liya
Mtarjam li chafto 3iniya w 9odam lmicro tan9ar9ab snani
Rap dima fbali blad dima rallye l3bad li darani nwakal rab l3ali

Kan hada L'MorphineBlack jack roulette
Losing high and low
She rolls the dice, she's cold as ice
Turn a young man old
Comedy and tragedy
Entertainment or death
Like sister morphine
Hooked on her game
Time to place your bets

If it wasn't for bad luck
I'd have no luck at all

Keep your eye on the money
Keep your eye on the dealer's hand
Keep your eye on the money
Keep your eye on the lady's hand

Queen of hearts
Or ace of spades
I'm dancing on the blade
Freak show, going broke
The crowd screams on for more
Electric shock won't bring ya back
You've gone over the boards
Can't beat the clock the deck is stacked
The crowd looks on in horror

If it wasn't for bad luck
I'd have no luck at all

Keep your eye on the money
Keep your eye on the dealer's hand
Keep your eye on the money
Keep your eye on the lady's handI'm a teenage tearaway
I'm a tearaway teen
I'm a teenage tearaway
What does that even mean?

Bored of the bomb scares
I get a chance then fuck
{?}
Acid attacks now on a daily basis
Corrupt police beat 
With a camera, they showing
Still no signs of slowing
All happening behind the closed doors
They can twist and bend the laws
Just to justify the same old cause
Running through wheat while running down a fleet
Traffic on the street
Can't read no receipt
Couple of cops
I came first to the scene
Empty bottle shanked for the gasoline
Still nothing to be seen
He was only 16
 fluorine
He was down on morphine

I'm a teenage tearaway
I'm a tearaway teen
I'm a teenage tearaway
What does that even mean?

Smashed windscreen, he was laying in between
Bandannas and riot shields
The feelings of chill when someone gets killed
Feeling fully fed up
When the shit goes down
I'll be running faster than a trained greyhound
But with directions, I still ain't sure
All I know is I won't turn to the law

I'm a teenage tearaway
I'm a tearaway teen
I'm a teenage tearaway
What does that even mean?

Only  what she gets on her pregnancy test
Ain't her fault, she was born into it
Mother then daughter, 16 in between
The dad's not there, nowhere to be seen
Government turn a blind eye when it suits them
Decorate the flats outside with pollution
Everything's fine no hate no crime

I'm a teenage tearaway
I'm a tearaway teen
I'm a teenage tearaway
What does that even mean?You told me happiness is just a moment
From the porch of your Victorian apartment
We sat outside
The air was broken and summer was barging in
The homeless lady pushed her shopping carts
And your neighbors played mariachi music until 4 am
You said, "When this one passes I should probably walk away."
"Because I'm gonna leave you the first chance I get
I'm a black hole, I'm empty and dead
You can carve your name in stone
But it's just not permanent."
But you told me you think you loved me
When you collapsed on the floor of your room
After you told me to leave
In that moment
I realized I was sure I loved you too
So, now I'm always putting out fires with my bare hands
Until two black stumps are all that remain
I don't think my feeble heart's enough
To blanket these growing flames
You can drop me at the hospital
I'll OD on morphine and dream about you
As my heart seizes one more time before you go
Then I'll probably wake up alone and be alone forever
With an itch on my back that I cannot scratch
In the shape of your heart
Forever
Everybody leaves
Everybody leaves eventually
Everybody breaks
Bends to late
Nobody's happy
You'll never be happy this time
When it's your heart on the line
Take a step back -- who would really want to fall in love?
Now it all plays out and the way you call me "babe"
Dies with every other nickname
I have so many nicknames I can't keep track anymore
I'll bury them in bourbon and half-smoked cigarettes
As we come to an end
Or to an understanding I don't want to understand
Because everybody leaves
Everybody leaves eventually
Everybody breaks
Bends too late
And no one is happy
You'll never be happy this time
When it's my heart on the line
"If I can't love you, why would you ever love me back?
I can't love you, why would you ever love me back?
Dylan I don't know how to love you anymore
So please don't love me back."Walking through the badlands
I watch the tyrants scar the red sands
Their greed is like morphine
Drilling into the veins with machines
The purest for of evil that I've ever seen

Who are you to destroy this ancient land?
How dare you disrespect what you don't understand
We will rise up
We will take it back
You are called out
This is where we make our stand

We're tearing down the walls
We are the outlaws, we are the outlaws
Your kingdom was built to fall
And now we're coming for you all

Riding through the canyons
I am the outlaw left abandoned
Fingerprints of future lives
Footprints of homes left behind
Self-destruction is the greatest failure of mankind

Who are you to destroy this ancient land
How dare you disrespect what you don't understand
We will rise up, we will take it back
You are called out
We will make our stand

Don't let this world go
We'll never make it on our own
Don't let this world go
The only home we've ever known

We're tearing down the walls
We are the outlaws, we are the outlaws
Your kingdom was built to fall
And now we're coming for you all

So here we stand back to back at crossroads
Our guns drawn now
It's time to reap what you've sowed
Bronze, silver and gold
Now lead is all that you're owed
With your last ten steps
You'll suffer six feet belowHey babes, you wanna get date raped?
Well you've already been drugged, the next thing you'll see is day break
So here's what I think the plan is
I'll fuck the shit out of you, and you'll pretend it didn't happen
But when I spike the drink, I use the micro-chip
So if I ever wanna fuck her again, I'll find the bitch!
Introduce my mum to every girl I bring home
But rape's not as fun when Rohypnol is involved
Nympho, all I do is rape and rap
Talk shit and get it in the neck, when I make you gag
Lay you flat on your chest, put my hand up your dress
Push your face in the ground from the back of your head
I won't pause for dramatic effect
With my eyes closed, this can easily be turned to passionate sex
Any women will be dragged to my bed
It's only off limits or wrong if it's a member of family or an ex

I don't want the paper
I just wanna rape 'ya
Rape the bitch, take the dick
I don't want the paper, I just wanna rape 'ya
Rape the bitch take the dick

I'm a creep, stalkin' you back home
Call me the Grim Rapist, I rock a hood and wear black clothes
The reason you were told "Never speak to strangers"
I'm a sexually frustrated, heavy breathin' rapist
High on morphine
Like I don't give a fuck if this will scar you for the rest of your life, I'm horny
If a girl ignores me, I can take hints
Hmm, that means they're into rapin'
Pervert, all I do is rap and rape
Is that okay? I don't slap girls asses, I slap their face!
Puke when there's love in the air
I will tie you up to a chair and stuff you under the stairs
With the Freddy Kruger glove that I wear
The only time I pull women is when I'm tuggin' their hair
When it comes to girls, I've had a hard life, I can't lie
The quickest way to a woman's heart is a sharp knife

Surrounded by a pool of blood, a bed-rod had been torn away from her headboard, and in a sexual frenzy, rammed into her vaginaOh my darling, you are the restless sea
With your black heart raging over me
Has the blue sky seen the same trouble as we?
Tell me true, my love, the restless sea
There are three things never satisfied
The grave, your heart, and mine
But I will hold you in my arms, where rust and sorrow lie
Underneath the bounding main tonight

And by now, you must've found better than me
I'm sure Jupiter and Orpheus have charmed you off your feet
By now, I'm sure you've gotten over me
While you're kissing clouds and gods, I'll be crawling on my knees
Sweet morphine
Sweet morphine

And yes, I've come to know you are the endless night
High above my love, and the constellation light
Waving your fingertips of sleep over the dark on the face of the deep
Endless night, I know you well, indeed

By now, you must've found better than me
I'm sure Jupiter and Orpheus have charmed you off your feet
By now, I'm sure you've gotten over me
While you're kissing clouds and gods, I'll be crawling on my knees
Sweet morphine
Sweet morphine
By now, you must've found better than me
I'm sure Jupiter and Orpheus have charmed you off your feet
Oh, by now, I'm sure you've gotten over me
While you're kissing clouds and gods, I'll be crawling on my knees
Sweet morphine
Sweet morphineParoles de L'Morphine "L'Morphiniya 20"

Yeah..
Parmita 9tita zidini kas Ricard
Ra skati hiba tjam3o 3lih nas lkbar
Antla3 fog l contoire anlo7 kaskita

Machi b bubbaloo bach fartet snani, wella 7lawet sofa
Makountch kandir matna matna fel bayt tani
Wa lkalbo na3es, f bayte l7ares, o ntouma katsawlo 3lach sa7abti mantofa
Lmodir b pinwar bahlawane o pantofa
Wana b jib bak f Kenza Mall kant njib 3atofa
Nhar katji 7anan belketane ki l7alofa
Tanmchi tanjri ljnan nekmi lhofa lmalfofa
2013 9atrat chta katfaye9ni, noud rak betti f zen9a
Hadi li fjibi zar9a ola war9a
Ghi kan9is b'2idi chony zetla ola 9alwa
7elma moura 7elma, tssenna netffaker be3da
Sedma wra sedma, antssatta fel'9bar ghedda
Gehma wra gehma, antssamma dkar ze3ma
Ze3ma wra ze3ma, dreb semta o t7ane 9arda
Jahd bbetta bgha ydahcherna jib ring
Katbali sghir b constime kbir 3lik ahya Mami jib Sting
Makaninich b string, wakha golt chony
Khsima li matlate tabbouni
M3ak hbil, chkon gal ibatini chkon 7es b bitano
Babini babini forza Cristiano
3la dini 3la dini, rwapa bdaw ibano
7it makmawch li kami samawni 3adi
Ra golte lik L'Morpho men yamate nadi chad 3baro
Nhar l3id jmile
Matal9och disc 7ta tatkhnazo 3la bali tejmil
Morphine"I am God, and all other gods are my imagery. I gave birth to myself. I am millions of forms excreating; eternal; and nothing exists except through me; yet I am not them - they serve me."
Grant me profane kiss
Oh Isis mother ov all
Thy lips like morphine
Teasing my slumbering heart
Release me!
This cosmos is way to small
Come down on earth, evangelize!
Ravishing muse
Abduct my spirit
And bury my will
In spacious beyond
That human thought can never reach
Alight upon the earth
And consecrate my engines ov life!
And so I chant that triumph ov might
Trampling kingdoms ov conscience
I, the archangel ov wrath
With one word, the unholy sword
I overmastered every image ov god
I come in splendor and golden glory
Seeking war trophies
And sacred spoils
To purify this heart ov mine
To cast away rotten rood
Defile morality ov the blind god
Defiling morality ov black godYou close your eyes
And hope that nothing gets through
These walls are high
Guarded by a statue
And you've been blind
'Cause it's yourself you consume
But not this time
No, I won't let it eat you

Wait, this is not the end
It's where I began
We are up against the world, oh
You know we live for every day, until tomorrow
Hey, oh, don't lose your head
We're able to knock 'em dead
I'll save you
If you're on the edge, I said
This is not the end
This is not the end
This is not the end
This is not the end
This is not the end
This is not the end
This is not the end
This is not the end
This is not the end

The job is through
Yeah, it is done
I own you
This war is won, won
You play your part
Yet, you hang on
Because you'd rather die in my arms
I'll give you nothing but morphine dreams
As you sleep, record back all your screams
When you wake, play 'em back
Split your seams so you're breaking until you bleed

Wait, this is not the end
It's where I began
We are up against the world, oh
You know we live for every day, until tomorrow
Hey, oh, don't lose your head
We're able to knock 'em dead
I'll save you
If you're on the edge, I said
This is not the end
This is not the
This is not the end
This is not the end
This is not the end

Wait, this is not the end
It's where I began
We are up against the world, oh
You know we live for every day, until tomorrow
Hey oh, hey oh
Hey oh, hey oh
Hey oh, hey oh
This is not the end
This is not the end

End
This is not the end
This is not the end
This is not the endOkay, I make art, make sense
Matter fact, maybe my
Work is, too abstract
And it go, over heads, carry on
I was born alone, I'mma die alone
Like okay, I make art, make sense, that's that
Matter fact, maybe my, work is, too abstract
And it go, over heads, carry on
I was born alone, I'mma die alone

That's a different song, my pen out, my pistol drawn
And I'm sitting on the world like I'm sitting on your couch with my shoes on
Give a fuck about what you want, I could care less
Need a headrest because they bore me because my cup filled with morphine
Tell Nike endorse me
Tell Kim and tell Kourtney
Tell Kylie and Khole
Tell Kendall I love her
Our babies be gorgeous but our days these babies are born into
So I proceed with caution
Got a crib with a fortress
And the fortress got a backyard
In the backyard there's a forest
God damn I'm important
Got a mind worth exploring
That's a mind full of gold get your portion



That's the saddest song but on a different note
I be at the crib all alone
Painting pictures, making movies, writing songs
Writing hooks, and fuck around writing a book
About the mind and how it works and no degree
They could lie but that's just me
And leave behind a piece of mind, a piece of me
It has to be a piece of me, a masterpiece

And it ain't no Ralph though
It ain't Ralph level
(Okay, well let me ask you this)
(I'm asking you)
What's the name of your clothing line?
We don't knowTastes like morphine
But less sweet
Sound like honey
When I speak
But baby wanna, he wanna test me
But I love it like a drug
You're trying

Want that sex appeal
But I'm his angel
No, for him I would kill
And ride the thrill like a wave

He don't wanna try no more
No, he don't wanna put in effort
No, he just wanna post up, look hard
He don't wanna see me 'fore dark
He don't wanna try no more
No, he don't wanna put in effort
He don't wanna try
No, he don't wanna

Feel like whiskey
Just less sweet
Say you need me
Yeah, lie to me
But baby wanna, he want to feel me
But I do it for the love, I'm feining

Want that white pill
But still you, you won't heal
No, for him I would kill
And ride the thrill like a wave

He don't wanna try no more
No, he don't wanna put in effort
No, he just wanna post up, look hard
He don't wanna see me 'fore dark
He don't want to try no more
No, he don't want to put in effort
He don't want to try
No, he don't want to

He don't wanna, he don't wanna
Try
He don't wanna, he don't wanna
Try

He don't wanna try no more
No, he don't wanna put in effort
No, he just wanna post up, look hard
He don't wanna see me 'fore dark
He don't wanna try no more
No, he don't wanna put in effort
No, he just wanna post up, look hardWhatever gets you off on life
Whatever gets you off on life
No judgement wrong or right
Yeah yeah, you made a believer out of me
Come on and lay your hands on me
Come on and lay your hands on me
Praise the Lord in all his might
Oh, you made a believer out of me

Dang dang, you sure like to bang a lot
Dang dang, you sure like to bang, bang
Dang dang, you sure like to bang a lot
Dang dang, a bang bang, a dang dang

Late in the morning
In the early of the night
Ring-a-ting-ting-a-ling
You shake-shook me alright
Licker flickers liqueur's quicker
Effen sweat and starry eyed
Thought I was psycho bad
But you're morphine injectified

Whatever gets you off on life
Whatever gets you off on life
No judgement wrong or right
Oh, you made a believer out of me
Come on and lay your hands on me
Come on and lay your hands on me
Praise the Lord in all his might
Well, you made a believer out of me

Dang dang, you sure like to bang a lot
Dang dang, you sure like to bang, bang
Dang dang, you sure like to bang a lot
Dang dang, a bang bang, a dang dang

Resurrect me from sweet cherry suicide
If that's the way we go, then what a way to die
Coochie hootchie chitchie hitchie wick a lily ding dang dong
I'm flying high with angels, screaming sha-la-kah in tongues
Whatever gets you off on life
Whatever gets you off on life
No judgement wrong or right
Oh, you made a believer out of me

Dang dang, you sure like to bang a lot
Dang dang, you sure like to bang, bang
Dang dang, you sure like to bang a lot
Dang dang, a bang bang, a dang dangToo many sounds irritate my earholes
Like Planet Rock beats from L.A. hoes
The same old thing, same old shit I'm tired
Was once on the payroll about to be fired
Black radio shame, pop rap's to blame
Program your playlist to sound the same
With a disco tempo, cliche intro
Wack rap tracks for commercial shows
Mindless music for the masses has to take
Time away from the real rap master
So I'll stay cool for community airplay
While ratings slip for the shit that you play
This is a test a lesson to be observed
No wack rhymes are heard I keep on raising the curve
Back and forth I never stick I'm soft I just run it
Punks'll shun it, gangs keeping girlies on it
Paris is the dog, much doper than morphine
Sick with the style so you can say you've seen
The radical magical man, master of master plan
So smooth from beginning to end
This is a test, back it up when I'm in the place
And all hail to the dog with the righteous bass
The boss I come across rough on your radio wave
Terror on two-track whenever I'm played
Punks keep stepping that's the reason why I
Come through sicker than a L.A. drive-by
By dropping bombs in songs y'all keep singing along
So smooth it couldn't never go wrong
This is a test

Yo dig
When you buy a rap record do you buy it for dance moves
Or do you buy rap cause the lyrics are smooth
Cause if you wanna dance you should stick with the other one
And leave the dog alone till the dancing is done
But then when you're ready for the brother who leads
And feeds all rap lovers with rhymes like these
I dish a little taste of the bass of Scarface
And pace the rhyme space to chase the weak-kneed
Cause I don't play -- Well my name ain't 
Or A-T-C, or N.W.A
I'm Paris, the Asiatic lord of light
With the power to fight and write rhymes to stay
Cause I'm hotter than lava when I be up on a microphone
By now you should know it the poet's doper than most
By dispensing of ignorance and by keeping the wack down
You enter to the realm of the Scarface sound
This is a testDon Diablo & Khrebto - Got the Love
Flo Rida - Dirty Mind feat. Sam Martin
Mike Posner - Be As You Are (Jordon XL Remix)
Echos - All I Want
Dvsn - Hallucinations
I Am Karate - Bitter
Kid Ink - Promise feat. Fetty Wap
Alan Walker - Faded
Jetta - I'd Love to Change the World (Matstubs Remix)
Aeroplane Mode - Aphrodite
Tchami - Alone feat. Illangelo & Chuck Ellis
RAC - Magic Hour feat. Little Boots
Lewis Lane  - Take
Coyote Kisses - The Deep
Snoop Dogg - I'm From Long Beach
Fetty Wap - Merry Xmas feat. Monty
Wilde - 100 Days feat. The 25th Hour
Jidenna - Extraordinaire
Alvin Risk - Beastmode feat. Hodgy Beats
Diamond Eyes - U & I (Froogle Remix)
Tchami - Freakin feat. Dombresky
Photo Ops - Maybe We'll Change
LCD Soundsystem - Christmas Will Break Your Heart
Weekender - Floaty Feeling, Blue
Kevin Devine - No One Says You Have To
Rudimental  - Lay It All On Me (feat. Big Sean, Vic Mensa & Ed Sheeran) 
Mac Irv - Kitchen feat. Tory Lanez
Dreezy - Nonstop
Lianne La Havas - Green & Gold (Donnie Trumpet & Nate Fox Remix)
Olivia Noelle - Faking It
Krrum - Morphine (Ben Baptie Remix)
Blended Babies - Dizzy Mornin'
Coheed and Cambria - Hello
Damien Jurado - Exit 353
Brian Fallon - A Wonderful Life
Blue House - Hot Air Balloons
KYTES - On the Run (Mount Remix)
Gnash - Tell Me It's Okay
Two Another - Higher
Oh, Be Clever - BlanketDon't know, confusion
In my head and in my soul
Constant illusion
Making blurry what I'm for
Don't know well if I do
What I am here to do
In my head, don't know well if there's
Sanity or not
Don't know, confusion
About who now I should be
Rush an infusion
Sweet morphine to my brain
Don't know well if I do
What I am here to do
In my head, don't know well if there's
Sanity or not, sanity or notSlowly we peel away the layers and the light seeps through the cracks
You whispered softly in my ear the birth of morning's upon us, dear
The bandages feel upon the floor
And there was no one in that room
It's quiet down the hallway where the doctors wash their hands
Behind my eyes I feel the hollow jabs of your morphine kiss
Your anesthetic voice is autographed upon my bones
This reception died in vein. In vain
A tarnished angel leaves her ghost on the surface
A jealous daughter starves to death for the mother
As I awaited your return. I wait for your return
It seems the only way that I will ever feel alive
Throw myself into my injuries and close my eyes
I'd give anything to feel alive
And I will wait for you tonight
The scalpel carves a map for youM3a sa7ti tanriski
Netfahem b la silki
Mar7ba bikom f cirki
Mnin nkamel sir kmi
L3oud li 7garto bda ye3mi
Dima tabi3i 3ilmi
Ma9adch ndir 3in mika
Tatchadni lghira 3la bladi lmofabraka lmokharba9a
Normal tkoun mojoda tesmika
Mais dima lmkhikha ba9a chada lmas2ala
Ljawab 3la so2al dyalkom disc mazal ma sala
L'morphine freestyle Master Dib khouya

Hakuna matata
Bach t3alem lmorphiniya lo7 darham cravata
Hey sabata ! 7zam sebata
Drab kitma, ghanjriw chwiya
Darb o l9isma, rassi matidorch kodya
3andi ghi bab wa7ad lah ysado 3liya
Nor mab9ach
Lil Wayne daro babah, Lmorphine 3awnato la hach
M3ichte l puvriya, blama tsiftlo briya
F rap des ouvriers w9afna 3al zar9a o l9orfiya
Ghi maghribi ana blama tchof fiya
Rap diabétique, Hicham 3ando l7e9
Galo li: "byaditi", l7e9 bel moja l7e9
Ch3alti Lmorphine khtatfek, sra3 jib lmosarfi9at fok
Lklam ifazgek, lmosi9a t7ok
3ayatli kasal f'7amam chek, kantwa7chek
O pousse toi dommage, ma3andich l fromage
Ghi b'dmaghi o fo9 lforma taj
Jiti jiti glas ndiro lik formatage
L7orma bghat, l7mara b'dabza jrate
Rap t'urbanisa 7aydo 3bayat l'2arsad
Sma3 achalabi mab9awch lforsate
Rap hada chouf m3a l9adam dahabi
O tmaregh fel barça, akoun awla akoun
Wakha b'sor3at l7alazoun, jaykoum l'halakoun (hana golt)
Lmkhayer fikoum inapte, had l'freestyle li habet, men l'maghrib machi l3ira9
Ach dak tfare9 Tanja 3la Jbal Tareq a Hira9l
Ga3 li kma lmaghribiya ti wali ghi zagel
Rima panachi, swag d'Miloud l7abachi
Riglo lmagen chado l3otal
Jaya lmixtape Total, kima ti gol lgawri: "Trop tard !"
Lfawda hanta teghra9 9arabti lfoundo
Tfondo dyal besa7 grindayer
Wayak nchahik f zatla lgreen tayder
Ana dareb pilanti drab f 3ayni layzer
Mabiyach lmaghrib biya l'copa del mundo
Aka Belmondo (lmankher nharsou)
O ga3 li labes bondo, 9rib n3arso (9rib n3arso)Yeah, Cinematic, Renaissance
Razah Rubies, you know
I ain't writing rhymes no more
I'm writing movie scripts
And this one is all Blaxploitation
"Well I think that's a little bit out of our league"
"Only out of our league, if you think it's out of my league"
"Well then that's what I mean!"

That's when I met Coffy, a belvedere dear, hair like Pam Grier
Sipping on some Grand Marnier, gave me a cold stare
Glared at the sparkle like Claudine, she brought fiends
Said she want a piece of the action and more cream
Morphine, guarded your dreams with just an old fling
She moved on to bigger and better things, like wedding rings
Married to a Superfly guy, they went to Cooley High
With Fives on the Black Hand Side, they wanted Short Eyes
A hundred grand dead or alive, they found 'em hogtied
Inside the Car Wash of his boss' ride in crossfire
The minute Truck Turner arrived to pay the court by
I want him and his bride married side by side
That's one down, two to go, no witnesses, no clues
Lady Sing the Blues so he cut off her airplay
It's Three the Hard Way, gun spray when it's broad day
The Mack had his hoes lined up in the hallway
One girl, Mahogany know him because of skin tone
Used to bone Black Belt Jones and check her cell phone
Redial then got a dial tone from Cleopatra Jones
Noticed she was after the throne, so she grabbed the chrome
And called up Trouble Man, "Damn we need a better plan
It's Hell Up in Harlem when Cotton come with more grams"
Ok, yes mam, I'm keeping it low key, I'm O.G
Just make sure it's Cornbread for Earl and Me
"Ya'll listen to this little record
Don't get your hearts together
Talk about taking checks, what do you think you're doing
Everytime you pick up a gun?"

Black Caesar caught the kite, he was uptight
'Cause Dolemite was Uptown Saturday Night moving that china white
Willie Dynamite had a bet on Iron Mike
Gambling with money trouble, can't break the Monkey Hustle
So it's champagne bubbles, cigars, and card shuffles
Money in the duffle bag, Shaft'll get the other half
He put it on his badge and staff'll leave a blood bath
The spook who sat by the door, sold him the .44
And keep on recording more, footage and go it's war
Cuz slaughter's big whip more was hurting his credit score
With Petey Wheatstraw, who was getting his 'caine raw
He paid for a Sugar Hill, and crisp hundred dollar bills
Heard killas out in Bucktown, got his brother kill
The word is it happened up in Uncle Tom's Cabin
A witness saw it all Across 110th Street
Convinced me, and I could get the low with the charges
We the black godfathers, love the silence revolvers
Black cinema
"Listen to me, you had three stand the chance
To get something out of her"
"Yeah, that is besides laughing and bragging
Over how many brothers you done chopped and killed
In some foolish gun war
Now sit your funky asses down for a change"Head was hung low
And your sandals, much older
As the record spins, time tiptoes back
Bones on a thread, far from your shoulders
Stitch in the seam between the earth and the sky
You're wearing the soul of a coalminer's daughter
Down in a hole singing your song
A kick in the wind, back in some holler
Patching up holes in the setting sun
We are the ones that came by the needle
Stuck in a groove cut by your hand
Wrapped in a cloak and safe in the shadows
A cavalry's arc casts over the land
Tracks in the south, and the hit of the silence
The kiss of death, then the palest blue
Seventh hope that grows for to warn us
Morphine girl and the sorta truth
We are the ones that came by the needle
Stuck in a groove cut by your hand
Wrapped in a cloak and safe in the shadows
A cavalry's arc casts over the landI asked your mother for you
She told me that you was too young
I wish dear Lord never have seen your face
And I'm sorry that you ever been born

Irene good night, Irene good night
Goodnight Irene, goodnight Irene
I'll get you in my dreams

Sometimes I live in the country
And sometimes I lives in town
Sometimes I have a great notion
To jump into the river and drown

Irene good night, Irene good night
Goodnight Irene, goodnight Irene
I'll get you in my dreams


I loves Irene, God knows I do
Loves her till the sea runs dry
If Irene turns her back on me
I'm gonna take morphine and die

Stop ramblin' and stop gamblin'
Quit staying out late at night
Come home into your wife and your family
Sit down by the fireside bright

Irene good night, Irene good night
Goodnight Irene, goodnight Irene
I'll get you in my dreamsI'll die smiling
Something I heard someone says
To me, will make me laugh
And I'll lay back and fade away
Let me go, I'll be fine
Frozen here in time
Sick of being alive

Eaten up inside!
Let me die, go away!
I never got what I wanted!
I never got what I needed!
What's on my mind?
Who can say?
It's my infection I'm feeding!
I cannot stop all this bleeding!

I'll be ready
Give me the morphine
And I'll go to sleep as I dream
Maybe I will just slide away
Let me go, I'll be fine
Frozen here in time
Sick of being alive

Eaten up inside!
Let me die, go away!
I never got what I wanted!
I never got what I needed!
What's on my mind?
Who can say?
It's my infection I'm feeding!
I cannot stop all this bleeding!
Eaten up inside!
Let me die, go away!
I never got what I wanted!
I never got what I needed!
What's on my mind?
Who can say?
It's my infection I'm feeding!
I cannot stop all this bleeding!
Eaten up inside!: ألبومات / Albums
2Gunz - Alhamdulillah
Al Kayssar - Valium 10
Casa System - Maroc System
Cha3la Rap - Tawra Fo9 Lbeat
Chaht Man - Attawri
Chrif aka Akhen - Sbata Aka Zero Four
KeniClan – 9asse7 7sen Men Keddab
L3arbé - Dem W Flous
Lmoutchou - Lmoutchou Family
Mc JO - B'Darija
Mohammad Din - Influenza L Hip Hop
Muslim - Al Tamarrod Vol. 1
Nores - Bit Ennar
Omis - Mn 9alb L9alb
Rofix - Karahiya
Tiraline - Al Baraka
Under-Man - Bin L'7olm w L'7a9i9a
: ميكستايبات / Mixtapes
2Gunz - Influenza Rap
2Mido - Mgharba Fi Dem
2Nami (aka Ssamid) - Rap Sla7i
Alfaress feat. DJ Med - L7erfi
Al Nasser - 3alam Al Nasser
Big Breed - Hada Howa L'Blan
Big Breed - Mixtape The Best Of Big Breed
Cha3la Rap - Hrouf Lhiphop
Chaht Man - Chrou3a D'Rap Vol. 10
Chrif aka Akhen - Chinobi
Chrif aka Akhen - L'Wa9t Edaye3 Vol 3
Chrif aka Akhen - L'Wa9t Edaye3 Vol 4
Dinasty - Zan9a Academy
Gamehdi - CasaNostra
Gang-G - Répétition (I3ada)
Klass-A - Infected Virus I
L'Morphine - Maxi L'Morphine
Lmoutchou x DJ Medfleed - Dars Khass 9abla l'Album
Loco Lghadab - 3youne Bakya
L.Tzack - Drouba Day9in Vol. 1
MC Bizarre - Angry
Mc Rivo - Lwa9t Bdala
Nores - Gangsta Slawi
Raptiviste - Les éclectiques Raptiviste
Rofix - La3b Kber
Spoo Pow - Maskhout Cha3b
Ta3bir L'7or - Hada Nharna
TMM Family - 15 Coups
: أعمال أخرى
يناير
- 01/01 : Dr Lile - Opéra Gangsters
- 15/01 : Rofix - Mat3fnichi We Matbkichi
✓ 20/01 : Rofix - Lila Dokhla (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 25/01 : Rabat Voice feat Mister Flow & Asmae - Ch7al S3ib
- 27/01 : Madi feat. Rofix - Chitan O Safi
فبراير
- 05/02 : Loco Aka Lghadab - 7akem R.A.P
- 08/02 : Rofix - Ma3andichi Sahbi
- 09/02 : Mu2min - I'M Gangster
- 11/02 : 2Nami ( Aka Ali Ssamid) - Ba9i Ssamid Vol 2
- 13/02 : 2Nami ( Aka Ali Ssamid) - F7a' Debaan
- 15/02 : Madi feat. Rofix - 9alb Rhiif
- 17/02 : Derb-Lile - Party Gangsters
✓ 18/02 : Bad Flow - Mli Sawti Ye9leb Fik (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 24/02 : 2Nami Aka Ssamid - Lila De Lkharja
مارس
- 02/03 : Rofix - Kfen K7al
- 03/03 : Lsan L7a9 - Sem Lghali
✓ 09/03 : 2Nami - Rissala M'Cha3b (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 11/03 : Rabat Voice - Makayen walo
- 13/03 : Rofix - Rebi khalsek biya
- 14/03 : Loco Aka Lghadab - Shut 'Em Down
- 20/03 : 2Nami Aka Ssamid - Wntoma Chkoun
أبريل
- 05/04 : 2Nami feat Loco, Majhoul, Mu2min, Thugpen & Outlife - Beni Makada City Vol2
- 13/04 : Loco Aka Lghadab - Tma3ti Fel Flouss
- 16/04 : 2Nami feat Loco, Mu2min, Thugpen - Drari Metgharba
- 21/04 : Loco Aka Lghadab - Lista Ke7la
- 23/04 : 2Nami Aka Ssamid - Freestyle F'5h D'Sba7
- 26/04 : Loco Aka Lghadab feat B-La - Pourquoi Tu M'a Fais Ça?
- 29/04 : Loco Aka Lghadab - Bnat Lkass
ماي
- 03/05 : 2Nami Aka Ssamid - Sa9sawnii
- 07/05 : 2Nami Aka Ssamid - Fhame L7rofe
- 08/05 : Loco Aka Lghadab feat Mu2min & Thug-Pen - Khademti S7our
- 15/05 : Shay-Feen - Khalla Daro
- 18/05 :  - Ghir Nbch 9abri
يونيو
✓ 02/06 : Lsan L7a9 feat. Kabran - BM Soldiers (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 05/06 : Man-yak feat. Small X - Kanbghik Ana
- 21/06 : BaD Flow feat Rofix - Moradi Fel 7ayat
- 24/06 : Loco Aka Lghadab - 7arb Lm3ani
- 30/06 : Loco Aka Lghadab - Lew9ar
- 30/06 : Rofix - Fkhatar Plantos Dyali
يوليوز
- 04/07 : Bossidone Feat Cho-B - Nod Takhdem
- 16/07 : Loco Aka Lghadab - Sedri Mekhnou9
- 17/07 : Lsan L7a9 - Ana Li Kayne
غشت
- 03/08 : 2Nami Aka Ssamid - Sa7bek Wella 3douk
- 06/08 : Loco Aka Lghadab - Lghadab V2
- 06/08 : Loco Aka Lghadab - Weswas Znaya9
- 11/08 : Lsan L7a9 - Nsa Li Fat
- 13/08 : 2Nami Aka Ssamid - Bla Bik Ana
- 14/08 : Lsan L7a9 - So9 Chyaten
✓ 15/08 : Casa Crew - Skout La (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 25/08 : Don Bigg - Matmchich Ghalet
- 25/08 : Don Bigg - Mo3a9
- 29/08 : Rofix - Seb3a Del Arwa7
- 30/08 : Cho-B - Dissing Freestyle
شتنبر
أكتوبر
- 03/10 : Rofix - Sma3 a7obi
- 08/10 : 2Nami Aka Ssamid - Dkhol Fssaf
- 10/10 : Loco Aka Lghadab - 3youne Bakya
- 22/10 : Loco Aka Lghadab - Nfissam Cha5siya
- 22/10 : Rofix - Ntina Sbabo
- 25/10 : Lsan L7a9 - Malak A7zani
- 28/10 : RoFix - Jarwa Dyali
نونبر
- 01/11 : Pappy Mouchkil - Men lor
- 03/11 : RoFix - L3obodiya
- 04/11 : Rabat Voice - FreeStyle 36
- 05/11 : TigeRap - Safi Seddo
- 05/11 : Rabat Voice Feat Asmae - 9bal madir Fakar
- 08/11 : Loco Aka Lghadab - Dmou3 L5ataya
- 08/11 : 2Nami Aka Ssamid - Fzna9i Kayna Ismii
- 10/11 : Rofix - AJi Tesma3
- 16/11 : Shayfeen feat. Man-Yak - Hip Hop Flippa
- 17/11 : 2Nami Aka Ssamid - Ba9i Gangster
- 25/11 : 2Nami Aka Ssamid - Rwapa Talfine
- 29/11 : TigeRap - Round 1 Freestyle
دجنبر
✓ 07/12 : Masta Flow - 7attite L'mdad (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 08/12 : R'king 3weezy - Casa Wesh Feen
✓ 10/12 : Yassine ft Cho-B - Marock (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 14/12 : Lsan L7a9 feat Cheb Assil - Mo7al Nensa
- 24/12 : 2Nami Aka Ssamid - Tla3 Tekka
✓ 29/12 : TAR - Lclack (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 30/12 : R'king 3weezy - Kush FREESTYLE
✓ Rofix feat Erore - Tla9ina Sodfa (Paroles / الكلمات)
- Hablo - Chkoun lli ba9i msmou3
- Hablo - Cha3l Fire15- Mr Crazy - Rap Story
الفائز بجائزة "موروكو ميوزيك أواردز" في صنف موسيقى الراب والهيبهاب عن أغنية "ماشي مشكل" والتي حققت نسبة مشاهدات عالية في يوتيوب بلغت منذ طرحها في أواخر مارس من هته السنة 16 مليون مشاهدة، أصدر أغنيتين جديرتين بالمكانة التي يحظى بها في قائمة الرابرز البارزين في الجيل الجديد، وهما أغنية "الشيباني" وأغنية "راب ستوري"، هته الأخيرة يحكي من خلالها قصة خطواته الأولى في الراب، تضحياته  وجميع الأحاسيس التي استشعرها طيلة مسيرته إلى الآن
مايعاب نوعا ما في الأغنية هو نطق ميستر كريزي لبعض الكلمات باللغة الإنجليزية، وكذا إتمام القافية في بعض الأحيان بنفس الكلمة. | OMEGA_R
14- Magma feat. Danger - 1956
الرابر المنحدر من مدينة الدار البيضاء وفي الظهور الوحيد له هته السنة أبرز لنا مهاراته الكتابية من خلال أغنية 1956، التي تعاون في إنتاجها مع كما العادة مع طارق جاهيلي، وتكلف باللازمة رابر سيدي البرنوصي : دانجر
ماڭما اختار البنية التقليدية في الراب: ثلاثة مقاطع كل مقطع يحوي 16 سطرا وبعد كل مقطع تبدأ اللازمة، بالإضافة إلى مقدمة عبارة عن مقتطف من حوار بين ليونيداس وداكسوس في فيلم 300
وسط نفوس وقلوب الحجر شاد الركنة كي السينوس، موسيقتي بولا حمرا بين صباع مورفيوس| OMEGA_R
13- Nessyou - Jibi
يونس تعرابت أو نيسيو، رابر من مدينة مراكش و على غرار مدينته التي يتميز سكانها بمعجم غني من الكلمات، قام نيسيو وبفكرة غير مسبوقة بكتابة نص يحاور فيه جيبه ويستعطفه، معتيرا إياه  صديقاً مقرباً وبإمكانه فعل أي شيء ليحصل على رضاه. هذا النوع من الحوار يذكرنا بأغنية مسلم "فمي" التي كانت عبارة عن حديث بين مسلم ولسانه (فمه)
كما كان ل "دادا" دور أيضا بجعل الأغنية أكثر روعة بأدائه لللازمة بصوته الرائع | NIRVANAQ
12- Mehdi Black Wind - Nashid II
أغلبية رابرز مدينة سلا يقدمون الراب على هيأته المثلى، المهدي أصدر هذا العام النسخة الثانية لأغنية النشيد، اختار تاريخ 14 فبراير لنشرها، ربما ليبيّن أن الراب هو حبه الحقيقي
في المضمون النشيد في نسختها الثانية لم تختلف عن الأولى، منتقدا دائماً المجتمع، الأسرة الحاكمة والوضعية التي تعيشها البلاد. من ناحية البنية لم تختلف هي الأخرى عن النسخة الأولى حيث احتفظ بمقطعين طويلين
في الإنتاج الموسيقي تعامل المهدي مع "ماج"، الذي أعطى قوة إضافية لبانشلاينات القرصان السلاوي  | OMEGA_R
11- Klass-A - Blame
10- Lmoutchou - Limitless
9- Don Bigg - ...
منذ ألبوم ""ثالث" لم يأتي توفيق بالجديد، وها هو يفاجئنا هذه السنة بأغنية تحمل ثلاثة نقاط كعنوان لها. فبعد الصراع الذي شاهدناه على مواقع التواصل الاجتماعي بينه وبين ديزي دروس، أصدر البيغ أغنيته التي شملت انتقادات واستهزاءات، ليس ل، ديزي فقط، بل لمجموعة كاملة من مغنيي الراب المغاربة المدعوين بالجيل الجديد، حيث أثبت البيغ وبجدارة أنه قادر على إذلال جيل بأكمله من خلال بضعة أسطر فقط. | Scrolph
8- Mehdi K-Libre - L' Mraya
7- Dizzy Dros - Todo Bien / Hna Bikher
ديزي ضروس منذ أغنية "ساليتي ولا باقي" التي لقت نجاحا السنة الماضية، اكتفى بإصدار أغنية واحدة هي "احنا بخير" وهي عبارة عن عمل مشترك مع رابر إسباني ذي أصول مغربية كيجغ ديست الذي سبق واشتغل مع ماسطا فلو في أغنية كازابلانكا
الفيديو كليب صور في برشلونة، ونُشر يوم 14 يوليوز نفس اليوم الذي أصدر فيه دان بيغ أغنية كلاش ليديزي ضروس
من اليوم ماكاين معاهم غي نو بيس
ڭاع غا تحردهم من غير أمينوفيس
اجبد عزي ماكاين لا شوبيز، لا إيموجيز كاين غا دوجيز| OMEGA_R
6- Masta Flow - Chbaghi
ماسطا فلو كونه من أعمدة الراب في المغرب لم يخيب الظن  في أغنية أش باغي، العمل الذي عرف تشاركا مع الديجي المغربي ديجي ميد. أراد ماسطا فلو من خلال سلك طريق الإيڭوتريب في هته الأغنية أن يبيّن للجيل الجديد من الرابرز والجمهور أنه لا زال حاضرا في ساحة الراب
صُور فيديو كليب لهته الأغنية في فرنسا مع حضور للرابر نيسيو، هذا قام بعمل ريميكس لنفس الأغنية مع عدة رابرز ذي أصول مغربية قاطنين بفرنسا
حاكم و ماعلى بالي، عقلية الميليتاري
مداد كتابي مايسالي، الراب يشوفني يقول ناري| OMEGA_R
5- Fat Mizzo - Benzo
فاط ميزو أو حمزة مستعيد، رابر و مهندس من الدار البيضاء، أضاء إسمه و جعل ألاف المتابعين له من المغرب و خارجه يعترفون بموهبته في الراب رغم قلة أغانيه التي لا تتعدّى السبعة ، ثلاثة منها موجودة في قناته
و بعد غياب قدر ب3سنوات عاد فاط ميزو هذه السنة بأغنية “بينزو”،  أغنية معبّاة بإنتقادات شملت الرابرز و الراب الحالي الذي ازداد صداه الجماهيري أكثر من أي وقت مضى، الأغنية جد ممَيزة أكسبت فاط إعجاب المزيد من المتابعين
مشيت نبول لقيت الراب مسنيني جنب الحيط
كنتعطل غير باش نخلع اختك سميني دم الحيض| NIRVANAQ
4- L'Morphine - L'Morphiniya 30
المورفين الرابر الذي تزداد شهرته عاما تلو الآخر كان من بين الرابرز النشطاء هذا العام مقارنة برابرز آخرين من نفس جيله
في أول ظهور له هته السنة من خلال أول مقتطف من ألبومه المصغر "ڭالا"، أتحفنا المورفين من خلاله بكتابته المعهودة مع تغير ملحوظ في طريقة الأداء. كما أن الأغنية لا تخلو من الرسائل المشفرة لغريمه الموتشو
صنبور محلول مرفون معقول
ودار شكيب عصفور فستوديو تايكليبي| OMEGA_R
3- Quatrehuit - Awddi...!
ابن عاصمة الشرق وجدة وفي إطلالته الأولى سنة 2017 بأغنيته "أودّي"، أبان عن قدرة عالية في وصف السوداوية التي يعيشها في مرحلة من حياته، عنوان الأغنية يختزل عدم الرضى الذي دفعه إلى حد محاولة الإنتحار التي أشار إليها في الأغنية :
صاحبي وعيت بكلشي وماحُرش بالغمزة
عليها طلعلي الجوك وماساليتهاش بيدي فسطح التوين فشهر خمسة| OMEGA_R
2- Raid - شيطان | Double Ma
في الظهور الوحيد له هته السنة والأخير له في مسيرته كرابر، ترك لنا الرائد واحدة من تحفه الفنية، الأغنية كانت ستكون مدرجة في ميكستايب "أريوباج 2"، لكن بقراره الإعتزال المفاجئ ألغيت جميع مشاريعه المنفردة
الرائد يجول بنا في هته الأغنية بأفكاره وآرائه حول عدة مواضيع تهمه شخصيا وتهم الناس من حوله، إسم الأغنية كما عودنا الرائد مزدوج ومركب من كلمة بالفرنسية وأخرى بالعربية، الأولى فيها إحالة إلى إسم الأم والثانية وصف لشخصيته المتمردة على النظام الحاكم
وخا جوني مار كتفرحني شوفة مّا، أنا شيطان رفض يسجد للنظام| OMEGA_R
1- Shayfeen feat. West, Xacto & Xcep - OMG
15- Ferid El Extranjero - Mandafek Yal Mojrab -  مندافك يالمجراب
عاد الأجنبي من جديد و بعد غياب طويل ليواصل مسيرة دامت أكثر من 12 سنة (منذ 2005)، ومن خلال كليب بعنوان "مندافك يا مجراب" سجل حضوره في قائمتنا. قيمة العمل وكمعظم أعمال فريد تركزت في الكلمات، فيؤكد ما قاله قبل و أثناء و بعد الثورة التونسية أنه كان ولازال و سيظل يحارب بقلمه و فنه الظلم بعيدا عن التصنع و الرياء أو حتى الكسب الفني. الكليب كان بجودة جيدة لكنه لا يرقى إلى مستوى و مكانة فريد في الراب -خصوصا خبرته الطويلة-، أما من الناحية التقنية فلم نشاهد مواكبة للتطورات الحاصلة في الجيل الجديد. ويبقى السؤال المطروح هو هل سيعود الأجنبي بجدية إلى ساحة الراب التونسي؟ و إن عاد فهل سيواكب أساليب و تقنيات المدرسة الحالية؟
14- El Général – Taban Lakom
تعاون على غير العادة بين الجنرال و ماريو، تظهر ميزته في استعمال العربية الفصحى على طول النص -ما عدا بعض الكلمات بالدارجة التونسية و التي لا تتجاوز أصابع اليد-، لتوجيه نقد واضح مباشر للسلطات التونسية
!دولتكم، دستوركم، قانونكم، إرهابكم...كلكم تبّا لكم | Soheib ESS
13- Lartisto - حاشاها لوطاء
أغنية منفردة للارتيستو، موضوعها نقد لاذع للنظام. قصف في مدة ثلاث دقائق وتلاعب على التراب بكلمات مباشرة تتخللها بعض الأسطر والتشبيهات الذكية "مشكلتك الكرسي ندعيلك تولي معاق". في الفترة التي قلت فيها مثل هذه الأعمال إلى أن قاربت الاندثار، وفي ظل توجه الأغلبية نحو النقد بكلام سطحي وجاف - فقط من أجل النقد و ملء قنوات اليوتوب بالشيت- إضافة إلى استعمال الأوتوتين بجرعات ضخمة -و دون قوانين- تصيب الآذان بالسرطان، استطاع *لارتيستو* أن يعطينا جرعة من الراب التونسي الذي كان في الماضي القريب شوكة في حلق النظام. | Soheib ESS
12- Aveyro Ave - Bras De Fer عقولات
مثابرة أفييرو لا تخفى على أحد، فقد أصدر هذه السنة ألبومين كاملين هما الجزاء الثالث والرابع من "انفكشن 4 انكيورشن"، اندرجا كالعادة تحت راية التراب
ساحة التراب التونسية تشهد غليانا غير مسبوق مقارنة بالجارتين الجزائر وتونس، لكن ما يقدمه أفييرو كل مرة يدعو إلى الإعجاب ورفع القبة، فهو يوافق بين الإنتاجية والمضمون المتميز، ما يعجز عن القيام به الكثير من أتباع التراب. | Momo Genius
11- Vipa - Frigidair
نموذج ناجح من تجربة فايبا عن مزج الموسيقى الإلكترونية والروك في ألبومه "هذا كا لي بيك؟، أغنية فريجيدار رغم إيقاعها الصاخب غير أن فايبا عرف كيف يروّضها بفضل لمسته الساخرة والخفيفة في العديد من المرات. | Momo Genius
10- Zomra - نومرو Number
فرقة زمرة و التي اقتحمت ساحة الهيب هوب التونسي حديثا حاز أعضائها على نصيب كبير
من الإنتاجات هذه السنة و في مختلف عناصر هذه الثقافة. ف *الكاسترو* و *علاء* شكلا ثنائيا متناسقا استطاع توسيع القاعدة الجماهيرية للفرقة، بينما تداول باقي الأعضاء على السينغل أو التعاونات الخارجة عن المألوف. و في هذا العمل من ألبوم *أبوكاليبس* تناول زوفري بلاك تي تحت عنوان  نومرو، موضوع قوة الإعلام و السلطة على تسيير العقول، وإن كان موضوعا مستهلكا، إلا أن الزمرة صبغته بأسلوبها الخاص. فمن البنشلاينات إلى تنوع الفلو واختلاف الآداء، إضافة إلى الصور المركبة  التي تتماشى وتتناسب ممع الطرح. و من جهة .أخرى فإلى جانب  أدائه فقد تكلف زوفري كذلك  بالهندسة الصوتية
نصيب الزمرة من الساحة التونسية هذه السنة سيجعل كل اللأنظار تتجه إليها في القادم القريب أملا في حملها شعلة لإضاءة الراب التونسي و قيادته نحو التجديد و الإنفتاح. | Soheib ESS
9- Phénix - أسفل الهرم
بعد أن كان مقررا أن ينزل ألبومه في الأيام الأخيرة من هذه السنة إلا أنه في النهاية إكتفى بإصدار بعض الأعمال المنفردة فقط. الفينيكس  في *أسفل الهرم* عاد بأسلوبه القديم المعهود متناولا في المقطع الأول النظرة الإجتماعية والعقليات السائدة، لينتقل في المقطع الثاني للنقد الصريح المباشر لقمة الهرم "السياسة زبالة أخي". من ناحية الفلو فالفينيكس غني عن التعريف، أما الكليب الذي أضيف بعد النزول الرسمي للأغنية ركب بين عديد الصور التي  أعطت قيمة بصرية إضافية. و بعد أكثر من 17 سنة لازال الفينيكس في الساحة  | Soheib ESS
8- Psyco M – Ghost
بهذا العمل عاد الكوشمار بعد غياب طويل و بوجه جديد. بسيكومونتيس يرتدي قناع الغاز ويقتحم اللعبة ليفتح النار على كل الجبهات. تناول الموضوع ساحة الراب التونسي، فوجه بسيكو أم المدفع الأول ضد السلطات التي همشت هذا الفن وامتنعت عن تقديم الدعم إلا لمن ترى فيه فرصة للكسب. بينما كانت الفوهة الثانية موجهة للرابرز، و هم المتسبب الأول -حسبه- في انحطاط و رداءة الراب التونسي، بأغانيهم المتكررة بنفس التقنيات والمواضيع، أو بملاحقتهم للشهرة عن طريق مساومة مبادئهم في سبيل الحفلات و الأموال، أو بالجري وراء الكسب الإلكتروني عن طريق تصوير الانحطاط الأخلاقي والرقص المتكلف في الكليبات لرفع نسب المشاهدة. أما المدفع الثالث فكان من نصيب الجمهور الذي أصبح مستهلكا لكل ما يبثه الإعلام.   و قد أعطى الكليب بفكرته و جودته نقاطا إضافية إلى أول عمل من ألبوم صوليد. | Soheib ESS
7- Redstar Radi - Back To The Roots
الرادي الذي أمتع و أبدع، استحق التربع على عرش الراب التونسي لسنة 2017 بعد أن عاد بألبوم فريد من نوعه أعادنا إلى الجذور الأصلية إلى الراب (شكلا و مضمونا). هذا العمل و الذي حمل الألبوم اسمه كان مسك ختام، فهو قطعة راب كلاسيكية ممتعة بأتم معنى الكلمة. قام الرادي باستعراض عضلات لسانه على موسيقى تأخذنا للسنوات الذهبية للهيب هوب مع مسحة من الأصالة و الموسيقى العربية، أما الفلو فكان انسيابيا بإطراد مع الميتافورز و البنشلاينات. *عودة إلى الجذور* عمل جد ممتع، يعتبر إضافة لخزينة الرادي خاصة و الراب التونسي عامة.  | Soheib ESS
6- Ghost Man - Jib Tor7 Gnewi جيب تورح قناوي
ما كان مجرد فريستايل في البداية، أعاد تصويره لاحقا غوست مان، في خطوة منه لإعطاءه مزيدا من المشاهدات
جيب طرح قناوي هو مزج بين طابع القناوي الصحراوي والراب والراقا، استخدم فيه غوست مان على ما يبدو عينة من أغنية الفرقة المغربية فناير (لالة عايشة) المعروفة كونها أكثر فرقة دمجا للقناوي في الراب المغربي، غوست لم يكتفِ بإدخال القمبري والقرقابو فقط، إلا أنه حاول التوغل أكثر في المشروع واعتماد اللهجة الكافية، التي لا تخلو من كلمات خفيفة مسلية زاد وقعها أصالة على العمل. خطوة غوست جد محمودة وتذكرنا بمدى غنى التراث الصحراوي وإمكانية عصرنته بمزجه مع فنون أخرى قريبة منه. | Momo Genius (عن معازف)
5- Vipa - Incroyable
!شبيه فايبا صور الكليب فوق الكهربة؟ نسى باش يقلب منظرو؟ هذا منيك صح
قدم فابيا من خلال أغنية انكروايابل لمحة صغيرة عن ألبوم "هذاكا لي بيك؟"، الذي جاء مختلفا عن سابقيه، وظهر رابر الديبو في الكليب دون أدنى تصنع أو تكلف، في مظهر غير المكترث والكاسر للنمطية التصويرية، كما اعتدنا عليه منذ تونسي اللطف، ليبصم من جديد على ظهور مميز حدد الوجهة الفنية للألبوم الذي نزل بعد أشهر قليلة. | Kamikaz
4- Redstar Radi - Kalimat
لم يكن الرادي سيتربع على العرش لولا انفتاحه على الأساليب و تنوع المواضيع لديه، ففي *كلمات* (وهو العمل الرابع من الألبوم) جسد الرادي التكامل كالعادة (موسيقى، فلو، كلمات..) إلا أن الشيء اللافت هو الأداء، إذ يمكن أن نلاحظه أحيانا كأنه ساخر مستهزئ و في أحيان أخرى جدي، و هذا تماشى مع المواضيع العديدة التي طرحها (طبائع و مظاهر البشر إلى السياسة ...)، ليؤكد مرة أخرى أن *عمرها الكراسي ما حكمت زناقي*
| Soheib ESS
3- Vipa - Trouchkik
كل مشروع جديد لفايبا هو تجربة مختلفة عن سابقتها يحاول من خلالها توسيع دائرة بحثه الموسيقي وعدم التقيد أو السير في نهج واحد
ألبوم "هذاكا الي بيك؟" كان واحدا من أكثر الألبومات انتظارا هذه السنة، إلى جانب عودة إلى الأصول للرادي، ورغم أنه ضم عشرة أغانٍ فقط إلا أن فايبا عرف كيف يختزل كل تراك في زمن معدله دقيقتين ونصف دون الإنقاص من الجودة أو المضمون، كما فعل في انكروايابل مثلا المصحوب بفيديو مجنون، أو في التراك السابع تروشكيك، أحد أفضل التراكات، امتداد منطقي لتجربة لايف سابقة وتمهيد لمشروع جديد اركز هيب هوب يجمع بين الراب وموسيقى المزود التقليدية. خطوة محمودة من جماعة الديبو التي تسعى دوما إلى التميز والتجديد. | Momo Genius (عن معازف)
2- Redstar Radi - I Can't Breath
عمل آخر للرادي في القائمة. *لا أستطيع التنفس* -سابع عمل من الألبوم- بكل بساطة هو عمل متكامل من جميع النواحي، يتناول الموضوع السياسي و الاجتماعي بطريقة عقلانية واعية، جسد فيه الرادي *هيب هوب يقلق*
| Soheib ESS
1- Redstar Radi - We Do for the Streets
كيف تتحدث عن موضوع الهجرة دون الوقوع في فخ الكليشيهات السائدة أو سرد قصة مهاجر تداول على تعقيبها مئة رابر قبلك؟ وفوق كل هذا أن تعالجه من منظور "ستريت" بحت؟ الرادي يملك الإجابة بالطريقة والأداء المناسبين، من خلال آخر عمل له سنة 2017 بعد الفراغ من ألبوم "عودة إلى الأصول". في "وي دو ايت فور دا ستريتس" التقى الرادي مع ديلاو، المغني الذي كان له دور مهم في  إعطاء العمل ذو الإيقاع الصاخب بعدا آخر من خلال لازمة ملفتة جدا انتقل فيها بسلاسة بين اللغتين الإنجليزية والدارجة دون أن نشعر بذلك. الرادي اختتم السنة بأحد أفضل أعماله التي تستحق التواجد في قائمة أي مستمع عن جدارة..
ربي يعين يصبّر كل إنسان، الغربة صعيبة| Breakerofchain
15- Sofiane Hamma -  L'baroune
عاد سفيان حامة إذًا، وتأجل صدور ألبومه الثاني إلى 2018. ومن خلال ما صدر لحد الأن من عينات، يبدو لنا أن وليد الحامة كان مبتعدا جدا طيلة فترة غيابه (2010-2016) وغير ملم بأحداث وتطورات ساحة الراب الجزائري، أو ربما هو مجرد انطباع نوسطاجي فقط كون سفيان لا يزال وفيا لطابعه التقليدي. وفي انتظار أن نرى ما تخبئه بافي مقاطع الألبوم المزدوج، حملت أغنية "البارون" رفقة لورد بواز نية سفيان في مواكبة الجيل الحالي من خلال الفلو المتقطع المعتمد مع إضفاء لمسته الشخصية في جسر النهاية. | Momo Genius
14- Red l'Alerte - Kberna Bla Waqt
ماذا حل بالراب الوهراني هذه السنة؟ هل لغياب محرك الطوكس دور في جمود اللعب؟ الراب الوهراني بدأ يمر بنفس فترة الفراغ  التي مر بها العنابي منذ سنوات سابقة، والمشكلة لها أسباب عديدة من ابتعاد الرواد إلى غياب الهياكل وموت السوق وغيرها. حسرة كبيرة عندما نسمع مستوى كبرنا بلا وقت وما كان سيكون عليه الرخ ودي.برود لو توفرت الظروف المكانية والزمنية المواتية لمواصلة نشاطهما، للأسف...
شعبنا فاطن وفاطن على باطل / الحمكم عاطل، المواطن زاطل غي بحب الوطن  | Momo Genius
13- TFK BT - Ayn9oleKoulech اينقولكولش
لا يزال توفيق يقدم مستويات إيجابية لكنها ثابتة في نفس الوقت، التطور الكتابي أو الموسيقي غير ملموس رغم ظهوره المتواصل في العديد من الأعمال المنوعة منذ بداية السنة، غير أن لقائد البليديان توقز كاريزما وشخصية فريدتان تساعدانه على تقديم أفضل ما لديه خصوصا عندما يكون في حالة "مهاوشة" أو قلبو معمّر
جميع جوجمون جابها ديرو فبالكم فيها شاركتوه... تفووه| Momo Genius
12- Black Hard & Klayton - ماعندي مانخاف
في الوقت الذي تكتسي فيه حناجر معظم الأمسيز الذكور بطبقات وافرة من الأوتوتون، تزيد من رخاوة الخطاب وتفقده ضراوته خاصة إذا كان ملتزما، أطلت علينا بلاك هارد بصوتها النسوي الواثق وبنبرتها الحادة، في تعاون مع كلايطون، أعادنا إلى حقبة ذهبية من حقبات الراب المعادي لقوات النظام. عودة بلاك هارد ولو أنها بطيئة لحد الآن (أغنيتين فقط)، إلا أنها جاءت لتعزز من مكانة الراب البرايجي وتفرد مدرسته في إنجاب امسيز أوفياء لراب لازونكا، خاصة أن سيستيمان لا يزال يلعب دوره المؤثر في تقديم الدعم المعنوي كما فعل مع بلاك هارد، أو التقني كما رأيناه هذه السنة إلى جانب بيغي جي وبوص ال، غوربياز وريبو برينغ دا باين. | Momo Genius
11- Zed - Zawech Bla 3ech
عاد زادكا بعد اعتزال كاذب، مستغلا صداه الواسع في تقديم أعمال جديدة ومغايرة لسابقاتها، بعضها ناجح إلى حد ما كغالاكسي لولا هفواته اللغوية غير المفهومة التي حالت دون الارتقاء بالعمل إلى مستوى إمكانات وفكرة التصوير، أو 1962 لولا الإفراط من المؤثرات في غير محلها والنص المستهلك، بعضها الآخر كان خفييفا ومطلوب جماهيريا كما هو شأن التعاون الهارمونيكي مع بين غير المتوقع في هذا الطابع. الزاد يمر برحلة تجريبية مهمة لكنه لا يحقق التكامل المرجو إلا عندما ينفت الريشة عن طيوره، ويوازن بين عمق الكلمات وإلقاءه المرن كما فعل في زاوش بلا عش، أغنية جد مميزة تتجلّى فيها عملية البحث الكتابي بوضوح. الكثير من متابعي زاد 2014 و2015 يتمنون أن يقدم زكريا مزيدا من أعماله على هذه الشاكلة، في انتظار أن يجد ضالته في أسلوبٍ أكثر توفيقا يجمع بين الريشة والأداء
عايشين فبلاد موهبة فقتل المواهب ..| Momo Genius
10- Evok - Zawali
ما من شك أن فرقة إيفوك التبسية هي أكثر فرقة تنوعا في توجهاتها الفنية، خصوصا بعد تبنيها لأعضاء جدد، يحاول كل واحد منهما تقديم إضافته الخاصة، غيره أنه ولحد الآن لا يزال حضور العضوين المؤسسين جمال وإلياس ضروري من أجل الارتقاء بكل عمل إلى المستوى المعهود، كما كان الحال في "زوالي"، عمل جد مميّز رافقته صور فوتوغرافية حية كبديل عن الفيديو كليب. | Momo Genius
9- SYC - Animals
8- Icosium & Oucci - Roulma
يجسّد إيكوزيوم وأوتشي ثنائيا منسجما لا تقل أهميته عن إيكوزيوم وكلام، فمهدي وعضو قاع البير ظهرا في مناسبات عديدة وكل مرة نكتشف مدى توافقهما الكتابي والتفكيري خاصة وأن اوتشي يملك قاموسا لغويا غنيا بتعابير نابعة من أعماق الأوساط الشعبية العتيقة. أغنية "ملّخر" كانت أول تعاون حقيقي بينهما هذه السنة، ثم تلاها ظهورهما في "رولمة" أحد مقاطع ألبوم عيش بلادي، التعاون الثاني كان أكثر تكاملا بين الموسيقى ووقع الكلمات نظرا لاستخدام عزيز لعينة كمان حاكت أصوات أبواق الشرطة، ولهذه الأصوات رمزية تعكس حالة الطواريء والاستنفار التي يصرخ بها الثنائي في النص. | Momo Genius
7-Flenn - Rebta Vol.2
قدم فلان هذه السنة تتمة قصة "الربطة" (حكم مؤبد) وأكسبها بعدا خياليا هذه المرة، بعد أن اكتفى في السابق بعملية سرد الأحداث الواقعية التي آلت بالبطل إلى دخول السجن. الربطة الثانية كشفت عن تحكم جيد من فلان لمختلف آليات السرد القصصي، وأبرزت قدراته التصويرية، يتجلى ذلك بوضوح من خلال تجديد للعقدة والمخرج في كل مرة مما خلق مزيدا من التشويق، كما أن تغيير الإطار المكاني بسرعة تناسب مع تسارع الأحداث غير المنتظرة وكسر الإحساس بالملل لدى المستمع، هذا التغير المكاني لازمه تغيّر آخر لغوي عند تقمّص الشخصيات، تمثل في اعتماد الراوي للهجة مغايرة تارة على لسان البطل، وتارة أخرى على لسان المستضيف التونسي
للربطة بعد آخر لو شئنا قراءة القصة من منظور ترميزي، يمكن أن يكون المقصود منها العيش في الجزائر، والسلاك أو المخرج ما هو إلا الخروج منها كما يكون من الزنزانة، خصوصا إذا علمنا أن فلان قد حطّ الرحال بفرنسا مؤخرا، حاله حال البطل "الحراق" في قصته. كلاهما إذًا فك عقدة الخروج من سجنه، في انتظار تتمة مرتقبة وجزء ثالث أكيد. | Momo Genius
6- RamstaR - S7ab l'barood
رغم السنة الصعبة التي شهدها رامستار، والمضايقات القانونية التي طالته، غير أن ذلك لم يثبّط من عزيمته، وواصل بكل ثبات تقديم باقي عينات ألبوم علي بلحاج ذو العنوان المثير أصلًا. الأغنية الرابعة حملت تسمية صحاب البارود إشارةً إلى كلاسيك الشاب خالد الصادر سنة 1992، وعرفت مشاركة للإيطالي ديجي مايك، في وقتٍ كدنا ننسى فيه دور الديجي وأصوات احتكاكات الفينيل التي عوضتها الصيحات والآهات المعدّلة أوتوتونيًا
الأغنية لوحة فانتازية داكنة الألوان رسمها رمزي كعادته بريشة عنيفة شبيهة لتلك التي اشتهرت بها طوندام الفرنسية، تجلّت من خلالها الفروق بين صحاب البارود للأمس واليوم، فرسان حفاة دون جياد ينتظرون عودة زمن الهمة والكارابينا
| Momo Genius (عن معازف)
5- L'Mad & Artisan - Mad'Art
فن مجنون كما يشير إليه عنوان الأغنية، هو هذا التعاون الناري بين توأمين وجد كلٌّ منهما ضالته في الآخر، سواء من ناحية انسيابية الفلو أو تقنية الكتابة. إذا كان ارتيزان قد أثبت عن تميّزه منذ الفلو الحزوني، فإن الماد كسب فرصته بدوره في إثبات مكانته ونجح في ذلك بجدارة. ولي مازال عندو شك ندعوه إلى إعادة سماع السبعة مقاطع من الكريبتاكس الصادرة لحد الآن. | Momo Genius
4- TChista & Deymed - Eddor ena3ora
ماشي كل يوم نسمعو الباز، ومعاه أوستيل في الخبطة، وفوق هذا معاهم ضيف ثقيل كيما الداي ماد! أغنية ادور الناعورة جسدت عودة -ولو استثنائية- لثنائي فريكونص في ظهور جديد مع الميكرو يبريزي السكات بعد تعاونات للاه يطلق سراحنا وسقم روحك
موسيقى أوستيل الهادئة تعطينا الانطباع على أنها منبعثة من أرشيف حقبة "حالة الطواريء"، غير أنها ناسبت أداء الثنائي الذي ركز بكل ارتياح على ثقل الكلمات، سواء الباز الذي مهد لمقطعه برسالة ضمنية إلى إلياس فينومينال (من يذكر قضيته؟) قبل أن يخوض في ناعورة السيستام، أو الداي الذي قدم نصا متفائلا هذه المرة، بريشة أدبية محكمة (الاستعارة الرائعة بين الطريق والنظام)، بعد أن عهدناه أكثر قسوة عندما يتعلق الأمر بمد بساط السياسة،  في النهاية الأغنية تحمل آمالا بمستقبل أكثر إشراقا وزهوا، في انتظار أن تدور الناعورة حقيقة وليس مجازا لصالح رفاق الدونكيشوت. | Kamikaz
3- Klam - Rapsychologue Vol.7
سابع جزء من سلسلة رابسيكولوغ جاء ليشكل جسرا بين كلام حقبة اير الجيري وكلام اينغما، بين الراب الهاردكور الصارم والراب الكلاود التجريبي، بين طريقة التعبير الغاضبة والرخوة، بين الصوت الجهوري والأوتوتوني، بين ذاك وذاك قدّم كلام جزءً جديدا مختلفا عن سابقيه من السلسلة التي صارت تشكل علامة مسجلة لصاحب الريشة الحزينة، في نفس الوقت رابسيكولوج 7 كشف "الحايك" عن أول ألبوم لعضو بليدار، لحد الآن ألبوم شخصي بعيد عن عالم اينيغما الغامض، على لسانٍ تارة قاطع وأخرة زاهي، عبّر عن أحاسيس مكفنة وقابعة في أعماق غرفة ألياتشي المعزولة.
يسقسوك عالحايك قولهم غطات بيه الموسيقى تاعي الشيب| Momo Genius
2- ILLYES - S.Y.C
هل أوفى كلاش "إلياس-سايك" بوعده؟ ربما من جانب واحد هو جانب الباديء، لأن في ردّ الباتني نلتمس نوعا من الاستهزاء أو عدم الرغبة الحقيقية في المجابهة، أو بكل بساطة سايك ليس برابر الكلاشات، عكس ما أظهره إلياس في هجومه الأول والأخير
هذا الكلاش كان متنفسا لإلياس أفرغ شحناته المترسبة بعد سلسلة من مقاطع السطاج اللخر أقل ما يقال عنها أنها عادية، في انتظار أعمال لا تنزل عن مستوى ياس/نو فيلينغ، طوكسيك وغيرها. | Momo Genius
1- BADii, Omar Genoxy & Meztol Zniket Lehbal - Remember
أحيانا تُنسج بعض التعاونات من العدم، بين فنانين متباعدين وغير متوقعين تماما، ثم تُدفن للأسف تحت أكوام وفيرة من القش البالي، هذا هو حال أغنية ريممبر هذه السنة التي اشترك في أدائها ثلاثة فنانين من طبوع متباينة وبثلاث لغاتٍ مختلفة، نجح كلّ واحد منهم في تقديم إضافته الخاصة للعمل، بدءًا ببادي عضو تي.جي.دي باور صاحب اللازمات المتقنة بالإنجليزية، مرورا بعمر عضو جينوكسي الذي فضل الظهور كعادته بمقطع فرنسي مقبول، وصولا إلى مزطول من زنيقة لهبال الذي أضفى لمسة نوسطالجية مازجا بين الريقي والراب. كل هذا على موسيقى البلعباسي أيمن بيغ اف، ارتكزت على عينة ساكسو وبيانو تتناسبان مع الجو العام الحزين واختُتمت بعزف انفرادي للموندول شكل لوحده مقطعا رابعا ترجم وكمّل أحاسيس الرابرز موسيقيا
ريممبر–كما يشير عنوانها- هي واحدة من الأغاني التي تستحق أن يتذكرها ويذكرها الجمهور طويلا، بغض النظر عن شهرة أصحابها ومكانتهم المجهرية في الساحة. | Momo Genius9odam lmicrophone
Taytzad fiya testosteron
Khok termos rimat
Wakhed risque tal9 lguidone
Khod li bigboss 3ibar
B play tla3 sitar
Ghatji lbouh s3iba
Li bgha ydir khdaym boutfli9a
Wytoukni bel berkar
Haa l3jab
One man show
Dreb 3liya l projecteur
M3ak lprofesseur
Dayr flprojet ntour
L7ad sa3a ghir tankhtab fslok Montarbo
7ab wtban
3sel wsmen
7sbo jbal wn9os men zbal
L'morphino
Drob wktab
Rap 7ansh b sa7 ssem fino
W7seb wnsab mli n3i9 bik
7bas wghdab mséquencé lcarrière
Dayez blkar dayez
Tnfas wrkab
Rap 3a9liya machi logha
Wla raya fiha njoum alhbel
7alef talou7 7chouma felbir
3lach tanfrkal
Wila ban lik l9zdir tale3 ljean
Ana ngolik rah f Toronto tchra lferdi
Bna lik fchkel
Red balek tskan
Ra mam3akch lmzgaldi
Klami tatfou7 meno ri7t mesk lil
Rap felblad mechkalni
Tfkir l3bad kharkherni
Embalé tob w kartan
Siyasa wfen mehjoub a7rdan
Wila votet 3la ahmed sultan
3refni 7bast l'artane
Ma3ndnash m3a mousi9at l7ssasa sem7olna al2ikhouan
Koulshi dayez w rojola b7al botola 30 doura makaynch 3iyt...
L'morphine(Class is now in session)

I must have superpowers
I must have superpowers
I must have superpowers
I must have superpowers

Yeah, uh, look, mic check
Brain on fire
Like I'm standing on top of the train and holding the wire
The superhuman skills that I've acquired
Marvel the marvelous
Blow your marbles all on the marble floor where the target is
And play marbles with it
In a straightjacket, my mind is a powerhouse
A nuclear blast, all I taste is acid
I'm in the labyrinth like the minotaur with madness
Post away it 'fore someone'll come and test the savage
The inception is three levels before they reach the messages
Percepted it, boy, all that sleepin' is death to definite
Poisonous, noises just mixed with all the voices in the void with us
There's no avoiding, the hands 'stroy with this
I'm a pirate on waves robbing the sailors
Let a couple sail, like openwater nothing can save ya
I was blessed with the gift
Popping like two 45's in the mix
But not a turntablist, watch the clip

I must have superpowers
I must have superpowers
I must have superpowers
I must have superpowers

El
He go to Harvard like he tryna make his ex look
I ain't learn to earn these types of checks inside a textbook
Graduated from the school of hardknocks
Kings, fake jacks, queens, dealt with jokers in their cardbox
Was running around with my ace boon koon
Before we got facerchased, poon poon
You couldn't tell me that I wasn't gon' be that nigga
Cadillac buyin'
Battle who you rootin' for and send 'em back cryin'
If we ain't rap inside the stall, it was the hallways instead
But I was always ahead
Like the black Ryan forming Voltron against Planet Doom
Throw a couple bars at you and trap you inside a panic room
You heard I blew and felt like you were on a tiny island
Shook up off of ash from a volcanic boom
No one's on my level, all I see is my shoeprints
Pray that I don't catch you redhanded stealing the blueprint

I must have superpowers
I must have superpowers
I must have superpowers
I must have superpowers

The Puerto Rican superhero sniffin' Kryptonite
If you trip tonight you could possibly fuck yourself like a hermaphrodite
My brain is emanating with the powers of 
While the sky'll display the ancient Haitian
My pharaoh men who could bend any precious metal
 medicated, I brush your teeth with a twelve gauge
Physically riper  the actor that plays Luke Cage (what?)
Chino the conquerer, Incredible Hulk in real life
Nail you to the wall through your palms  Whitney Houston's crackpipe
Go to the funeral wearing all white
When you get to Heaven you and Jesus Christ can share a crucifixion's life (Christ)
But only death is considered if I swiftly spit it
Destined if only to shift the pivot at the crust of the Holy Scriptures
That emblem that is embroiled in my scalp, I am 
That wicked religion with three 6's are reputed to have existence
Twisted in the spirits, the earth cursed that's worse than appearance
 Salem's witch is the first person that I earth that's testing my verse's weariness
Any fear is missing like an orphan's parents
My abnormal endorphins are like mighty morphers on morphine
With a pen that is scorching, so mysterious
Schizophrenia, I show symptons
Am I the only one that's thinking that maybe Bill Cosby's older son was murdered by one of his rape victims? (Get 'em)
Every sentence that I've written is hot
 is living in every thought
You are not listening without a  shot
 discrimination made me a monster
I'm bound to elect myself to sit on a throne on a lightskinned  in Wakanda
(Are you serious?)
I got a mission like a 
There's 80,000 objects in any room that I could kill you with (facts)
The words that I dispense, there is no defense
Chino the rap genius, I should sue that website for copyright infringement (yeah)I think I'll drink myself into a coma
And I'll take every way out I can find
But morphine, codeine, whisky, they won't alter
The way I feel the way now death is not around

So death take your fiddle
And play a song for me
Play a song we used to sing
The one that brought you close to me
Play a song and I will sing along

I think I'd like to take myself to heaven
Because I ain't been there many times before
And Jesus Christ, I don't know about lightning
Because I've been struck a thousand times and more


Think I'll drink myself into a coma
And I'll take every pill that I can find
But morphine, codeine, whisky, they won't alter
The way I feel now death is not around
The way I feel now death is not around
The way I feel now death is not aroundHey yo triple X flow
Still facts though
Fans retro, hands F though
Shaking, mind is awaking
Don't judge her from the drugs that she taking
Abbreviation coco
Generation nostra
Ain't a rapper, you're poser
Me? I'm posted on a poster

Blood, did it told how's go
And if they find me, they'll leave me sore
Then, they need me? No
Mescaline, morphine, methazine, codein
I own like a motherfucker
I don't get along with them other fuckers
I don't sing a song like them other suckers
Bitch is a sucker down for whatever
Mother soft leather,  rapper
Could they see me? Never
I'm from the north side of Slickville
You adress me Rick Hil
I'm really gettin' shit still

These are roses
We are bleeding
You don't need to
We get even

I gotta get away

Listen lover, it's dangerous
Around here at level, this is angel dustWent to the the doctor
The doctor looked sad
Well, he looked in his book
And he told me what I had
And its all, kinds of trouble
Going to find you somehow

Arthritis is a thing to miss
It will leave you walking
With a double twist
And it's all kinds of trouble
Going to find you somehow

Can't stand up, can't lay down
You can't sit in a chair
You can't roll on the ground
And it's all kind of trouble
Going to find you somehow


Doctor, doctor, doctor
Get your X-ray machine
Well it feel so good
Just about like morphine
And it's all kind of trouble
Going to find you somehow


When you get to Heaven
Tell the judge for me
I've had sixteen years of the third degree
And it's all kind of trouble
Going to find you somehow


All kinds of trouble, good Lord
Going to find you somehowI'm askin'
Can we get away(x4)
(Yeah, how bout you put your number in the phone? Spell that for me. How you supp-- pronounce that for me? Se- what? Sedori?)

Well Sedori, I'll be swinging through there shortly to escort thee to my courtly, oh I surely kick more game than 40-40
Please don't bore me with the stories about that guy that came before me, he feel poorly
Shoulda put a ring on that Robert Horry
So not sorry
Let's go soaring
Climb aboard me
Beat that pussy, leave you snoring
Love is war and after me you gon need morphine
Give me brain till I feel dorky
I'm so country, hunky dory
I got game
Lucky you, now you got floor seats
Watch me ball, baby
Dig all in it, you'll be begging to wash my draws later
If I kiss it, now you gone crazy, we all crazy
You just hit my number like it's automated
And I got your nose wide open, just like pollination
And all I need is confirmation
And I'll be sending confirmation
Numbers
I'll be everything you need
I'm your mechanic and your plumber
Mr. Fix Mrs. don't leave nothing on except for lipstick
Make me love it, make me miss it
I rub that ass if she grant three wishes and I'm like

I'm askin'
Can we get away
I'm askin'
Can you get away
I'm askin'
Can we get away
I'm askin'
Can you get away

Fuck yo nigga, how bout we don't mention him or my old lady
Pressed for time?
Well I got room in my Mercedes let's go shake it, rattle role
Give it your all, girl, don't be lazy, can you take it?
I'm so manish
I know it's a quickie, but I still want you fully naked
We keep on, you gon be late picking up your daughter
An now we so caught in the moment and homeboy just won't stop callin
You keep moanin
People walkin' out the market find it shockin' there's a car out here just rockin'
Windows foggy, but they still watchin
Then you hop out with yo hair all sweated out tryna fix yo panties
I'm just starin at that ass ready to hit it again
We gon start a family, I'm just ramblin'
Am I kidding?
Let's find out
Body so bad put that ass in time out
Fuck yo man
Let's hide out
How bout now?
Or how bout now?
I'm just tryna make this moment last forever
Ain't I strong
Got me sneakin' in my low low
Icognito, James Bond
Fuckin with the curtains open
Show that ass, moon, and sun
And you'll wake up 5 hours late like oh my god what have I done, don't look at me

I'm askin'
Can we get away
I'm askin'
Can you get away
I'm askin'
Can we get away
I'm askin'
Can you get awayMilk and honey
I know what you need
Milk and honey
Running down your sleeve

Dripping with the envy, sun-kissed
A little bit of morphine, from your lips
I know that you like me, like this
Ah, ah, ah, ah

Darker than a deep blue, skyline
If you could have your choice back, choose mine
Everybody wants you, I don't mind
Ah, ah, ah, ah

When you’re walking down the street
You give me chills like I've never seen
Light me up and touch the sun
I wanna be your number one

Milk and honey
I know what you need
Milk and honey
Running down your sleeve

Elevator, staircase, alone
Slip into your jacket, I'm cold
Summertime is bleeding, oh come home
Ah, ah, ah, ah

Show me how you do it, again
Take me to your doorstep, AM
I never thought I'd see you again
Ah, ah, ah, ah

When you’re walking down the street
You give me chills like I've never seen
Light me up and touch the sun
I wanna be your number one

Milk and honey
I know what you need
Milk and honey
Running down your sleeve

Standing close so you can see
Staring at my rosy cheeks
Arizona, MIA
I'm born to run away

Milk and honey
I know what you need
Milk and honey
Running down your sleeve

Standing close so you can see
Staring at my rosy cheeks
Arizona, MIA
I'm born to run away

Milk and honey
I know what you need
Milk and honey
Running down your sleeve
Milk and honey
I know what you needCan we do it again?
Take that, take that

You alright star
No star
You alright star
No star
You alright star
No star
I don 't feel proper

I went to the Dr. to get a prescription
I told him little fact but lots of fiction
About a bad back that I ain't got
He tried to sell me faith healing, I think not
I want Xanax, Vicodin and Oxycontin
Funky fill the form out so I can drop 'em
Got all these demons and I can't stop 'em
To tell you the truth, Doc, I might have a problem
Robert Williams, take one Adderall
With water in the morning
As if I'm goin' to take one tablet
I'm Keith Moon, dickhead

He said this one's to take you up
He said this one's to take you down
When I take 'em I don't feel sound
And I look rather round

You alright star
No star
You alright star
No star
You alright star
Five star
I don 't feel proper

You know what, Doc, it's alright and all
I just heart me leg, it's not terminal
But a pain killer could help for what's wrong with me knee
And I'm a little bit down from too much tea
Got my own collection, can't get an erection
If I take 'em too long they'll fuck me complexion
That's right, If I take 'em for like more than a few days in a row I get that haunted look
Give me loads of pills
Give me loads of pills
Give me loads of pills
Give me loads of pills

He said this one's to take you up
He said this one's to take you down
When I take 'em I don't feel sound
And I look rather round

You alright star
No star
You alright star
No star
You alright star
Five star
I don't feel proper

Now if you go to the barber shop long enough then you're gonna get a hair cut
If go to the doctors regular, then you gots to be a fuck up
Now, I've got 5 or 6 if I'm at a loss
Do I have a history of drug abuse, no, I never tick that box
And I know one or two of you are gonna be really really cross
But the drugs don't work, prescription pills are boss
Glory days are gone and we've all stopped havin' it
No raves no more, just bedside cabinet
Sleepers are great but don't start dabbing it
The world carries on spinning, we're mad, innit?
Take that, take that, innit?

He said this one's to take you up
He said this one's to take you down
When I take 'em I don't feel sound
And I look rather round

You alright star
No star
You alright star
No star
You alright star
Five star
I don't feel proper

You alright star
No star
Are you five star
No star
Are you alright star
Five star
I don't feel proper

Know what, doc
It's not like I've been doin' any research or anything
But if you can give me any of the following pills
I'd be very, very greatful cause I feel poorly
So that's Codeine, Morphine, Opium, Methadone
Menocrabedene, Hydroanoxycodeine
Anodyne, Buprenorphine, Butorphanol
Adderall, Doral
Work with me, antidepressants
But not Saint John's Wort
Cause I can get that at BootsYou only get a single chance
The rules are very plain
The truth is well concealed inside
The details of the game
You can see it coming
You can hear it from afar
It's pale and it flickers
Like a faded movie star
And up there in the castle
They're trying to make us scream
By sticking thumb tacks in her flesh
And cancelling the dream
Can you find the valium?
Can you bring it soon?
Lost Johnny's out there
Baying at the Moon
The time has come for you to choose
You'd better get it right
Berlin girls with sharp white teeth
Are waiting in the night
But you oughta really get some
It surely can't be hard
There's always trouble waiting
When you leave your own back yard
And underneath the city
The alligators sing
About how the puppets cannot dance
Since someone cut the strings
Run and get the morphine
For God's sake make it brief
Lost Johnny's out there
Looking for relief
Now Simon looks so evil
And you know he really tries
But every time he makes a play
That vital number dies
And Sally buys her underwear
From a store where no-one goes
She makes it big in photographs
On the strength of what she shows
And here inside the waiting room
The radio still screams
And we're all taking Tuenol
To murder our young dreams
Run and fetch your credit card
Try to make it quick
Lost Johnny's out there
Trying to turn a trickShe was a morphine fling with four finger rings
She had fourteen drinks and fourteen dreams in one night
She was a Thompson sub-machine, the mob scene queen
The most obscene thing that you've ever seen in your life

She was amazing, blazing, Beijing laser beam, Alright!
She was amazing, blazing, Beijing laser beam, Alright!

She crucified posh on a Kalashnikov cross
She beautified loss and gave you all types of insight
She had emerald eyes, told Orson Welles lies, she shed Shakespeare tears
Fought the battle of Algiers on both sides
A high-heeled thriller, the ideal killer, she keep her finger on a trigger
Sends six-foot shivers down your spine
She had celestial fire from a Zippo lighter, just a mad dynamiter
She'll send you out of your mind
(Your mind.)


She's all gritty, Kowloon Walled City
And she's waltzing with the devil on your grave in the pale moonlight
Now ain't that a sight?
She's just a star-crossed lover from a magazine cover
She's a rolling stone mother, when the powers of darkness unite...
Then she'll take flight! That's Right!I'm free this time, and I surrounded mankind
There's nothing here now but you
While gravity never used to bother me
I'm floating senseless in the presence of you
And I see euphoria in what we do
This world is closing in, and while I don't feel a thing
We've lost the air of innocence we shared
Once at peace, once so calm
Whatever woke me up now it's calling me home
This world is closing in, and while I don't feel a thing
We've lost the air of innocence we shared
Once at peace, once so calm
Whatever woke me up now it's calling me home
Morphine slumber, in haze of wonders
Enter womb-shaped rooms where we can be safe
Vision blurred by an opiate sky
Sedated while your world starts to quake
I forgot how affection used to taste
This world is closing in, and while I don't feel a thing
We've lost the air of innocence we shared
Once at peace, once so calm
Whatever woke me up now it's calling me home
This world is closing in, and while I don't feel a thing
We've lost the air of innocence we shared
Once at peace, once so calm
Whatever woke me up now it's calling me homeBach tersam dar machi ghatched mistara o tsater
Ghatla9 idik o tkhali l fen i3aber
Yak artiste machi architect
Sare7 3wej ki 3ro9 chjer L'Morphine jame3 lm9awden f b7al chi secte
Dabe7 farouj ki 3awek f fjer 7it saher lile b7ala kola sba7 3andi test
Matan3refch la crise f kola jib 3andi texte
3ati ri7a Baptiste Grenouille o 3aye9 biha
Bghito rap 7aja mli7a ana Excelsior li taye9 fiha
Mathanito, 7ta teblito
Li bgha mo3alemo ikteb les mots
Bra m jer7ino lbambino, 7na li bdina rap 7na li 3arfin tendimo
Machi b klam tarbiya ghat2ater fiya
Telmid kharej m7ames wana nedrab rouge m3a l Oustad D'l3arbiya
Cha3b klinex, dmou3 o l7sabate l7sed préfixe
Darba bel golf jouj thémate, kola maghribi m3aneg jouj grimat
Sma3 sawte li gal, machi lbazboz li bal
9ma3 lmachmout li ban b'39al 9az9ouz o l3ibate
W chi gentille gesteArizona Iced Tea, Vans, Boat shoes
Girls hit me up that I used to not approach, cool
I see you baby, keep rockin' in your blue jeans
(Enjoy the addiction and I'mma find some Morphine)
Making good by all means, but still keep the quantity
Gotta stay hungry, I recall when no one wanted me
Memories have haunted me and driven me to higher heights
Walked my own path now a Nigga catchin' flyer flights
I just wanna chill tonight, but I couldn't help but write
Always get the feeling that when I'm chillin' I can never fight
And why fight the passion
Why deny greatness with these Afterburners blastin'
Forever is it lasting
And yeah I get nervous, but can never let it show
I just keep it cool because nobody needs to know
I got another show in an unfamiliar city
But I'm not alone I just keep your spirit with me
Dressin' hella spiffy just in case we meet some girlies
Let 'em spend the night, but we kick 'em out early
I'm going back to Burly
VT holla if you see me
Jetpack movement
One Love, easy

Girl just please me
I don't wanna work for it
I gotta lot of work to do and falling ain't this purpose
Recognize you're working this, Empire building up
Colosseums full of people, that's what I be fillin' up
Come to see me tear it down, patience slowly wearing down
Never outworked and my talent more apparent now
I don't need a parent now, grown ass Nigga
Gravity and absentee, grown ass Nigga
Not a clone ass Nigga, I keep it on the up and up
Making moves steady and the dollars slowly shuttin' up
Remember when I gave a fuck, yeah that was awhile ago
They drove me into  to tell me why you smilin' ho
Sorry if I'm wildin' though, my bars are purely diamonds
Land of opportunities and I see when I'm on it
When I see what I wanted my desire is incredible
I see this as mealtime and everything is edibleTam tam reklam
Jibo marda o bolissi (yeah)
Hana jit n9ari lklam
7dit o maghzal politique

Chômeur o essenci kérosène
Walate ki liscensé ki Ozil
7afi 3inik f l9raya o lktaba
O lmlayar ghaydarbhom la3aba Shaquille O'Neal
3amra f khawya nata3 jombaze
Kalakh gaz mossil li domo3
Biri3ayat monadamat tzarafti makinch rjo3
Yakma t3e9al gbal matzad fin konti
7aliti 3inik f systéme mercantile
Bi3 o chri l7am l baleine f la pêcherie
Massoniya o l7achachine bones and skull
N3ass fi9 boul and tskote
9rib takhod l'oxygène crédit f l picerie
7da sabon ta7 7assni Mbarak f akbar film missry
O Obama m9assar Baseball f pentagone
Yjam3o f mal 9aroun o l3rab ghi couscous loubia ma9aroun
Hadi galha fellag (yeah)
Bach t3rafni matantfalach (l'morphine)
L'morphiniya 5 o khmis jaya f l'axe
Taba3ni
Maghanbadalch l9amous man 3afia l Lesieur
Rap chad la dose sma3ti a monsieur
Blan silbi l'morpho rond point machi carésta fin tblasi l billes
Zombie frassi l film chad m3akom ston b lasilki
Ontaya dumbie sif sayaf khasso srayaf
Ana jayek a d3ayaf blati nkmi
Nmal daban o namousse les envahisseurs
Bghal l7mar o lgamousse li soug baghi surf
Lli ichouf baghi itour
Zmal l'maghrib belbyan, w ta7t lizor va et vient
T3awan m3a soyala koun l dmaghak DRH
Mickey ma7fadch L'Morphine 7it fih PH
Bach mikonch rap dyalak massousse dir fih l hash
Vrai ma3labalnach
Atsawalni 3la si mar7babik anjawbak b si blach (yeah)
Tam tam reklam akhir morphiniya ghandoz l total n9ari tlamad
M-psy classic chriki
La sawlak li 7dak lach katsma3 golih ghi chwiya dyal classici
F lmaghrib fabriqui
Wakha l'morphine ghi w9ida ghi tich3al titfa dinmo l briki (même)
(wakha l'morphine ghi w9ida ghi tich3al titfa dinmo l briki ) (yeah)Rotors spin as she's running for the bell
She was a fearless pilot with a heart of gold
I never really knew her all that well
She had one more flight and she was heading home

Sprinting hard 'cause there were lives to save
He was a young Marine with an iron cross tattoo
A little cocky, righteous, strong, and brave
The co-pilot, Morphine 1-2

And my head knows, but my heart can't see
And it's not like it should have been me
But I wish that I'd been there on that day
Even now, I'd take their place

Seven souls took off on that flight
It was a desert blood drop in the light of day
A few more seconds could have saved their lives
But the story wasn't gonna end that way

And my head knows, but my heart can't see
And it's not like it should have been me
But I wish that I had been there on that day
Even now, I'd take their place


Southern star shine down on me now
Lights that burn in everything I do
'Til we meet again someday somehow
Semper fi, Morphine 1-2

And my head knows, but my heart can't see
And it's not like it should have been me
But I wish I'd been there on that day
Even now, I'd take their placeIf every child chased dreams of societal reorganization
In place of sweet wrappers and escape
Then we would see Mr. Cadbury's
Enlightened industrialism for what it really fucking is
Social morphine, we'd have ourselves a preschool army
Walt Disney is pushing social and sexual hierarchy
My bedtime stories like a GMTV Gomulka
Slumbering in my jimmy-jammies
My wondrous imagination long since closed and put away
Willy Wonka was a capitalist confidence trickster
A poster boy for neoliberalism
A full-stop on revolt
And the BFG a propagandist for an unaccountable regime
Orwell's vision with a wrinkled face
Hold out the arm and quiet the voice
My first McDonald's visit a vaccination
Like the time my parents took me to the school/clinic and handed me over to the teacher/nurse
Whatever
I too got sucked in by the myth machine
Unattainable, but I just wish we weren't so fucking mindless
Drowned in a recurring nightmare of causal influence
A little more suspicion in our fairy tales please
Mum and dad, I'm sorry, I won't do what Enid Blyton told me
Our jealousy at their opportunity
The once weak will one day rule this world
The monsters underneath the bed are merely jaded failings: ألبومات / Albums
2Face - The Master
2Gunz - Aich L'Hip Hop
Al Nasser - Dima Underground
Amir L9wafi - Majji
Da Son - The Beginning
Don Bigg - Byad Ou K7al
H-Kayne - H-Kaynology
Hel Lmkane - Sawt Cha3b
HMK Flow - Blass Bla Flouss
L3arbé - 2 39oul
Lord Aminos - Le Maghrébin
Lsan L7a9 - Fuck Enemiz
Mobystow (Mobydick & Plaistow) - Ta Riel
Rofix - L'3foo Meni
Salah Edin - Horr
Sharfa - Kif Ma Derna 7erna
: ميكستايبات / Mixtapes
2Nami - Sadma
Al Kayssar - The Best Of Al Kayssar
Anouar Essif - Men Bin Zna9i
Bad Flow - L9et O Sba3
Bizz2risk - Révolution
Chaht Man - Chrou3a D'Rap Vol.7
Chrif aka Akhen - L'Wa9t Edaye3
Chrif aka Akhen - L'Wa9t Edaye3 Vol 2
Diyaf Lah - Hadchi Li Kayn
Hablo - Made In Zen9a
Klass-A - Mythology
L7a9d - 3ayech Dyal Lah
L'Morphine- Maxi Na9ous
Magma - Live Men Zanka
Mc Jo - Entre 2 actes
Miradisc - Kolna Mgharba
Moujahid - Round Lowl
Sa3er Man - Mrid B Rap
Rabat Voice (ex Syouf Zan9a) - Men 9alb Rabat City
Rofix - Kolchi K3aa..??
Rofix - Clach Mour Clach
Rofix - Rotoure De Gangster
Rofix - Menk M Nass
Welad El Zman - Micro Welad El Zman
X-Flow - Face Lakhour
: أعمال أخرى
يناير
✓ 01/01 : Mc 1mine - Raje3 Bach Yban (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 03/01 : Derb Lile feat Hard Pen - Hard Lile
- 03/01 : Casa Crew - Ghaza Taht Nar
- 05/01 : Adilos Feat. the solide - Kandiro rap
- 14/01 : MC simo - Ghazza
- 16/01 : Ds Crew - Dead's Whispres
- 27/01 : Derb Lile - Protocole Sahyon
فبراير
- 12/02 : Fnaire feat. Brada - Alwa7da
- 14/02 : RabatCity Rap - Rap Wahed Kayan
- 21/02 : Soukaina Feat DR-R'ime - Haz Rassak L'fou9
- 24/02 : Bad Flow - Nbghik Tan Rawda
- 27/02 : TAR - Lach Lil Twile
مارس
✓ 17/03 : Mehdi K-Libre feat. Masta Flow -Men Lyoum (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 19/03 : 2Nami - Nebda B-SSalam
- 28/03 : 2Nami - Bela Manzbel
- 29/03 : L3arbé feat. Mojahid & Assad Edin - Bergaga
أبريل
✓ 04/04 : Don Bigg - Itoub (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 13/04 : 2Nami - interlude
- 16/04 : 2Nami feat Sa3ra Orient & Mc Leader - Berkan Tanger Connexion
- 18/04 : DR-Clique - Ttéb L Flow
- 27/04 : H-Kayne - Al 3arboune
- 28/04 : 2Nami - Rodo Balkom
- 30/04 : R-King feat. Mc-M - Mim9af Respect
ماي
✓ 06/05 : Don Bigg - Freestyle (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 11/05 : Derb Lile - Beni Makada City
- 29/05 : Loco feat Bad Flow, Lghadanfar & Rofix - Da7aya Dr Clique
يونيو
✓ 01/06 : Muslim - 7naya (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 11/06 : Loco Aka Lghadab - 9anoon 3aam
- 13/06 : Loco feat Madi - Wakil La2i7a
يوليوز
- 01/07 : Loco Aka Lghadab - I Fuck You BeyBey
- 12/07 : DR-Clique (Madi x 2Nami) - The Gangster Of Fire
✓ 18/07 : Don Bigg - Hamdin Lah (Paroles / الكلمات)
غشت
✓ 06/08 : Pappy Mouchkil feat. Don Bigg - Mat3anedch (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 08/08 : R-King - Illa Llah Ye9der Yehkemni
- 30/08 : Under-Man Feat Soulja's Crew - Tab3a 3askar
شتنبر
- 02/09 : Loco Aka Lghadab feat Darba - Chedaak Tebghi
- 03/09 : Likoum - KH'LIIK
- 06/09 : 2Nami - Bitali Ana
- 15/09 : Don Bigg - Had Disc
- 20/09 : Al Kayssar feat. Assad Eddin & Koman - Dem3a
✓ 22/09 : Al Faress feat. Don Bigg - Swagg (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 30/09 : Derb-Lile Clique (Darking x Loco x 2Nami) - Nawdo Roubla
أكتوبر
- 08/10 : Rofix - F'Had Blad
- 09/10 : 2Nami - D9i9a Wnoss
- 12/10 : Loco Aka Lghadab - Ana Kaaa3ii
✓ 16/10 : Bad Flow - Jouj 9bour (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 23/10 : 2Nami - Lowel
- 31/10 : Tanger Clan Family (Rking x Loco x 2Nami) - AKA Medrassa
نونبر
- 07/11 : Rofix - Malik Maji
- 09/11 : Loco feat Thug Pen - Makontishi Tebghih
✓ 13/11 : Ch3la Rap - Hmoum Nasse (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 17/11 : 2Nami aka Ssamid - Ba9i Ssamid
- 23/11 : Cho-B - Flip Freestyle
- 23/10 : Rofix feat Bad Flow, 2Nami & Loco - Bach Mabghiti
✓ 24/11 : Chaht Man feat. Muslim - Fine 7a9na (Paroles / الكلمات)
- 24/11 : 2Nami (aka Ali Ssamid) - Out Game
- 28/11 : 2Nami (aka Ali Ssamid) - Nhar L3ide
دجنبر
- 04/12 : 2Nami (aka Ali Ssamid) - Fenn Drawche
- 12/12 : Loco Aka Lghadab - I'm Rapper
- 21/12 : 2Nami (aka Ali Ssamid) - 7tarem Syadk
- 27/12 : Loco Aka Lghadab - Ana Man Akoun
- 29/12 : Rabat Voice feat L-7asslin - New Freestyle
- 30/12 : Rofix - Nhar Gnaza
✓  (())Armalite, street lights, nightsights
Searching the roofs for a sniper, a viper, a fighter
Death in the shadows he'll maim you, he'll wound you, he'll kill you
For a long forgotten cause, on not so foreign shores
Boys baptised in wars
Boys baptised in wars (Is this war?)
Morphine, chill scream, bad dream
Serving as numbers on dogtags, flakrags, sandbags
Your girl has married your best friend, loves end, poison pen
Your flesh will always creep, tossing turning sleep
The wounds that burn so deep, burn so deep
Your mother sits on the edge of the world
When the cameras start to roll
Panoramic viewpoint resurrects the killing fold
Your father drains another beer, he's one of the few that cares
Crawling behind a Saracen's hull from the safety of his living room chair
Forgotten sons, forgotten sons, forgotten sons
And so as I patrol in the valley of the shadow of the tricolour
I must fear evil, for I am but mortal and mortals can only die
Asking questions, pleading answers from the nameless faceless watchers
That stalk the carpeted corridors of Whitehall
Who orders desecration, mutilation, verbal masturbation
In in the guarded bureaucratic wombs
Minister, minister care for your children, order them not into damnation
To eliminate those who would trespass against you
For whose is the kingdom, the power, the glory forever and ever, Amen
"Halt! Who goes there?"
"Death"
"Approach, friend"
You're just another coffin on its way down the emerald aisle
When your children's stony glances mourn your death in a terrorist's smile
The bomber's arm placing fiery gifts on the supermarket shelves
Alleys sing with shrapnel detonate a temporary hell
Forgotten sons
From the dole queue to the regiment a profession in a flash
But remember Monday signings when from door to door you dash
On the news a nation mourns you unknown soldier, count the cost
For a second you'll be famous but labelled posthumous
Forgotten sons, forgotten sons
Peace on earth and mercy mild, Mother Brown has lost her child
Just another forgotten sonTwenty-two hours, pacing the room
Praying for you, hot cup of coffee
They said you're sleeping, no news is good
Nothing to do, cold cup of coffee

Never been scared about the future
Don't think I'll make it if I lose you

So I hope you're feeling better now, better now
Better now, better now
Yeah, I hope you're feeling better now, better now
And they've lifted the dark clouds
'Cause you've been through it all
And I'll wait for the call just to know
If you're better now

Forty-two hours, the endless bleep
Vending machine, hot cup of coffee
I brought you flowers, wish you could see
Yellows and greens, cold cup of coffee

Never been scared about the future
Don't think I'll make it if I lose you

So I hope you're feeling better now, better now
Better now, better now
Yeah, I hope you're feeling better now, better now
And they've lifted the dark clouds
'Cause you've been through it all
And I'll wait for the call just to know

I can't help dreaming of the day
When you're not laying in a room of strangers
Morphine dancing in your veins
It will be okay
Yeah, you'll be okay

So I hope you're feeling better now, better now
Better now, better now
Yeah, I hope you're feeling better now, better now
And they've lifted the dark clouds
'Cause you've been through it all
And I'll wait for the call just to know
If you're better nowWhat's the city look like from your new bedroom window?
Do you think you see your ex-lover driving by real slow?
Does it make you feel uneasy? Does it tickle your ego?
Would you look at me and say it's really not that simple?
(Yeah, I know)

I turned on the TV and saw my own face
From a hospital bed, did you see me, babe?
Morphine dripping, a demon to chase
But I still woke up with a spirit to break

I swallowed dad's pills, took a knife to my arm, girl
I just started digging 'til your eyes took me under
Woke up in an ambulance two towns over
Blowing kisses at Jesus, I came back for you girl

You turned off the TV and saw your own face
From your lonely bed, did you feel me there?
Morphine dripping, a demon to chase
Did you still wake up with a spirit to break?

I'm coming up from so far under, baby
I'm coming up, I'm on my way
Show me that you still have a spirit to break

When we were 16, you told me "never change"
Well, here I am, baby, but I'm not the same
I'm coming up from so far under, baby

Yeah, I turned on the TV and saw my own face
From a hospital bed, did you see me, babe?
Morphine dripping, a demon to chase
But I still woke up with a spirit to break

I'm coming up from so far under, baby
I'm coming up, I'm on my way
Show me that you still have a spirit to break
Show me that you still have a spirit to break
Show me that you still have a spirit to breakCollapsing global void economy
Erecting chaos to the heart of me
Race and faith aligned in vertigos
There are no atheists in these rabbit holes
Televise the rebellion
So we can feed 'em to the dogs
Phosphorous and secret holy wars
Hieroglyphic radio and sacred doors
Eradicate the shadow of a doubt cuz
The morphine drip is gonna see you out
We are devoid of religion
We are the science of it all
We are the sin of the song
We are the end of it all
As we give in...
To the forces that pull you along
The science of never really living at all
The right or wrong
The sin in the song
The perfect ending to your war
Warning shadows lead me along
For right or wrong we all carry on
The past is dead don't exist anymore
The present is passing quicker than before
Emancipation to the end of the line
I will not follow where I've been before
The only weapon we got is our song
The only way we could stand up at all
We scream together, we die alone
In the end your story is all you own
We are devoid of religion
We are the science of it all
And when forever came calling
We never thought that we'd give in...
To the forces that pull you along
The science of never really living at all
The possibility of going home
The rebellion we start to save our own
This will be broadcast on the nation's door
It's the perfect ending to your war
The past is dead it don't exist anymore
The present is passing quicker than before
The past is dead I don't wanna anymore
So I will not follow where you've taken me beforeI'm lying here on the floor where you left me
I think I took too much
I'm crying here, what have you done?
I thought it would be fun

I can't stay on your life support
Shortage in the switch
I can't stay on your morphine
It's making me itch
I said I tried to call the nurse again
She's being a little bitch
I think I'll get outta here, where I can

Run just as fast as I can
To the middle of nowhere
To the middle of my frustrated fears
And I swear, you're just like a pill
Instead of making me better
You keep making me ill
You keep making me ill
As fast as I can
To the middle of nowhere
To the middle of my frustrated fears
And I swear, you're just like a pill
Instead of making me better
You're making me ill
You're making me ill

I haven't moved from the spot where you left me
Must be a bad trip
All of the other pills
They were different
Maybe I should get some help

I can't stay on your life support
Shortage in the switch
I can't stay on your morphine
It's making me itch
I said I tried to call the nurse again
She's being a little bitch
I think I'll get outta here, where I can

Run just as fast as I can
To the middle of nowhere
To the middle of my frustrated fears
And I swear, you're just like a pill
Instead of making me better
You keep making me ill
You keep making me ill
As fast as I can
To the middle of nowhere
To the middle of my frustrated fears
And I swear, you're just like a pill
Instead of making me better
You're making me ill
You're making me ill

Where I can run, as fast as I can
To the middle of nowhere
To the middle of my frustrated fears
And I swear, you're just like a pill
Instead of making me better
You keep making me ill
You keep making me ill
Me ill, me ill, me illParoles de L'Morphine ''La Akolo Lbatatis''

قالت الدنيا للمورفين كل البطاطس
قال المورفين انا لا آكل البطاطس

جات عندي مدامة شاعلة نار
قاتلي دوز صباح متيكونش راجلي بنهار
عارفاك قمار, دوز تاكلني
أنا لا آكل البطاطس
وحدة ضحكاتلي فالبار, بنتلها غبار
باقي قصار, بنتليها عبار
ولا شوف كيشافتني
أنا لا آكل البطاطس
نايضة نايضة ف پاشا
كاين ديدجي نصاب
كاينين بنات غلاب
كلك حلاب
اودي غي سد الباب
دير دير هيت راديو مزكنا
ليلة غيديروشكون رابور لي تيطل عل البحر فالسكنى
طلع والسكرى
مغنبدلش النظرة شوف
أنا لا آكل البطاطس
كاين خيسوس فموازين
يالاه نجيبو النهار حضر اللوازم
نشوفو سميرة تعرفت عليها فالباج دالكواسر ياوزير
أنا لا آكل البطاطس
دايرة لاراف السلطة
باقي ليك مونتيف تكمل عشرين نقطة
هانية أنا أشرب الفودكا أكمي الحشيش
أنا أشرب البطاطس

قالت الدنيا للمورفين كل البطاطس
قال المورفين انا لا آكل البطاطس
لا آكل البطاطس, أنا أشرب الفودكا, أكمي الحشيش
أنا أشرب الفودكا, أكمي الحشيش, لا آكل البطاطس
أنا اشرب الفودكا, أكمي الحشيش, لا آكل البطاطس
لا آكل البطاطس, لا آكل البطاطس

داز علينا بحديدة باباه
داز ودار الزيرو
ياودي عارف حاطة ليك ماماك جنب فراشك السيرو
هه, أنا لا آكل البطاطس
ضارب الماركة
حاضي فلان فين باركا
حافض البلايك بحال شي ساقطة
كاع لي لابسة المزير كتبان ليك ڭوابة
هه, أنا لا آكل البطاطس
ضربتي التوب حشمتي تقولي يتوب
بغيتي خدمة مع الدولة لحستي الكابة
باش تخطب تعلمتي تقول طاپا
حفضتي القنات تعذبتي مع البنات مابغيتي تزوج
شريتي سباط صرفتي على ود كاط كاط

لا آكل البطاطس, أنا أشرب الفودكا, أكمي الحشيش
أنا أشرب الفودكا, أكمي الحشيش, لا آكل البطاطس
أنا اشرب الفودكا, أكمي الحشيش, لآ آكل البطاطس
لا آكل البطاطس, لا آكل البطاطسYou can't stop, ca-ca-can't stop
You can't stop, ca-can't stop

My hair looks like cotton candy
My heart is made of sequins
Blow Pops and meat cleavers
Give me something sweet (Sweet, sweet, sweet)
Give me something, give me something
Gi-give me something sweet, sweet
Sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet
My skin looks like vanilla
My mouth is made of sugar
Syringes and cupcakes
Give me something sweet
I'm good enough to eat, oh, yeah (No)

You can't stop staring at me
You can't stop, I'm good enough to eat
You can't stop, sticky-sweet
You can't stop (No)
You can't stop staring at me
You can't stop, I'm good enough to eat
You can't stop, sticky-sweet
You can't stop (Stop)

My makeup looks like rainbow sherbet
My brain feels like hard candy
Gashes and sundaes
Give me something sweet
Give me something, give me something
Gi-give me something sweet, sweet
Sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet
Lipstick like pink bubblegum
Heart like a snow cone
Jawbreakers and morphine
Give me something sweet
I'm good enough to eat, oh, yeah (No)

You can't stop staring at me
You can't stop, I'm good enough to eat
You can't stop, sticky-sweet
You can't stop (No)
You can't stop staring at me
You can't stop, I'm good enough to eat
You can't stop, sticky-sweet
You can't stop (Stop)

Sprinkles everywhere, candy hearts and bruises
31 flavors, which one are you choosin'?
Sprinkles everywhere, candy hearts and bruises
31 flavors, which one are you choosin'?
Which one are you choosin'?
Which one are you choosin'?
Sprinkles everywhere, candy hearts and bruises
31 flavors, which one are you choosin'?
Sprinkles everywhere, candy hearts and bruises
31 flavors, which one are you choosin'?
Which one are you choosin'?
Which one are you choosin'?
Which one are you choosin'?Intro
Yeahhhhhhh
Yeahhhhhhh
Awhhh Yeahhhhhhh
Uhhh uhh
Chorus
You wouldn't know what it feels like
All you know is it feels right
She be sayin' is it real life
I tella, baby we be gettin' gone tonight
And I ain't never coming back
I ain't never coming back
I ain't never coming back home...yeah
I ain't never coming back
I ain't never coming back
I ain't never coming back home...yeah uhh
Verse 1
Mama I just wanna be me
It's the rebel in me
Let it be free now
Let it, let it, let it be free now
You don't wanna get me gone
You don't wanna get me gone
Cause I be gone for good
And there they go pretty baby
They be leanin' like they should
I'm tryna get myself ahead
I'm tryna get myself ahead
But they don't let me breath
They don't let me breath babe
What the fuck now
Morphine when we want to
There ain't nuthin else we gon do
Where they go babe
Baby don't you know yeah
Chorus
You wouldn't know what it feels like
All you know is it feels right
She be sayin' is it real life
I tella, baby we be gettin' gone tonight
And I ain't never coming back
I ain't never coming back
I ain't never coming back home...yeah
I ain't never coming back
I ain't never coming back
I ain't never coming back home...yeah uhh
Verse 2
My lady got a call yesterday
I think I might take her away
We really wanna leave this place
Baby I been gon away
And I be gon tonight
But I feel alright
I know I feel alright
Cause I got a pocket full of pills that'll last all night
Baby....I really love you long
You ain't said nuthin wrong...to me, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeahey, uh yeah
Yeah, yeahey, uh yeah
What they do for baby
What they do for baby
Chorus
You wouldn't know what it feels like
All you know is it feels right
She be sayin' is it real life
I tella, baby we be gettin' gone tonight
And I ain't never coming back
I ain't never coming back
I ain't never coming back home...yeah
I ain't never coming back
I ain't never coming back
I ain't never coming back home...yeah uhh
Baby, put it in ya dashboard we could save it
Baby, put it there we could save it
Save it, Save it, Save it
Baby we could save itSchiwiwi-schizo', psycho', robot, vocal, vocal DJ
Sorti de l'hosto', du labo', studio, badaboum, pas d'imposture, moi, j'bosse sûr
Métamorphose comme un alien, morsure, transformation, flow sorti du futur
Manimal un phénomène, un mélomane, un showman sur scène
Sueurs froides, ça vous donne chaud, man
J't'étonne, détonne des tonnes de vocales Drums pendant que les wacks mythonnent
Le baggy fait pas le B-boy, pas d'bol, c'est pas le gun qui fait le thug bad boys
J'reste authentique dans mes paroles, pas de botox dans mes beatbox
Ras l'bol des shlaggs haineux qui ragent, arrachez vous, pour ça j'ai plus l'âge
Fuck, fuck, fuck les clashs, j'vous éclate, et crache les scratchs
Place aux phases poom-poom-tchak, des bruits de barges, sur moi tu flashes
J'suis une machine, une maladie, j'manie le mic' comme, comme, comme une platine
Alors, t'as pas compris ? Rem'-rembobine
Sur Youtube, j'suis multi-clics de diamant
J'fais tout avec ma bouche, sans sucer, évidemment
Autodidacte, c'est moi-même l'entraîneur
J'fais tellement vibrer les enceintes : j'réveille les morts comme dans "Thriller"

Je continue ma carrière (j'lâche pas)
Mon travail mérite salaire
Je compte bien donner le meilleur (le meilleur : t'entends ?)
Cause I'm a motherfucker monster
I'm a, I'm a monster, I'm a, I'm a monster
I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a monster
I'm a, I'm a monster, I'm a, I'm a monster
I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a monster
J'ai une maladie, atteins du syndrome du beatboxer
J'ai une maladie, parfois, dans ma tête, j'suis plusieurs
Sorti de l'asile, le disque est prêt, j'viens vous faire peur
J'ai cette mélodie, certains disent que j'suis un monster

Moi, c'est Eklips a.k.a "L'Apocalypse"
Si t'es pas content : va faire autre chose, moi, j'taffe mes vocalises
I'm a, I'm a monster, Turntable humaine
Un juke box en chair et en os, un peu schizophrène
Du rap game, j'ai une vision cauchemardesque
Alors m'assimile pas, mon gars, tu peux pas test
Ma sincérité, ma rage, ma détermination
J'suis une multi-prise : beatbox, rap et imitations
Mon seul but, c'est d'faire kiffer la foule
Au microphone vient la foudre, surtout quand la salle est full
J'suis un fou, stopper : ça me vient jamais à l'idée
J'veux caner sur scène, comme dirait Johnny Hallyday
Hey, depuis le foetus, la 'sique, c'est ma morphine
J'suis un monstre, comme Didier Morville
Cette fois, c'est claire : le cocon est prêt à éclore
Fin de la convalescence, j'ai planté le décor

Je continue ma carrière
Mon travail mérite salaire
Je compte bien donner le meilleur
Cause I'm a motherfucker monster
I'm a, I'm a monster, I'm a, I'm a monster
I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a monster
I'm a, I'm a monster, I'm a, I'm a monster
I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a monster
J'ai une maladie, atteins du syndrome du beatboxer
J'ai une maladie, parfois, dans ma tête, j'suis plusieurs
Sorti de l'asile, le disque est prêt, j'viens vous faire peur
J'ai cette mélodie, certains disent que j'suis un monster

Tu parles mal ? Espèce de grosse biatch
"Hip-hop", ça veut pas dire seulement avoir des habits larges
Chacun son style, chacun sa voie, moi, j'ai choisi de toutes les faire
Nicolas Canteloup sort de ce corps, le loup doit sortir d'sa tanière
Satanas, les jaloux veulent voler mes précieux
Stupides hobbits, perfides, médisants et vicieux
Nous n'allons pas nous laisser faire
Ils veulent nous la faire à l'envers
Ils iront tout droit en enfer
Ce sont les fils de Lucifer
Gollum !Paint her face
Eat it like some cake
Things change
She don't wanna' date
Runny nose
Think i need more cane
Morphine
Dripping through my veins
Fell in love
Now i'm a goth boy
Made some songs
Now i'm a hot boy
Things change
Fuck what people think
I might steal a Maserati with a bang
Ain't a thang'
Might rob a bank
Fm-dub
We the boys, what you think?
I know I'm good
You don't gotta' ask
Lil baby come here & shake that ass
Fuck school
Ion' fuck with rules
Fuck the females
They're all bitchy too
I ain't trippin'
Bitch gimme top
Through the city
Runnin' from an op
Like Niki
Bitch get me sticky
All drippy
Pose with a blicky
Fuck a sippy
Bitch gimme' 50
He a silly
Shoot em' with a 50
Baby girl you're a mother fuckin' angel
Baby girl look good from every angle
Get on top & I'll tell you when to stop
Baby girl ride my dick, till' she drop
I ain't trippin'
Bitch gimme' slob
I ain't trippin'
Hide it in my sock
Im the talk
Im the man of my town
And your girl told me
You a whole clownIf we're over
If we're over
If we're over, always old
Are we over?

Synthesize me morphine to dull the pain
Give me summer rain
To wash away the autumn blue
Blotted onto all I do
Cause everything I thought was true
Every time I thought of you
Caught in a distorted view
Crawling through
The mirror maze
These broken shards of single glaze
Reality will strip your face to bone
Never had I felt so alone
Than a moment that that phone rang
To twitches in my chrome hand
To run away
Iron-out the glitches in my program
Damn
The black rat's been scratching at my mind again
For what?
And how'd you make it stop?
I knew but I forgot
Somebody been fucking with clocks
And cut the colour out the picture, left me nothing but the slops
Well it's a cotch
Turn up the hissing and the pops
And tell my opportunities to piss off if they knock
Cause it's a cotch
A loner in a comatose cocoon
How you been?
I'd be lying if I said 'I'll see you soon'
I want
Millions of little pills to drop into my drink
I'm not thinking straight, this isn't really what I think
Except it is
I'd accept a second with that bitch for every 20 spent sticking bits of metal in my wrists
Give me
Millions of little pills to drop into my drink
I'm not thinking straight, this isn't really what I think
Except it is
I guess you get just what you give and that's my message to the kids
I'll let 'em live, let 'em live, let live
Don't get it twist, or twist it up
The fuck is your prerogative?
My glorious story's your apocalypse
The acid in the rain washed the tragedies away
And what, happened to the passion that you happily displayed
Younger days
Summer haze fade to winter and it's cold tonight
Take a chance, roll your dice with a poltergeist
And win it all, a pitiful pittance
The spinning glitter ball, that glistens, isn't gold
Why'd you listen to your soul?
Do exactly as you're told soldier
Follow your directives
And never view the universe through multiple perspectives

If we're over
If we're over..Not taking calls today
Should I let nature take it's course, yeah of course I wanna stay another day
But another course of chemo is underway
Most days I feel it's killing me instead of healing me
Yeah, and what would I know
Looking what I've done to me, searching for comfort in sourthern comfort and
My shirt's covered in that red wine
Self induced bed time, days of Lazy Grey and Len One
Yo, is this the final come down
From years of drug abuse and hanging round the wrong crowd
I got a son now that I love to death
And his mother I still love her too, put her through so much stress
Go—d let my sins wash away
Washed up in this hospice, I found you but I lost my faith
I found God but at what cost, what a fucking waste
Sorry God I'm in a lot of pain
From these tumours in my front and back
Yo, while my son is running laps around my bed
Death is like a lumberjack with axe up to my legs
I'm waking up with Dracula on my wrist
Take my blood, run these tests
They say take these drugs, forget about this
It's all about my son and watching him grow
I tell him that I'll be there but everybody knows
They know that

Odds aren't
In my favour
In my favour
In my favour
Odds aren't
In my favour
In my favour
In my favour

I still feel okay mentally
Just don't understand why they all wanna be friends with me now though
The shows can't go no more
'Cause they don't respect my comfort zone and I'm photobombed
And before this, before I was sick
You even give a shit? Bet I was up in your hated list
Daz and Layla are my real crew, I love them
The other day Layla came and brought me soup, it was so mad
Dazza brought the MPC
And I got a track with OPT, Draphto, Mortar and me
You see I'm still writing everyday in here
Working on kings collide with friends up in Australia
The Hoods are up in here, I'm proud to call 'em fam
I've been to every show, friends but I'm a bigger fan
Damn, crew are doing dry july because of me
Hope they didn't read the rant on Twitter when I was on morphine
Ouch, I've been through couch to couch
In this corridor it's impossible to get comfortable, and now
It's fucking midnight in this hospice
Leaving here alive is like spotting the Loch Ness Monster up in Scotland
It's a wives-tale, it happens but not that often
Is it too late to pray for life and read the Gospel?
SBX, YCK with Marley Bear I trust you
If I don't wake tonight, always know I love you

Odds aren't
In my 
In my favour
Odds aren't
In my 
In my favour

Odds aren't
In my favour
In my favour
In my favour
Odds aren't
In my favour
In my favour
In my favour
Odds aren't
In my favour
In my favour
In my favour
Odds aren't
In my favour
In my favour
In my favourI was asleep when he died. I had called the hospital to say one more good night, but he had gone under, beneath layers of morphine. I held the receiver and listened to his labored breathing through the phone, knowing I would never hear him again.
Later I quietly straightened my things, my notebook and fountain pen. The cobalt inkwell that had been his. My Persian cup, my purple heart, a tray of baby teeth. I slowly ascended the stairs, counting them, fourteen of them, one after another. I drew the blanket over the baby in her crib, kissed my son as he slept, then lay down beside my husband and said my prayers. He is still alive, I remember whispering. Then I slept.
I awoke early, and as I descended the stairs I knew that he was dead. All was still save the sound of the television that had been left on in the night. An arts channel was on. An opera was playing. I was drawn to the screen as Tosca declared, with power and sorrow, her passion for the painter Cavaradossi. It was a cold March morning and I put on my sweater.
I raised the blinds and brightness entered the study. I smoothed the heavy linen draping my chair and chose a book of paintings by Odilon Redon, opening it to the image of the head of a woman floating in a small sea. Les yeux clos. A universe not yet scored contained beneath the pale lids. The phone rang and I rose to answer.
It was Robert’s youngest brother, Edward. He told me that he had given Robert one last kiss for me, as he had promised. I stood motionless, frozen; then slowly, as in a dream, returned to my chair. At that moment, Tosca began the great aria “Vissi d’arte.” I have lived for love, I have lived for Art. I closed my eyes and folded my hands. Providence determined how I would say goodbye.New plague, getting paid, everyone is guilty
Taxes on the lotto, water's gotten filthy
Psychos, weirdos, percocet and morphine
Little imperfections cost us all, cost us all
I saw a missile filled with frightened people
Crashing down, into a ball of flames
Something tells me it's almost over
Someone tell them it's almost over
Slave camps, last dance, billion dollar mishaps
Bombshells, nitro, anything that you can throw
Housewives, onion rings, AOL and crashing planes
Second rate therapy, everybodies crazy
I saw a black cloud above the forest
Wiping clean till nothing else remained
Something tells me it's almost over
Somone tell them it's almost over
Makes me sick to know that it's your fault
Makes me sick to makes that it's you
Makes me sick to know that it's your fault
Makes me sick and it makes me ill
Makes me sick to know that it's your fault
Makes me sick to makes that it's you
Makes me sick to know that it's your fault
Makes me sick and it makes me ill
Monstrous, what we've become
Space waste
Brain dumb
Nostradomus prophecies
Welfare
Enemies!
Enemies!
Enemies
Will someone tell them its almost over (Enemies)Death becomes her
The final fleshy stumbler
A Midas touch
The final sirens darkest sides amongst her
Brighter moments fade to black
She snorted back the last line of the wrap
Powder warped her mind and caused her arms to flail and flap
No more of that
But plenty more of every other form of sadomasochism breeding in this portal back to back
Blacker than the Taurus maps we hoarded in the dull glow of the TV, dim light flickers in this awful flat
(Heads down)
Underwater torture caught in all the forms we ordered into lists to sort to iron out the glitches in our formula
A mess of numbers, void and punctured algorithms
Rarely built in straight lines like our movements in the town we lived in
Count the chimneys, count the victims
Life of VHS on half speed squealing slowly through a rented picture
Settle in, prepare for winter
And celebrate the times we shared before our walkways fractured, tore and splintered
Your list of lies were harmless never crystallized
And targets ever shifting
Resistors in this circuit forming intelligence so artificial
So irrelevant, so artificial
Load the bullet, spin the barrel, pass the pistol
Lonely are the mornings here to swim alone, in search of life
Something so forgetful when you live alone, just let it go
Let the filthy current of the undertow, light your way, away you float, so morbid in the match-head glow
It's dreamy, so dreamy on the floodplains
Tramadol and morphine make for interstellar runways
One sin, checkmate
No stops, no way
Someday, some say
Co-stars, gun play
To thrive within uncharted jurisdictions, each'd sacrifice and nominate a body part and list them
That way you can never live to speak, see, walk or listen in the knowledge that the others doing well when you're not with them
So sacrificial, it's so sacrificial
The way the sails glow the light upon the burning vessel
It's so symptomatic, it's so symptomatic
The way the water lapped below the burning undercarriage
It's so sacrificial, so sacrificial
We gave up bailing water way before the lightning hit you
It's so symptomatic, it's so symptomatic
You ever think we had it? We never had it
Like fire and ash breeding in my heart and soul
Inside the bruised and battered, black and blue could have her ,snaps and groans
Only time will tell, so let her in
And try to find a hint of flesh inside her metal limbs
Like fire and ash, the final throws
Unrelenting downward spirals of the life you chose
Only time will tell, so let her in
And crunch the numbers till the harlot tells you everythingFrom his army confessions of his military days
You still carry the shrapnel you're shell-shocked and dazed
Dear Johnny have you lost your way
Or like denim and leather are you faded and frayed
Institute lackies with hot bourbon breath
White coats and needles Johnny like to scare you to death
Dear Johnny do you feel your best
When you're strung out at night on your morphine and meth
Jackknife Johnny you're a floor moppin' flunkie
Tool of a dagger's drawn world
Jackknife Johnny them old vets gotta hate you
For bringing home that V.C. girl
Jackknife Johnny welcome to our world
From the tone deaf hearing of the draft board game
You were washing cars down in Dallas when the holocaust came
Dear Johnny your excuse was lame
All your friends sleep in boxes while you sleep in chains
Jackknife Johnny you're a bad jungle monkey
Tool of a dagger's drawn world
Jackknife Johnny them old vets gotta hate you
For bringing home that V.C. girl
Jackknife Johnny welcome to our world
Jackknife Johnny you're a floor moppin' flunkie
Tool of a dagger's drawn world
Jackknife Johnny them old vets gotta hate you
For bringing home that V.C. girl
Jackknife Johnny welcome to our world
Jackknife Johnny you're a bad jungle monkey
Tool of a dagger's drawn world
Jackknife Johnny them old vets gotta hate you
For bringing home that V.C. girl
Jackknife JohnnyAn IV itch, the tattoo swimming up her arm
The nurse's stitch. The doctor's rich
The 5 alarm, the 5 alarm
The liquor for body warmth

And this is what we came here for
Another drug we can't ignore
Slightly stoned with morphine injections and vicodin drops
Causing hearts attacks, heart attacks
No, they're not for fun

We speak in words that cloud thought
We keep our backs against the wall
We speak in words that cloud
Thought through Tylenol

Halogen lights, the Light to match the tile floors
The pills that slide as water pours
The hired whores at corner stores
The hiding of cancer cures

And this is what we came here for
Another drug we can't afford
Load the infections with lethal injections
To silence the crowd and they're ignorant mouths

And promise just that
The lives of a cat
Nine for everyone

We speak in words that cloud thought
We keep our backs against the wall
We speak in words that cloud
Thought through Tylenol

She wants to get out
But she's out of her mind
And she didn't notice
No, she never noticed
These duel swinging doors
They keep her inside
These meds keep her happy
They say they keep her alive
But she wasn't insane, she wasn't insane
'Till the medicine came
She wasn't insane, she wasn't insane
Well, so much for air

We speak in words that cloud thought (So much for air)
We keep our backs against the wall (So much for air)
We speak in words that cloud (So much for air)
Thought through Tylenol

(We ain't scared of death)
We speak in words that cloud thought
(We ain't scared of death we greet the end)
We keep our backs against the wall
(We ain't scared of death)
We speak in words that cloud
(We ain't scared of death we greet the end)
Thought through Tylenol

We ain't scared of death
We ain't scared of death we greet the endFreestyle Dada - Best Love Story. Feat. Joanna (Introducing)
(Chrous - Joanna)
Where did the love go
What happened to i love u girl
The night you broke my heart, i didn't loose my love
I lost my world
How did u live me
After all we been through
I thought you were my boy
You said i was the one
I know it wasn't true

(VERSE 1 - Freestyle Dada)
It's all running thru ma head girl i can't decide
This can't be right, I'm blacked out and i can't see light
And when i thought that we was fly u turned pesticide
I always knew that u were the one no jet lee style (huh)
Matters of the heart, matters of the heart
Got a nigga on his knees baby please come back (uhuh)
I want u here or i"ma
Load up this lead shower
And get the gun to ma dome blow and go gaga
Reminiscing on those times that u were here
Going through ur photos and merrn i shed tears
Ma homies warned me but i still played deaf ears
Never knew u would do this through all these years
And now is morphines and alcohol,wanna loose it all
Give me more greens i wanna fall,never love
Never will i love,never will i trust
Let the rain pour,let the plane crush

(Chrous - Joanna)
Where did the love go
What happened to i love u girl
The night you broke my heart, i didn't loose my love
I lost my world
How did u live me
After all we been through
I thought you were my boy
You said i was the one
I know it wasn't true

VERSE 2 - FREESTYLE DADA
Slow  dowwwwwn
Slow down baby
We used to run the town but now u down shoddy
Another round,baby try throwing u best at me
Held prisoner of your love i"m in custody
So laugh at me,some of your friends will
But i'm getting over u,ma heart is on a stand still
Buried in ma mind,light up i need a candle
Sharpening ma soul am straight outta the anvil
So get me gone,and turn it on,or maybe Shawn
Like a baby born,a new song,a new dawn
All these Armani, Gucci,Prada,and Louie Vuitton
Got me going bananas like u are donkey Kong
But don't worry,i appreciate your care tho
Taught me some lessons,it got me stressing and i learned slow
And now u gone am using it as ma tears oooh
U a bad ho,u a bad ho

(Chrous - Joanna)
Where did the love go
What happened to i love u girl
The night you broke my heart, i didn't loose my love
I lost my world
How did u live me
After all we been through
I thought you were my boy
You said i was the one
I know it wasn't trueParoles de L'Morphine "Toutankhamon"
Majaych Ngoul Kent kan rappi f 90nat
Mousséjala Kbira ou dakchi
Oulla ri7t chwa dazt 3la nif lméskinat
W nass 3la déss ou l7ssira katbki
7ayat bent 7ayat 7tirimat khti
3éndék m3a drama 9aditi li drafat
B9it dryéf ghi f dikrayat mmi
Machakil ou hada gha lbdo..
3ati chéque l dar do
Lblad hakada ya 3émmo
Wladha f daya3 chnou
Fay9 khassér m3éméch ou tan3réj
7it na3éss f bayass 3wéj
Nachidi tghénna ou raya tghméz
30 Mlyoun Dlo
Béllati nbyénou lik l flou
Hakda katban li mén l3loo
Ro93a khanza fél kawkab
Makatzyan tal Remdan fel meghreb
Mlli lbachar taydékhlo
Dwiyba 3éngat té3léb
Ou t3a9éb blmistara jro
Lbéss cravate l'escroc
Hakuna Matata à l'aise Bro
7ayat Bén 7ayat l9oron lwoussta bént 7ayat diyanat
Lbayan 3énd li sna 3ndou bak Contrat
Nhar nwa idir farissa lél mamat
Lmgharba ! Chkoune gual Kamoune ?
Ou chkoune gual itéwér l3ilm ou n3arfo 2 khout wéldou Toutânkhamoun
Yakma zédt f la dose ?
Banou li lkhout gua3 Namou
Ach had lkhotta d'Walou
Rwappa li dérbou Torta D'Balou
L9chor gua3 matou
Rap Tayjri 3la li ja nawi ikhchiha lou
Ghi tor dar dodo
Dor ta nodo
Jdoudék f had lé3b
Machi lssan lmorfo dfar Ché3b
Bouss L9ayd
Tantsséwér B'l'Objectif f zén9a rouge ou L'Mic
Téfkiri tanssawrou m3a Mzzikti f trackat Dial 2 d9ay9
I apologize ou 3ad fé9tI'm giving up...
Even though I'll know they'll be here when the chips are up
If we die the world doesn't give a fuck
Cause killing a world never meant shit to us
If beings from other planets learn to live with us
If they can't: is it them, or is it us?
Sharks in bloody water, I jump in it
I'm grateful for every day the sun's risen
My only fear is my work going unfinished
Somebody witness, someone get killed for bus tickets
Your life could be taken in one instant...
But this is just one instance
We worship things we imagine like tall tales
We pledge allegiance to a banner that's star spangled
Beneath the magma of a volcano
I await famine and the Archangel
And all I can say is...

Goodbye world, I'ma miss you
But not as much as you'll miss me
When it's all said and done
The question becomes: are you afraid to be free?
They saying goodbye hearse
If I miss you, more than you miss me
I just find inner peace within a dream
And let go, I ain't afraid to be free
Say goodbye world...

And we aim for the summit
Been a long time coming, there's an ache in my stomach
We spend 'em all, but these days ain't abundant
A wrecking ball, that I take and I run with
When I'm done with it all, and this curtain falls for me
No comfort's taking if my work is not coursing
Through the blood it is pouring
The bloodletting's upsetting when we see those with no puddles forming
So we trudge on forging
A new path to do math and use that morphine
Like it subdues that scorching effect
When there's nobody left to set our corpse free

They say the good die young
Well I got a long time 'fore my time comes
Will I rise with the sun if I rest in the sunset?
I must admit I'm preoccupied by all these notions of judgment
Comparin 'em to Judas Iscariot
Sometimes the stick's more motivating than the carrot is
I'm judging arrogance, once that dirt covers
Before too long I'll be sporting them earth colors


Off the wall, and I'm smiling for all the wrong reasons
I'm but an odd ball tipping the scales just to get even
All in all, I'll take the chances and take your hand this evening
So you'll feel no withdrawal the moment you realize I'm leaving
Hah... and I won't be back
Don't get attached, my last one-night-stand told me that
So I show love, with a grain of salt
But when karma struck I was like, "Hold up, it ain't my fault!"
I was conditioned to put up these fences
So on the day of my conviction we'll have to breakthrough
Before they take you
Besides, the look in their eyes is less convincing
When you can see 'em flinching from a bird's-eye view
Almost through with my last will and testament
It's a Russian roulette, and guess who the next contestant is
Let me tip my glass and ash my herb
Before I pass I leave you with these last wordsParoles de L'Morphine "Mfiltré"

Titre éphémère mfiltré
Nedfan défi nsarkel b Ferrari
3La 7sab t9ar9ibt dados
Za3mo 9arno fi rasi
Nul fi papeterie
Chmen papier o stylo
Makayench papi chulo
Rakbo li papillons 3ad ghanban bigboss
W3a ki tal3at m9al3a
3la nas l9ar3a o sal3a homa les pistons
Welah la chab3o men l'viagra o louz
Ana walo naturel sans stupéfiant, ni stimulant, ni érection
Darbha men 92
Mle9e7 men tétanos
Men nhar ghre9 Titanic wana titulaire f rap rapide
Rap charbo men l'biberon m3a Cerelac bel mouz
Mrakeb zoom f zoo dyal mon ADN
Zayd 3andi chromosome mbarbezni b'la scène
Bla l7is o bla 7roz, o bla scénario
Doz f radio belkhaf déjà dart lik hypnose
Hypnosi l'victime
Wlad L'Boulvard rab3o charbo l9ase7
L'poids lourd f la doz
L7sab 7sab rime machi dakhla ztata
Je m'en fous men llabs
Lbes lbas lmo3alim lmoustache karata
Mais quand je parle j'ose
N'clarifiw les choses
Medli chi can ghayata
L'pile o face f la casse
Dawaztou la la F.O.L o3jabkoum l'boulevard
Ch7al tat3jabkom TelQuel mli tekteb 3al l'boulvard
Ana howa li karahtoni w nlo7 likom lboul face
De tout façon ghadi nfascini la masse
Kima ti fascini Mars, Venus fel cosmos
Hdarti 3la rap machi 3la l hard o l fusion
Hadak l'ham khtani khalito lwlad la mission
Mais qu'est ce qui se passe
Manich netmanyek mezyan c'est leur passion
Koun ghi kan acte de munition men la science fiction
Bin lsan o lwden khasa tekhdam l'osmose
L festival o l'boulvard ana 3andi affaire close
Clope tab3ate clope
Ila 3ajbatkom Jaguar ana m7am9ani l R12
Golte mrigel 7sab hbil
Imken iban chi rap t9ile
Golte imken cha3lin l pile
Ti 9albo 3la stop ! sad9o warko 3la pause
Dawzou bzaf les cobayes 3ada warko 3la play
A Mehdi, a Mehdi sa3ef sa3ef rak 9asa7ti la dose
HahaWith a hand in my pocket, my jambox is knockin'
Sixteen spitter, no quitter, I'm locked in
Get away with murder, you're Cochran
Who plays OJ? I call not him
Not lifeless - biteless, no cockin'
Write verses twisted like Top Spin
Hope for the best, prep for that pop shit
I'm unconscious, you're just mindless
I'm mindful, rhyming on time
It's appropriate when I yield to that dime
I'm fine, she's fine, chug two beer steins
Coitus sounds neat, leave clothes behind
So nuts, my fresh is jammed up, bandana collection is straight up, ugh!
I'm sick, I spit the bird flu
Introduction time, you wanna meet this dude?

Who are you? (What?)
I'm the dude! (Who?)
I'm the dude (What?)
I'm a dude (Yeah?)
I'm the dude home breezy, I spit it 'til it's lights out, if you feel the same, say it right now
Who are you? (What?)
I'm the dude! (Who?)
I'm the dude (What?)
I'm a dude (Yeah?)
I'm the dude little lady, and I could be your dude
If you feel the same, then you're cool

My bread's not sweet, I believe it's not butter
But who the fuck cares, compared to no other
Your shutter speed's slow, no flow, just stutters
Put yourself next to me, I'm Scatman Crothers
Bee-ba-doo-dop, call Sally Struthers
You need a new job, you've blown you cover
I'm after the thighs like Suzanne Somers
To the point where the ladies try to break my rubbers, what?
That unfortunate, my spit keeps burning, I'm scorching it
This beat's had enough, yep, I tortured it
About to go numb, that darn morphine drip
Old school, my game got no rules
Some food for thought, I got brain and whole foods
Pro tools is how I pay dues
Stay away from fakes, I don't drink the O'Douls


These brand new cats with these real cool beats
Synthesize bass lines 'til they sound real mean
I ain't hating homeboy, I can move my feet
All I'm saying is I was chopping samples at sixteen
With my Doctor sample, my 3-0-3
Trust me, it didn't sound nothing like 3Oh!3
Became a spitter when I couldn't find an MC
Now I do it all, go hard, two cribs, no rentingDivided by loyalty, surrounded by emotion
Nobody under here, remembers any mercy at all
We stay down
Deciding the borderline
Maya, did no-one tell you?
I couldn't have made you mine
'Cause I feel your pain more than my own
All the love gone astray
There will be hell to pay this time
For those of us born to die
There'll be none to testify
Time and time again I skin the world, keel it over
Spinning on its side, beginning as it ended
Through these diamond eyes
Maid of Morphine settled in my side
Did she intervene?
Well, I'm the cleanest that I've been
Don't know where I know you from
Time and time again I've lived enough in silence
It's getting harder now to keep the violence in me
Someone I once was, raised upon a gallant rider's knee
Mortal memories lost among the unrecalled
Set the cross of fire (if I live)
These are the only ones (if I've loved)
Remember who they are
If I look, I see them everywhere
Don't know where I know you from
Told me, go the way of your heart
I'll be waiting for you
But wherever you are, you're not inside me now
Told me, try to sleep, I will come
But I'm still waiting for you
And wherever you are, I'm still inside you now
I'm never going to cut through without you now
If I get ascension or die
All the love that was mine denied
All the love that you qualified
Like a desert I'm open wide
There's nowhere for me to hide at all
For your love, I can never go back
Every one of us is herded and contained
Not a single one invited
Voices circulate around the musty hall
And the kerosene's ignited
Through the rising flames that lick against the flesh
Incandescent in the crossfire
Do my eyes betray the longest night of all
Do I see or dream of Maya?
But he's got us where he wanted us to be
Undivided, under control
As the narrow margin finds us face to face
As he laughs across the foxhole
Nowhere was ever safe enough for all of us
No one contender cared about getting out
Tied now behind the hungry fire meant for us
Scattered like dust and finally free Held together by fear
I can't be the same, too much has changed
Undeniably real and it's better left unsaid
All the love you said was nothing
Find a rhinestone not a diamond
I never wanted this
Left alive and laid to rest
Told me I was brighter than most
And I believed it all then
Through the dangerous times
I needed more than cold eyes
I want to be alone
To dream myself away from darkness and decay
As I try to forget it
No-one entered into my mind more than Maya
Someone she believed I could be is burning in me
Now I want to be alone like a stronger man
Then I can understand
As I try to remember where I know you from
Provider, are you inside or am I?Un tournevis
Alors mon beau fils, mon maître
Avez vous préparé quelque chose de diabolique?
Haha.. ce sera du gâteau
Ah bon
Beignets mortels... non
Clafoutis au curare... classique
Macaron foudroyant... non
Tarte au venin de vipère... pantoute
Le Pudding à l'Arsenic!
Dans un grand bol de strychnine
Diluer de la morphine
Faites tiédir à la casserole
Un grand verre de pétrole
- Je vais en mettre deux
Quelques gouttes de ciguë
De la bave de sangsue
Un scorpion tranché très fin
- Et un peu de poivre en grain
- Non!
Émiettez votre arsenic
Dans un verre de narcotique
Deux cuillères de purgatif
Et faites bouillir à feu vif
- Je vais en mettre trois
Dans un petit plat à part
Tiédir du sang de lézard
Bouillir dans un dé à coudre
- Et un peu de sucre en poudre
- Non!
Le pudding à l'arsenic
Nous permet ce pronostic
Demain sur les bords du Nil
Que mangeront les crocodiles?
Le pudding à l'arsenic
Nous permet ce pronostic
Demain sur les bords du Nil
Que mangeront les crocodiles?
Vous versez la mort-aux-rats
Dans du venin de cobra
Pour adoucir le mélange
Pressez trois quartiers d'orange
- Je vais en mettre un seul
Décorez de fruits confits
Moisis dans du vert-de-gris
Tant que votre patte est molle
- Et un peu de vitriol
- Non... Oui!
Le pudding à l'arsenic
Nous permet ce pronostic
Demain sur les bords du Nil
Que mangeront les crocodiles?
Le pudding à l'arsenic
Nous permet ce pronostic
Demain sur les bords du Nil
Que mangeront les crocodiles?
Le pudding à l'arsenic
Nous permet ce pronostic
Demain sur les bords du Nil
Que mangeront les crocodiles?
Des Gaulois!Paroles de L'Morphine "L'Morphinya 6"
Rap Da7ek Da7ka sefra o fomo mesdod mafih 7ta falja
Ana mkamech 5 mviséh ghi belhadra iti7o snan khit men sma blama diro Taghonja
Nod digre tale3 degré degré 9rib nod nbeguini
Ila 3andek sif beignet o pikini ana 3andi rap Piringels o Marlboro périmé
Ndiha gorja rwapa bghaw ital3o i2a9ama men fo9 marja
Ana tanbni b3id sas s7i7 machi fakhar lwalja
Tarikh aydwi 3la chkon dib ou chkon na3ja
3ayt ls7abek Ha lmorphine ja khayb lahja
Mchiti fiha akhay bla3mane
Ndamna mirikane 3lach kharjo had lhit
9aren rap kikan m3a lmorphine fo9 lbeat
Istis9a2 m3a nas lpastis ga3
Istifta2 m3a nas la crise ba3
Rimati tadreb f wednik o bass 3and ljirane
Mejmo3in 3la rap machi 3la wach tab lfrite alji3an
Hopla tani hana jit alkhanachich
Zelzal wra zelzal tan7arer rap bach teblite
Chkon 3adani
Ego ego lcariére bl'ego tanbni tko7ez lhih o tgare3 la vanille
Nta machi mdare7 nta fani
Chkon 7sen lk ana li t9obte lhit
Wla mc hchich rabi ykhalik rap ljomani
Madrasa f rap o ras lfo9 fel 3arbaza wel klab ana tansarfe9
Diro jam3iyat 7imayat rwapa kola nhar b track hana tanterta9 wakha twasi mamak 3la lfacteur dariba ghatwaslek
9sa7 ola tla7
N9a men n9awt Tide n9aim 9wa men l7did
Oman9aderch l9wawid
Man9derch n3tihom b tawil
Rap bdito yamat Cosby Show
Fala7 waled fala7 ana tan7ret fikom cornichon
Hada rap mafihch 7bibi zamil
3andi 2 chakhsiyat 3aych 2 denyat wednik wajed liya
Chof fiya
L'album f tawr lashghal
Ti9 biya mekhdom ti9niya o ghaytrecorda fel adghal
Boom f wednik hana jit l2alam lmorphine bach lblad tdawa lmorphiniya men 3aja2ib l3alam ila banet lk kawkawa
Dima mchad m3a lmekhzan fdmaghek 7alité ghi salon bach tefhamni 7ol lkhzine
Matkhafch mafihch bo3o chitan ti goli skot
3awtani 7ol fdmaghek lkhzine ra fih chi khalaya matkhademha 7ta t9areb tmout o yfout lfout
Klami cobra tsot tantaleb bel2ichtirakiya f rap gorbatchev kon katsog machi ghi mdarem
Wakha tkon katsom s3iba tkon meslam
Notfall b7al klami erreur 404 not found
Ghanfakrek 3awd lmpsy lmorphine siro lsanek
Rap bdito yamat kanet 3atya Alfa 55
Sawel DST ra 3arfa fin kount saken ghi kount saket
Sir tel3ab
7sabni men silone salet ola selision cham ila 2amrek dmaghek teghdab
Bin Las Vegas omeknas 3aych
O7alef manban 7ta ychadokom lhwayech
Ghandir tawra f rap 3ad ghatchofni f sando9 l3jeb
Rwapa fel maghrib ghi 9tot tfarkel bin l9seb seb
Rawapa fel maghrib ghi rhout tchahat l3neb
Kteb chkaya ana kayn
O khadam fikom rimaya siba7a orokob lkhayl
Orwapa chmayt t3almo ghi ra9s siya7a orap lmayel
Had ra l7mam
Babobi ila bak 3robi jitek f tmam
Lmorphine 1, 2, 3
Li majach chmata
Li mena yji lina li menhom yeb9a temI have heard the cannons thundering all night
And I cannot sleep for wondering why's a rebel's cause so right
And the morphine seems to do no good at all
And I would run away it I would not fall
I joined the southern cavalry for fun
And I had rode a thousand horses
Always had a way with a gun
Now I'm among the horseless riders lying still
Swallowed up by the cause on the widows hill
And I dreamed about a rose in a Spanish garden
And I kissed you and I placed it in your hair
And if I'm ever on my feet again I will
And I will run all the way just to meet you there
Through the day I watched those southern boys go down
And they lay like Georgia peaches bruised and broken on the ground
Through the night I wondered was it worth the pain
And I cried not revenge I called your name
Now I'm among the horseless riders lying still
Swallowed up by the cause on the widows hill
And I dreamed about a rose in a Spanish garden
And I kissed you and I placed it in your hair
And if I'm ever on my feet again I will
And I will run all the way just to meet you thereI'm the sparrow on the roof
I'm the list of everyone I have to lose
I'm the rainbow in the dirt
I am who I was and how much I can hurt
So I will look for you in stories of the kings
Westward leading, still proceeding to the world unseen
I'm the mirror in the hall
From your empty room, I can hear it fall
Now that we must live apart
I have a lock of hair and one-half of my heart
So I will look for you between the grooves of songs we sing
Westward leading, still proceeding to the world unseen
There are no gifts that will be found
Wrapped in winter, laid beneath the ground
You must be somewhere in the stars
'Cause from a distance comes the sound of your guitar
And I will look for you in Memphis and the miles between
I will look for you in morphine and in dreams
I will look for you in the rhythm of my bloodstream
Westward leading, still proceeding to the world unseenJunkies, whores and pimps
Devils around my bed
There is no choice and no difference
And no one seems to notice
Sometimes I feel like screaming
Sometimes I feel like I just can't win
Sometimes I feel like I was born
To die in your arm in Berlin
Intoxicated by the orchids
Abandoned in the garden
Demanding morphine for communion
Because my soul was burning
Sometimes I feel like screaming
Sometimes I feel like I just can't win
Sometimes I feel like I was born
To die in your arms in Berlin
Stranded in the sweet windings
Breathing the pale moon silver
Tasting the last drops of life
From a sweet transvestite's lips
Sometimes I feel like screaming
Sometimes I feel like I just can't win
Sometimes I feel like I was born
To die in your arm in BerlinPile raps inside my skull cap
Like a brick stack tha kid is back
I told y'all niggas '98 list that
Yo '99 piss on rap 2000 where ya pistols at dun
We be tha men in black fatigues
30,000 dollar chains that swing
You'll catch me in tha streets poppin that bullshit
Catch a fat lip hoes all over your shit
Bust guns like nuts all over your bitch
So you's a woman tell me what tha fuck you tryna doin
You growlin all over tha tape
Forget you when I touch that shit
Not only that on the concrete
We splash more niggas than the wave pool did
Check out my new shit
We blood spit you still ice grill
Mad cause your clic shit is homo
The Mobb stay real
Steady playin' the field
Nigga you sideline rhyme
Customers complain they can't feel
You cooked up a half ass meal
Its time for me to catch burn on the wheels of steel
My shit fill the appetite of the populus
We can do it via satelitte just us
An show the world how that ass get bust
Ever since a little yuke I had this lust
To pick up the motherfuckin' pen an just rush
Like morphine beats throught the wires of the Eps plus
You get penalized tryna rock wit the utmost
Get branded for bein weak the most
Now be ghost get the fuck outta here
Wit that bullshit you tryna shit
Wit tha planet you need to be shot rappin
I got sickle cell I feel the pain
Oh yeah what's happenin
Fake thug wanna front like they contractin
Numbers on my head thug please i'm here waitin
You can't touch me there's no fake love amongst me
There's no fake niggas that run wit me
Somebody gave y'all the wrong info
I ain't ya kitko..nympho
Putmeon tha way you ???????
Supposed to taught that bitch much better than that
I dwell where the rest of my vets is at
]From sumnerville to Bx and back
To the lab and the dungeon
My house of representatives stay starvin be stumpin
We unholy cause there ain't a part missin
My commission sit at the table like the last supper fuckerContacte tes amis
J'apporte les boissons
J'organise ça un mardi
Est-c'que ça joue ? On s'redit
Questions, beaucoup trop d'questions (merde)
J't'ai d'jà tout expliqué
Tu t'demandes encore
Tu vois tu compliques (yeah, yeah)
J'sais qu'tu galères
Mais t'as pas autre chose à faire
T'as mon numéro (au cas où)
Dès qu't'es au clair
Tu perds pas d'temps, tu m'appelles
Ouh mais quel maillot d'bain choisir?
Soit le une pièce ou le deux pièces, peut-être toute nue
Mais quel maillot d'bain choisir ?
Le fuchsia ou le vert
Mais ça c'est ton dos

VarnishI pawned my watch, pawned my chain
Pawned my diamond ring
If that don't settle my drunken spree
I'll never get drunk again
Yeah well late last night when Miss Willie come home
She'd made one rap on my door
I said, "Is that you, Miss Willie? I'd like to know
Don't you rap no more"
I love Miss Willie, yes, I do
I love her till the sea go dry
And if I thought she didn't love me
I'd take morphine and die
She's up in her little stockin' feet, tippin' 'cross the floor
Just like she had done before
Yes, and I pawned my clothes, pawned my shoe
I'll never get drunk no (more)
I begged Miss Willie, down on my knee
To forgive me, if she please
"Well, you done caused me to weep
And you caused me to moan
Done caused me to lose my happy home"
I hollered, "Oh me, oh my
I'll never let another drink go by"
If I thought she didn't love me
I'd take morphine and die
I pawned my watch, pawned my chain
Pawned my diamond ring
And if that don't settle all my drunken spree
Lord, I'll never get drunk againYeah
Mrahba bik fel game, l'game khod3a
7achman wla saym, lgaym khodha
Rap f had lblad na9es roubla
Li 7achman tsam3o 3chirto, ghir ifotna
Ey sowlo lcobra
Ila kan rap match 3tiwni l'coup-franc
Tanwa3at bla mangol hopla
Mazal rima mfobra, 3ati rwapa 3otla
Madrassa f rap Morphino
3andi l’imagination Tarantino
Katab ktabi la mchargé ban
Maximum f niveau
Talbi One bgha iclasher ... ok tal chi 3am f Sarajevo
Klami samm jayb l7ata 3bar Morpho tgol kla mizane
L'album 9aribane o machi ghir 7it 9ari bane
O kima golt salifane 9ayad f li blawk
9anbol cha3ban m3ak Tomahawk
Cha3ri khanaz o ntoma tchawk
Tkalmi chyatn a mi kaltom jawk wlidate 2020
Lhadra masmoma 3awd ghanfayl o nchrih
Ghitmayl o tslim kant dayro tsmim
Rap f3aylo mskine rap bzbaylo o nachrih
L'morphine ztayli o 7nine machi b Skyrock tabghih
Radio monkey kikiki komanikiki
Ana lversion dyalak kon kanti kmiti
Ha li goltI just watched "When Nietzsche Wept"
Its been 3 nights, since I have slept
I just watched a physician turned psychoanalyst
Grappling with infidelity
I watched a teacher of philosophy
Tortured by memories
From the beginning to the end
I watched, "When Nietzsche Wept"
Saw I got call on Friday that my brother went
To the emergency room, he'd been rocked by nausea
He was dehydrated and colorless from anemia
And they laid him on his stomach to test the level of his pain
And on a level from 1 to 10
It came back 10
And they filled him up with morphine
But it had no effect on him
So they pumped him up with  instead
And they sent him home to his quiet humble home
In the middle of nowhere, some rainy Ohio road
I'm told that his basement is cluttery
And his weeds are overgrown
They sent him back to his quiet Ohio home
On Saturday night I called him
Though I was told not to, for he needed rest
But I called him anyhow
Because I've been so anxious and restless
I offered him a visit but I could sense from his listlessness
His spiritless tone
For now, he preferred to be left alone
Over the weekend I read "The Smile at the Foot of the Ladder"
To comfort me through this stressful family matter
Every 5 pages I had to leave my bedroom
To relieve my bladder
Thinking there's so much about being younger
That I took for granted
It's only about 50 pages and I read about 15 tonight
The clown Auguste is 40 years old, if I'm right
I remember when I was just about to turn 40
I was at a bar in Tampa when a girl approached me
She said how old are you
I said, "I'm pretty old southern belle."
She said, "Come on just tell me, I don't mind, just tell me."
"I won't mind."
I whimpered, "I'm 39."
She stepped back and said, "Ah you're not old.. yet."
And she walked off and she was exactly right
I wasn't old.. yet
I'm checking in every few hours with Ohio
But not directly with my brother he's too tired
With his night at the hospital
It worries me that they pumped him up "Drugstore Cowboy" style
I hope they didn't send him off with a whole bottle
Well, my brother, my love for you is at 11
It cannot be described in words
My love for you is ineffable
I'm sitting here in a menagerie of guitars and cables and microphones
Thinking "Am I a shitty brother?" for not flying
But I respect your wishes to be left alone
I don't know what it means to feel the ache in your bones
But I wait for you to call while I listen to this nylon-string guitar drone
Again, last night, I watched "When Nietzsche Wept"
Another sleepless night, worrying and fretting
But in the end, Dr. Breur said "my dear friend"
Nietzsche humbly said "We are friends, I like saying that. No one ever said this to me, we are friends."
And he wept and he wept like never before
"But we are 2 ships," he said. "Each of which has its own goal and its course,"
Then they parted ways and Nietzsche walked out the door
This morning I reread "The Smile at the Foot of the Ladder"
I wanted to read it again
In a state of mind that was slightly less distracted
The other clown Antoine, falls sick and cannot take the stage
He was a mediocre clown, who barely got laughs anyway
And then the retired Auguste steps in to take his place
And Antoine dies from a broken heart
From his tent he hears
Auguste receive thunderous applause, laughter, and cheers
And Auguste goes off into the streets
And finds everlasting peace
And when he discovered that to be yourself, just yourself
Is a great thing
And a cop beats him to death with a baseball bat
So much for Auguste's South American plan
And some witnesses come and flip Auguste on his back
And with a broad and terrific smile, he passed
His eyes open and gazing at the silver moon
And I closed the book and I called my brother
And said, "I love you."
I called my brother today to say I love you
He said, "They found a large kidney stone and next Tuesday they're going to have it removed,"
No need for laser treatments and I don't have to pass it through
I said "Are you sure you don't want me to visit and help out somehow?"
He said, "Please don't take this wrong but please, not this soon."
He said, "You keep working brother, I love your music and I love you,"
I said, "Okay, but now before I go to the fishing pier today and take some photos of seagulls for you,"
My brother loves seagulls
My brother loves to watch seagulls
Especially when they're flying away
He loves my photos of seagulls, hovering of the San Francisco bay
My brother loves seagulls
My brother loves seagulls
Especially when they're flying away
My brother loves to watch seagulls
Especially when they're flying away
My brother loves seagulls
Especially when they're flying away
My brother loves to watch seagulls
Especially when they're flying away
My brother loves seagullsAh ! sakran o 7adi 7wayji
3araf ach dayr biya
Rwappa, tkalam
Ghane3ti l' bla bla départ

Steak frite soda, plat principal
Konti zdak w free tsota, k'bla f lsani dfal
Dam o 3ro9 iskafi f taghriza
Nescafé tkwiza fekrona f jwani Népale
Kayn les fans o kayn les très faim
L'morphine howa l'produit bach kitghaslo lbifane ma3lakch
Wajad trifa o ma3loks
Mabiyach chi trofa a lba3lok o l7arb mafihch trafic bel pitch
Jomhor raj3o lor, jayb tambour o tondeuse
W ch7al man rappeur kesselto f l9bour
Jbadtoh b l venteuse, 7ermel w 9ezbor
9aanboul del phosphore, men lsani l bou9
Ch7al man rwippa tit3alam mani 7asabni so9
3araf ach kandir skran o 7adi 7wayji
Frach w 7asb lizor
7ta sma3to l M-psy 3ad bdito
3taraf o khali 3lik l ana l a3la
3taraf o la ghi ne9la li jat sahla mahla
Nti tarka nti lfa3la a 7lilif
Cha3b tala3 habat, ostora Sisyphe
L'morphine sheriff bghaw lih saisi
B zelzal l'mouvement tcha9a9
Kol khanfous 3and mo 3ziz
Bghaw idiro flouss b style Baz o Bziz
Rappeur 3andak niveau d'Bassou chrih
9asa7 man bakri, twil fikom yalah 9asse 7ajri
Ya moja ghani b had track tandwi m3a l baboucha Ghandi
Anti chicha mdindi gentil bel 7chicha blindé
L'morphine l bandi lbara7 mchat l cullota rap afandi
B7al f signe d'Kappa mcalmé b7al f ring Balboa mbombi
Chef chambré li chaf chi yajri
Darab complet bach li khaf ichayar li
Lwa3ra f l'Maghreb fiha ri7t charlie
Galbak tayzda7 ghadi b rythme Charlie bonne année
Had l3am daz ghi rap, PS Konami
Dahes ch7al man rappeur skhona lih
Wellefna l'mgharba matikamloch osloub b l3alali
W Skouma 3i9
Yeah L'MorphineI have a wisdom tooth
Inside my crowded face
I have a friend who is a born-again
Found his savior's grace
I was born before my father
And my children before me
We are born and born again
Like the waves of the sea
That's the way it's always been
And that's how I want it to be
Nothing but good news
There is a frog in South America
Whose venom is a cure
For all the suffering that mankind
Must endure
More powerful than morphine
And soothing as the rain
A frog in South America
Has the antidote for pain
That's the way it's always been
And that's the way I like it

Some people never say no
Some people never complain
Some folks have no idea
And others will never explain

That's the way it's always been
That's the way I like it
And that's how I want it to be
That's the way it's always been
That's the way I like it
And that's how I want it to be

If I could play all the memories
In the neck of my guitar
I'd write a song called
"Señorita with a necklace of tears"
And every tear a sin I'd committed
Oh these many years
That's who I was
That's the way it's always been
Some people always want more
Some people are what they lack
Some folks open the door
Walk away and never look back
I don't want to be a judge
And I don't want to be a jury
I know who I am
Lord knows who I will beParoles de L'Morphine "Taha L'Kobra (Episode Hors Série)"

N3awdlik asahbi bla mankhebe3 nta ghir tebbe3
Taha L'Kobra howa ismi, nta bdoros 7yati tchebbe3
F 82 tzadit, f 2006 tcheddit
Sabe9 we9ti, daba 3aych lwil
Hada L'Kobra dwai blsan L'morphine
7it madowznach 9lil
Lwalid kan mdesserni matn3rfch lmosta7il
M3enter 3nd bali chdid
Casa konna m7arinha
Sowwel 3lya weld chrif 7ay Moulay Rchid
Taha L'Kobra men la cage
Balcon 33  makaynch claquage makaynch n3as
Daba kon terwa
3okacha jana7 Abu Dhabi dayr blasti
Bseh 3aych 7ayawan dmagho tafi sme3 l 7kayti

B3id 3lik lbas wmachi b7kayti baghi nban 3lik
N9leb 3lik lkass wkassi bayn mor 3lik, kassi morr 3lik
B3id 3lik lbas wmachi b7kayti baghi nban 3lik
N9leb 3lik lkass wkassi bayn mor 3lik, kassi morr 3lik

Sbabi derrya Nawal tanjawya
Kont 3rftha f Agadir sif 2002
Casino Atlantic
Wakha kont mnomes m3a derriyat tanwelli nya
Ach gha ddir mazal f 7oubbino apprenti
Daz ssif dehk w nachat
Décapotable w blanat
Tebwat f Papagayo
Capotat ghir icha3at
Rje3t l Casa rej3at lbladha
Bini w binha téléphone w risalat
Tanbi3 w nchri f lmmater, l7did w chi mamno3at
W 3la balha
Kol khetra tal3 l 3ndha tan7reg f chwanet
Tgol waklin 3la b3dyatna jwanet
Wahd nahr lwalid 9owwedha tsizina
(kemmel la kemmel khoya)
Khwaw lina l kwanet
Khti f Almania dart crise cardiaque
Makantch 3la balna belli wahd nhar men mlayrya nwelliw nbano ghir kwaneb
Tobis 54 men be3d l Cadillac
Tebbe3 m3ana l7el9at
W l7el9a jayya nzid nwedee7 lik
Kantmenna men hna l tema nkon khrejt
W ana w khay L'morphine, nderbo les clips
L'morphine b3id 3lik lbas wmachi b7kayti jay nban 3lik
N9leb 3lik lkass wkassi bayn mor 3lik, kassi morr 3lik
Tebbe3 m3ana l7el9at
W l7el9a jayya nzid nwedee7 likA solo artist, but it's really like I'm not alone
I'm shouting out the Hustle Gang on each and every song
Now some came and gone
I wish em all the best
I hope you find another home and maybe you can rest
See some be sensitive to words, I guess you took offense
Cuz I ain't changing who I was its kinda hard to stress over
And those who try and test they overloading
They try they best to get over
To try out they lil mess on
Faker than a mufucka
Wearing Lee press ons
Gon' you can leave kick rocks get ya step on
They say family even worse they keep the stress on
And since we on our first date
You can keep your dress on
Gentleman to some, but on this song I am a mess on
No respect for it I'm beating my fuckin' chest on

I'm amongst winners
It's Hustle Gang or nothing
We eat the comp for dinner
You mufuckas stuffin'
Them be the ones in 2nd place
And still be talking tough and
We in the winners circle
Pass the mufuckin muffins
We feasting so good
We out the neighborhood
Skinny, and Snatchaman and B Chanel
I wish you would
Try and pop it they finding yo ass in the woods
You can't stop it we'll hurt you (Yeah)
You can't stop what we worth dude (nahhh)
You can't stop how we work dude
We a sitcom, you guys live in commercials
(2xs) We in the winningest circle
(2xs) Welcome the winners circle

I been famous
I was hot before the sun rose
Takin' shots while we pocketing them Euros
We celebrating more
Welcome the hate and more
This only adds to the plush environment figures stored
In stash spots right next to the iron through the door
Losing is not an option
Defending titles like we fighting in the world of boxing, flow is sick
You can mention it with other toxins
Before this shit, I was planning, researching and plotting
Now forward it we just buying in stocks with them options,was born to flip
Hustle Gang taking over the market with ownership, please
Putting a chokehold to the game til that fucka bleed
Stealing ya fans, thieves
You and ya mans leave
We been blessed you ain't even gotta say it, sneeze..

 (Album version)
Don't get it twisted
We was winning way before Sheen
Numbing tracks give that mutha fucka morphine
Live in a force screen
Blocking haters
We too busy watching four screens, elevators
We just reaching what you never seen
Tell them other teams we only reproducing more green
Plus we never get discouraged silly poor things
We just order more so the fiends can afford me
And I ain't keeping score but sure Hustles in the lead
We hustle in different leagues
The games tight, but we muscle mufuckas, please
See you not built to scuffle
We just fuckin bob and weave
Fuck all that fussing we just crush you other fucks and leave
On vacation Hustle Gang see you should take a leave
Cuz others know we never sleep welcome the dream teamI called the doctor
Up in the morning
I had a fever
It was a warning
She said "There's nothing I can prescribe
To keep your raunchy bag of bones alive"
I got some money left for one more shot
She said "God bless you" I said "Thanks a lot"
It's a slow, slow death
I called the preacher
Holy, holy
I begged forgiveness
That's when he told me
He said "There's nothing I can prescribe
To keep your raunchy bag of bones alive"
I got some money left for one more shot
He said "God bless you" I said "Thanks a lot"

I got to mainline
A hit of morphine
It's set to mainline
It's like a bad dream
Slow death... eat my mind away
Slow death... turn my guts to clay
Slow death 
Yeah, yeah Paroles de L'Morphine "Intro (Maxi L'Morphine)"

L'Morphine yeah

Bla mo9adimat, bla l M-psy wel bo9 li mat
Morphine raje3 w y3anneg
Ghoucht 2010, 12 3am wana ne9i l'rap l9echra
Nedba3, te7ya had dikra
Wellit ma 9edditch nesbar
Fare9t rap, wellit ghi nasker
L'Morphine raje3 yferdag
Ghoucht 2010, lsan mdoubli lhadra
Nerja3, te7ya had l fikra

Rap tankhel9ou, tandawazlih dem f 3ar9o
Tan7yih tankhtar3o, w b smiyet L'Morphine tansini
Fayd 3andi zzi2ba9
Welli jay mksiri, tangoulih zid a ssi sba9
Hada lah, hada ah hada lla
Welli hdah Allah, y7awel m3a lkamanja
Courage b semi remorque, 7it, chômage o smir mor l7it
Maxi teb3o album, w tiater chella
Ana L'Morphine ghandom man3awedch dik lfa3la
Danya laf3a, ne9raha nghani nserrefha sel3a
Meddli che3la, ndowwi chwiya 3el chen3a
Malin l petit pain bel3a
Mchit nbol w nji, rja3t l9it domaine 3mer boulangers
Cheddatni lkhal3a

Bla mo9adimat, bla l M-psy wel bo9 li mat
Morphine raje3 w y3anneg
Ghoucht 2010, 12 3am wana ne9i l'rap l9echra
Nedba3, te7ya had dikra
Wellit ma 9edditch nesbar
Fare9t rap, wellit ghi nasker
L'Morphine raje3 yferdag
Ghoucht 2010, lsan mdoubli lhadra
Nerja3, te7ya had l fikra

Ta7ya had l fikra, ey yeah!
Maxi L'Morphine, em
Ghoucht 2010
Bla matkmel l'hedraCulte blasphématoire dans des marais immondes
Les vérités du monde enfouies dans nos cauchemars
Panthéon maléfique dans des contrées puantes
Des créatures rampantes sortiront de leurs cryptes
Cornues, décharnées, aux ailes membraneuses
La peur vertigineuse des corps désincarnés
Elles arrivent par légions, portées par la houle
Par-delà les régions gardées par des goules
Les prophéties malsaines de ces cartomanciennes
Me saisissent et m’entraînent avec leurs griffes obscènes
Des prêtres lubriques dans des cloîtres italiens
Des cadavres jetés dans le puits des païens
Sorcières et magiciens serviront Yog-Sothoth
Sur les seuils de Salem c'est la frayeur qui rode
L'ignominie passée sera redécouverte
Comme des doigts décharnés dans des fractures ouvertes
Sous l’œil de Cthulhu tu ne pèseras pas lourd
À la tombée du jour leurs dieux te rendront fou
C'est Dagon suspendu à son lourd monolithe
Et le grimoire secret de Miskatonic

Les couloirs de l'horreur la peur jusqu'à l'aurore
Sachez que n'est pas mort ce qui à jamais dort
Les rues sans couleurs de la vieille Providence
Agonies et douleurs feront leurs confidences
Innsmouth est maudite, les nuits sont éprouvantes
Poussé vers la folie face à tant d'épouvante
Se brûler la cervelle quand les frissons t'accablent
Un cercueil sur mesure dans les jardins d'Arkham

Le nécronomicon contenait des formules grâce auxquelles on communiquait avec les forces suprêmes des dieux antiques... Cthulhu, Yog-Soggoth... Joseph Curwen tentait d'unir ces démons aux humains et créer une nouvelle race que les dieux utiliseraient à leurs fins

Sortis des profondeurs, monstres céphalopodes
Le mal prend de l'ampleur comme chez Charles Dexter Ward
Tu perdras le sommeil comme ta santé mentale
Les grands anciens ramènent la terreur ancestrale
Au coeur des ténèbres, ne plus chuchoter
Incertaine est l'issue, sombre est le tableau
Il sera bientôt l'heure des violeurs de tombeaux
Des peuples des mers qui émergent en grand nombre
Des chimères difformes qui se tapissent dans l'ombre
Entité dangereuse dans les abimes du temps
Les imprudents vivront des angoisses douloureuses
Des habitants venus des océans obscurs
Et c'est Joseph Curwen qui t'observe en peinture
Les dieux venus d'antan n'ont rien de clément
Dans le grimoire sanglant de cet arabe dément
Des sanglots permanents d'affolantes création
Mèneront la race humaine jusqu'à sa destruction
Esclave de la morphine, mémoire maladive
L'oubli ou la mort, l'unique alternative

Les couloirs de l'horreur la peur jusqu'à l'aurore
Sachez que n'est pas mort ce qui à jamais dort
Les rues sans couleurs de la vieille Providence
Agonies et douleurs feront leurs confidences
Innsmouth est maudite, les nuits sont éprouvantes
Poussé vers la folie face à tant d'épouvante
Se brûler la cervelle quand les frissons t'accablent
Un cercueil sur mesure dans les jardins d'ArkhamIf you'll take me, then baby ill have you
You know i'm lonely, ?? they scrap you
The medicine has you, and ? bad as you
Mary I miss you, I wonder who has you
And ill be going back and forth in my head if im ever going back home
Cause I think about you but the waters getting cold and now im alone
Going back and forth in my head if im ever going back home
Cause I think about you and my memories gone
And I hurt you bad, but the medicine has you
And I don't miss you ?, at least I can have you
Morphine dreams and coldy nights
Turned me to morphine fiend, on cold nights
(yeah)silence comes over me, and I know ill be alright
And ill be going back in forth in my head if ill ever go back home
But the waters gotten' cold and my ? fell in love
Going back in forth the medicine has me and ill leave here leave here gladly
Ooooh, ohhhh, oooh
Oooooh, ohhhhhParoles de L'Morphine "7chaychi Dimo9rati"

West chmayt w les escrocs
Bin jwame3 w les bistrots
Tanb9a fidèle f had track
Jit nfaser bro
Fidèle l mabadi2i
3ayetli Fidel Castro
Fidèle l RAP, casque, micro
W garo, 9hiwa, ASPRO
Fidèle l drapeau
Wakha mseket lina jo3na b kas flan
Wlme3da katghowet casse-croute
Fidèle, 7chaychi dimo9rati
Skayri dayha f rassi
Chad 3bari w kilogrami
S7ab afkar noir et blanc gha yne3toni b mskhout
Chad f serwali
Wakha jyabo kayseffro
Fidèle l l3a9ida man2amnch b horoscope astro
Fidèle  l derham
Wakha kayghmez fina euro
Fidèle w hakda ana
No9ta sghira f kawn kbir
F lghorba kay3ayroni b lmoro
Fidèle l trabi n3yaw manhajro
Fidèle l Hasni w Nasro
F ssif n3arso f chta n9asro
F ssif nharso
Bin lba9al w salaire nt9arso
Fidèle l Wydad w Lbotola Pro
Wakha yl3bo f ghis 7na kansbro
Fidèle w mafyach l3ya9a jay nban 3lik
Fidèle, wila chbkat ant3skroI built a house of stones with room for only two
The soil from the earth will hold me close to you
I know we're built to break, for now it's all we've got
I'll learn from my mistakes, you'll learn to not get caught

Mend my heart with morphine
Let the pain adorn me
Like a doll, disarming
I'm okay
As I go through cycles
This romance turns idle
Give me time to fight it
It's all about me, not you

It's hard to give you up but heartbreak's all I've known
I'm watching you escape to nowhere, not alone
You start to fall apart, we know it can't be helped
The stones will soon collapse, it hurts to wish you well

Mend my heart with morphine
Let the pain adorn me
Like a doll, disarming
I'm okay
As I go through cycles
This romance turns idle
Give me time to fight it
It's all about me, not youI left the house to check out an open mic night
I was feeling very sick and my skin was a lighter shade of white
There was a young guy standing up on stage
With a menacing pose and wearing black shades
He was singing The Playback and wearing a shirt with a silver skull logo thingy
He sang about flying around with paper wings and his grappling with Christianity
I tapped him on the shoulder and I said, "Hey, I liked your set"
But he just shrugged at me and I thought, "Oh yeah, I get it"
The rest were artists mostly playing covers
But toward the end a woman got up and read a very vicious poem
That she had sent to an ex, she read it from her phone
It was venomous and intense and she didn't miss a beat
And after its final hard punctuated diss
The whole place erupted with applause and stood up from their seats
My nagging cough was getting worse, so I had to go
But I loved all the music and the support that everyone showed
For each and every artist, whether they're playing Coldplay covers
Or original pieces on Seagull acoustic guitars or Casio pianos
As I left and I walked through the café
I noticed colorful portraits, I noticed colorful portraits on display
All for sale, Bowie and Prince and Beyoncé
Bright purples and blues and greens and golds
But the one that stood out was Mike Tyson, sold
No wonder, I would have bought that one too
Nothing beats Mike's smile and his warrior face tattoo
Came home, the lights were out in my upstairs bedroom
I had to run an extension cord from downstairs to get a bedside lamp going
The cough kept me up all night
And my handyman came over in the morning and he saw the problem
By hitting a little switch on the wall, he called it a test button
And then he told me about his sister who had passed before Christmas
Due to an overdose on morphine while being hospitalized for an amputation procedure
Then he dropped me off downtown so I could get something to eat
Then I walked back home, through the graveyard
Uphill, and more and more uphill
And by the time I got home
My cough was so bad tears were coming out my eyes and I had chills
I laid down in the back bedroom
Like a KO'd fighter in a fetal position
Knocked down by a hard-bodied blow, like what Roy Jones did to Virgil Hill
The room is white and cool
My girlfriend will be here tomorrow, it's sardines and ramen tonight
I can't wait to hear the sound of her car pulling up the drive
It's night time and this cold is killing me
It's got me awake for three nights
And every time I cough it's like a Frazier hook shaking me
Cars, cars, cars, cars, cars, cars swishing down the highway
Dogs, dogs, dogs, dogs, dogs, dogs, woo-woo-woo-woo-woo in the yards
The night is black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black
Now it's 5 AM and I'm coughing like a chain smoker, asthma attack
I'm close to sleep and I feel a dream coming
I see myself in the dream, the back of someone's head in my forehead
There are two eyes right above my eyes
And blood is pouring is pouring from those eyes, right into my eyes
I force myself to wake and not let the nightmare happen
It's 5:30 AM and the black night is a slightly lighter shade of black
Sparrows are chirping and I'm on high alert
I just wanna sleep, I just wanna fall asleep
But I can't, the cough is so painful and it keeps shaking me
I've not ever coughed this bad since the winter of '93
When Katie and I spend the winter in Mendocino County
That house had a similar vibe to this one
A wood-burning stove, an awkwardly laid-out old Victorian
And back then, I was reading a Hank Williams book
Now I'm reading A Game of Ghosts
But I still have that Hank Williams paperback
In my room, to remind me of our time together
Man, how the times have changed
I now seat next to Caroline, but will remember you forever
Now Caroline's back, she brought back some groceries and is making chicken soup
The yard guy texts me, "Hey amigo, I'm outside"
And I go out and I pay him
Small talk, small talk, small talk, small talk, small talk
Small talk, small talk, small talk, small talk
Small talk, small talk, cough, cough, cough, small talk
Cough, cough, cough, cough, cough, cough, small talk
It's a new day now, weeks have passed
A photo of daffodils
Ah, this is a nice surprise
This comforts me, daffodils
She sent a photo of daffodils and said they came and went fast
I told her about mine, and how lucky I felt to see them this year rising up
We lost track for a bit, her and I
I was in the dumps for many days and nights
And I know that she was too and that she was crying
Because I was told about a message that she left on somebody's phone
I tried to patch things up by sending a photo of orange California poppies
Those were her favorite, but our waves at the time were still choppy
She sent a black and white of a train in Navarre
But acted like I didn't care and didn't respond
The hurt still lingers, but slightly less each day
I lost part of her to an illness along the way
But with each night that passes, I'm trying to make sense of it
To make peace with it, and find a way to cope
It's Saturday morning, late April, the view is serene
And holding onto bad feelings feels inappropriate in its glory
The water is light blue at the bottom and military tan on top
There's a light breeze in the air as I poke my head out the window
Today I feel myself healing
Encompassed by the beautiful green hills and the water
And looking at the photo you sent, a bouquet of daffodilsWo wait
Had  lfen lina  morphine
Wech m luv high l 9elb hnya no feeling
F zen9a wa9fin chrit l vide .zman dealer
Tkhmami sah SIN . tayr bih kol lila
Noss trig hnaya koulina ...
Machi ntiya bina malina
Denya douha . 3echa9in moula
Madafaka oh les mains ghir lel moula

All L wana kira hna ki rak
3erbo leblad wenta nakira
Sou'al f rassi ghira
9elbi khebtato ki ra3d
Dar E'cha3bi fel gira
Khamss hafla bel bira
WO
Ray tzid w rana mwalfiiin
Had l vide f lilo talfiiin
Talg din mo mokh gara sekran f monde
Khali ri9o nekmou . do9 chira ynesini hmom
9olbi hayb lmout . janaza w tlemmou
Yedin f poison kolo yethni kemou
Mestura khawa meztula mort hors soura
Bestu la . b sira . messouna m fo9 terrain
Toura era fi hira b chira nasi del 3irab
F sala sahra ki sarab so loud hessi ana rare

Hassi meno hassi mrara
Kolech fake même l'barage
On my way denya mirage
Hak dnubi wara dollar

Wo wait
Had  lfen lina  morphine
Wech m luv high l 9elb hnya no feeling
F zen9a wa9fin chrit l vide .zman dealer
Tkhmami sah SIN . tayr bih kol lila
Noss trig hnaya koulina ...
Machi ntiya bina malina
Denya douha . 3echa9in moula
Madafaka oh les mains ghir lel moula

Im gonna do it im aimin
Im on ma way from a basement
Fimen blame . fina daymn
Hna u dying . on a maze runner haymine
Im a free man but paying
Klaw leblad wahna saymin
Never give up . do better
Yed gira makira wana biha li ndomen
Wo wait.. faith ..dayr f molana
Li kano m3ana !madernahum mo3ana
F raya walu morana ydra wink winrana
Matjanah w tjanah f smana tir w tjina
Nhari NAR o lili jenaaaa
Dzair ghoula w ma amena
Hnaya bina manque l bena
3e9li 3e9lo meno dena

Wo wait
Had  lfen lina  morphine
Wech m luv high l 9elb hnya no feeling
F zen9a wa9fin chrit l vide .zman dealer
Tkhmami sah SIN . tayr bih kol lila
Noss trig hnaya koulina ...
Machi ntiya bina malina
Denya douha . 3echa9in moula
Madafaka oh les mains ghir lel moula

Denya dina wech jamais medina
Im done chi ma namen
Do ri mi.  si9a tkhlef dinna
Ya nefssi deny  zaman
ROH BRKWe're gonna get it in right now. Y'all niggas know. Uh huh. What it is

I'm not a duffle bag boy but a suitcase man
With documents inside to make you some grands
Have sex with hot ladies who got big cans
Big Shug baby, don of Murderpan
Whip 40 cars, got 40 scars
Got it in smash, spit 40 bars
For all of those that like to talk shit a lot
Come around the block 

No scene, the whole Bean
Eyesight of an eagle, so keen by no means
Get money like Goldstein
Grown men no teams, slow death like old fiends
Bitch rappers on my ass like old jeans
With no seam, knock 'em out like codeine
So when I'm touring, the first in space
Like Yuri Gagarin, Edo will surely determine

If you dudes think I'm pussy pay a gynecologist and check me
Right handed niggas get slapped lefty
Cash is the reason I mash but I'm poetic too
I'm bad to the skeletal my beef is inedible
Singer and Special Teamz, bound to wreck your jeans
Big Shug brings pain you can't heal with morphine
From Boston to Berlin the cash disperse
Count all my euros or get laid out like astroturf

You can catch me driving a 'Lac with tires that's flat
Open bottle in the lap and I'm wired on 'ngac
I owe bookies out the ass ask Calvin and Pat
They blowing up my phone but I never dial them back
I hit the liquor store dwelling like a loaded whirlwind
Split for tour now they tell me we gon' go to Berlin
I got the rum up in the cup and the soda swirling
I'm a fat fuck rubbing the promoter's girlfriend

They call me Red Light Jizzle when the semen hits you
Laser guided one puddle launch a penis missile
You pussy, put the shoes on, I've seen 'em fit you
I'm in Munich serving German hoes wienerschnitzel
Turkish broads blowing cock like a Tootsie Pop
Outside of the kabob spot
It takes like chicken, smells like beef but truly it's red
Half white, half black, what type of moolie is that?
Jaysaun, head of my home wherever I roam
Fifty euros for the fuck and suck, but thirty for dome

That's what it is baby. 40 bars. Special Teamz, Big Shug mayne. We on the other side of the world smashing shit the fuck up. Y'all know what time it is. And don't jump up on the motherfucking stage cause you will get a headcrack. Ya feel me? Boston bitches, hahahaBitch, you're crossing the line
You're out of line
This little heart of mine, mine, mine
Won't let it break tonight, night, night
Crossing the line
Ending my life
This little soul of mine, mine, mine
Pray you won't take it tonight, night, night

Yeah, ayy
I know that you don't love me for me, it's the money (Yeah)
I know that you don't want me for me, kinda funny, funny, funny
Ain't you the same bitch that was talkin' about me?
Now you love me, love me
Wanna fuck me, suck me, touch me
Too bad, I think you're so ugly, ayy
It's funny how things turn out when you got money
From nothing to something
These bitches be coming
It's hard not to fall in love, I'm trying
Rip my heart out my chest, I'm dying
Here goes some advice a man once told me
Love them and leave, that's all you need
Their heart is yours, you play for keeps

Crossing the line
You're out of line
This little heart of mine, mine, mine
Won't let it break tonight, night, night
Crossing the line
Ending my life
This little soul of mine, mine, mine
Pray you won't take it tonight, night, night

Yeah, ayy
I'm sick of bitches, they got me twisted
Yeah, ayy
Blocking my vision, drugs in my system
I love the heartbreak, I play the victim
Put down the codeine, pick up the liquor
Bitches on morphine, they love prescriptions
They love to use me, I love to let them
Yeah, ayy
They love to hate me, I love to love them
Yeah, ayy
They wanna fuck me, I think I'll let them
Yeah, ayy, ooh, oh, ooh

Crossing the line
You're out of line
This little heart of mine, mine, mine
Won't let it break tonight, night, night
Crossing the line
Ending my life
This little soul of mine, mine, mine
Pray you won't take it tonight, night, nightEvery morning I take my pills and you do not know me. I watch the birds weep across the sky as your eyes change a brilliant blue, a soft green. you can see beyond me. You look at me with grey in January though it is warm still, we cannot see the ocean in any direction. We drive to Adams, TN, you move in grey and laugh in blue. We talk about your friend who has died—morphine overdose. There is someone beyond myself and you can see. You walk between the abandoned buildings and watch the train passing alone. My soul is a broken down Ferris wheel blinking electric blue and red and green tears into the expansive nothing. True blue I carry you with me
Fuck you big manYour Honor, Your Honor
I won't lie but I wanna
I got too many women
I'm so sick of the drama
I ain't got no baby mama
Maybe one that I wanna
But, I want something that's real
They only see me for commas

I want that sure thing
Someone to numb away the pain
Maybe take my last name
Her loves like morphine
Don't take these shackles off me
I don't want to be free

'Cause I'm guilty
If that's the way it's gon' be then I'm guilty

I'm guilty of love
(Dont let me walk free no)
(Dont let me walk free no)
I'm guilty of love
(Dont let me walk free no)
(Dont let me walk free no)
I'm guilty of love
(Dont let me walk free no)
(Dont let me walk free no)
I'm guilty of love
(Dont let me walk free no)
(Dont let me walk free no)

Yeah, before you read your verdict
Just remember I'm not perfect
Did some shit, you don't deserve it
Didn't mean it, not on purpose
Do whatever just to fix it
Say the word, I'm at your service
I'm no pastor or no preacher
You're no Mary or no virgin
We were once two happy people
Then it all just started curvin'
We let demons take the wheel
And then the car just started swervin'
I need you to give a reason
Don't be nervous, is it worth this?

'Cause I'm guilty
If that's the way it's gon' be then I'm guilty

I'm guilty of love
(Dont let me walk free no)
(Dont let me walk free no)
I'm guilty of love
(Dont let me walk free no)
(Dont let me walk free no)
I'm guilty of love
(Dont let me walk free no)
(Dont let me walk free no)
I'm guilty of love
(Dont let me walk free no)
(Dont let me walk free no)In order to
Say thank you to you
I must do it intentionally
But tonight with every breath
I can feel my death
Sure as I can feel my knees
You were my modulation
So that's what you will always be
We took each other higher
We set each other free
Course, neither of us were wearing helmets
And our blood was just everywhere
And when the morphine kicked in later
The censors threw their hands up in despair
And that's when the truth came marching in
And promptly pulled the plug
But you were better than any drug
You were better than any drug
In order to
Say thank you to you
I must do it intentionally
But tonight with every breath
I can feel my death
Sure as I can feel my knees
You were my modulation
And that's what you will always be
We took each other higher
Then we set each other freeLittle Bitch
Count these bars
Little Bitch
Count these bars
Little Bitch
I'm gonna engineer a sinister scheme to injure your team
With a body pin I'm tearing the sewing right outta your seam
I be bullying faggot rappers, I'm hoping they push
Skulls'll get crushed and their brains'll get left floating in mush
It's plain like daylight or like needles and hooks
It's pain like rusty nails stuck in your foot
You wanna play mind games I'm leaving your brain choking
A slice I slit in your forehead; SLIP IN A TOKEN
My breath is sizzling hot, I'm passing goons in it
Then cut a hole in your head and toss a spoon in it
To give mixed feelings to whoever is tombed in it
The split dreams like split spleens and loose tendons
At nightfall I'm fiending to fight ya'll
Make a wrong move, an elbow to your light skull
Going against me is thinking like you ain't gonna die
Or skinny dippin in hell thinking you ain't gonna fry
Ya'll don't really want it
What ya'll wanna do 
Ya'll don't really want it
What ya'll lookin for 
You get pinched into place if you try to hate
And if you say my rhyme ain't great you get stabbed in the face
With the opposite end of the mic, I'm ending your life
With the stupid comments you made the timing is nice
I cut off the top and make you share a piece of your mind
And pump morphine into you until you think you're seeing through grids
And when I flying hammer those missing pieces you needed I'll feed it to kids
Cause when I'm in the hood my loco-motive is
To dice your brain apart
With two gold hammers for fists I grind your bones to salt
Then hit you with a side car to break your train of thought
Yeah  you can't say you saw it
It's pointless to test when you know your body is numb
You wanna spit hot shit like me then sit on the sun
Then make straight off with the gas and get hit with the gun
Niggas you earned it cause when you mix with the likes of me
You get stuffed in a thermos
Then properly shanked and butchered then tossed in a furnace
When you touchback the quarterback will call an audible play
Then spike balls in your knees and have you crawlin' for days
Yall don't really want it
What yall wanna do 
Yall don't really want it
What yall lookin for She is the future
And a prophetess
Also oracle
Spaced out in timelessness
Cool rider
Sukeban fighter
A wallflower tripper
French kisser
And exhilarated now
Higher, higher
Deep trance and soul dances
Soaking winds enhances
Peyote walker
Sweet talker
Soul stalker
Spell weaver
Receiver
Herb-stink shaman
A morphine woman
My opium girl
The free grass world
I name it, your music
I name it exalted
A restrained shaman
I name her Arethrean
Oh my comedian
Oh my Delphic
Oh my turpentinesParoles de L'Morphine "Intro (Besse7a W Ra7a)"
Yeah
Ddib chi stylo khoya lah y7fdak
27 sna wmazalin m3a had lblya hadi(wa yeh) lah y3rfo 3lina akhay
Yeah! Total ki gha ndir
Klami debba7 klami debba7, yeah!
N3as bo lfi9 ynEl bo lfa9r
L'morphine M-psy kif mabghiti
Ahya Ddib...master
Emm
Anbdaw

Lkerch kat3mer katgol lras ghenni
Ana kerchi khawya galt lya rappi
Labes k7el lbilad k7el rras be3ed meni
Li mena yji lina li menhom yzappi
Oustoura f memlaka nod rowweni
Chayf w 3ayf matsennach meni lcalamité
Fer9 kbir bin chabiba w walt disney
Fer9 kbir
Rap tfa b9at ghir Total tsni

Klami debba7 skouti ki lkfen stour stock
Stork heineken
F rjel scotti pippen
F yeddi stel sbagha n7iyed lwan inwi
Smta k7la chinwi
Scott storch bellati 3ayenni tem
Men zehri jit fblad 2M w I.T.M
Manfi9 hta l minuit
Blad couscous w michwi
Sebboura mayla f 9ism ki bghiti nkon silmi
Morphine robini wnta mazal katsgui lma
Rap lperimé 3teh 3elf lbgar f lfirma
Total katzad bla permis khod bla 7ichma
Lakounti 7essad matddi la 7a7a la mella7a
Total 9ba7a khelini men ini7a ini7a7a
Total mixtape ma3ndi mandir likom a chetta7a
Total mixtape... bseha w ra7a
Ay... bsaha w ra7a
Morphine, Intro, Total yeah

Lkerch kat3mer katgol lras ghenni
Ana kerchi khawya galt lya rappi
Labes k7el lbilad k7el rras be3ed meni
Li mena yji lina li menhom yzappi
Oustoura f memlaka nod rowweni
Chayf w 3ayf matsennach meni lcalamité
Fer9 kbir bin chabiba w walt disney
Fer9 kbir
Rap tfa b9at ghir Total tsniVentolin and Vivarin and Primatene
Secret tequila shots and a patch of morphine
In the morning and in the throes
What a great day to come out of a coma

I've been in the hot seat sweating it out
Oh, sweating it out
Sweating it out
Sweating it out

I touch the telephone it falls away
I think they call it empathy
But not this way
I put my lips on the soundhole
My tongue is finally warming
But my brain is charcoal

I've been in the hot seat sweating it out
Oh, sweating it out
Sweating it out
Sweating it out

Not much later, fall out of favor
Pretty soon I know I'll do
Precisely what I wanted not to do

Maybe I slipped up and learned a lesson
To work my proclivity towards second-guessing
I was too naive and enthusiastic
To keep my trap shut
And my monkey in a motherfuckin' basket

I've been in the hot seat sweating it out
Oh, sweating it out
Sweating it out
Sweating it outStraight like that, play the bat, fade to black
The game lay flat, pull a lame name out the hat
Take em off the map, eat his food and get fat
Fuck a buck 50, give him a 3.60, erase his history
I'm hard like a taste of whiskey, move like a gipsy
In a blue king vivid, pull out the dub hippy
You too iffy, I'm sickness skippy, I'm sticky
Choose bitch too picky
Keep it sour, respect the shooter, inside your head it's your register sooner
Maneuver, it might turn up to be a tumor, the radiation came from the computer
Gun in the case, replace the toolbox
The hook realer consumer like toner
10 chucks, the cold got me held up in the cobra clutch
It's tough, ivish to trust, Egyptian mush, shoot outs and dusk
Winds gust with thrust, knock your bitch I'm a cluts, sorry
Armani tux, mami rock the body glove
I snuck the shottie in the club, but it's all love
Stop me baby, that logo raw
Stop me baby, that logo raw
Knock your fucking head off nigga, let's get em
Stand in the halls with the fiends
Serving saltine bling queen Philippine
These are morphine dreams, and the flat screen machines
No books, just magazines
Lights, cameras, nights at the copa cabana
I'm no obama, my name's on the banner, bitch
For how I use grammar, the cayenne come with the scrambler
The lame niggas gave the game cancer
Carver till my face album on my pogo
With 2 bad hoes canoodle, beat the pussy brutal
Kick the poodle, body like a fitness guru
She kiss the ring for the king approval
Ah, tracking vocals that's a black opal
Million dollar gun twist noodles
The disposal, gold revolver, code of honor, bad karma
Still cop some land in Santa Barbra
Bare handed, we'll pull them all in out the harbor
Did it in ... my bitch do what I taught her, breathe underwater
The key order rock 3 quarter, a good pimp should never have to lay a finger on herThis is scary-us
We can make you delirious
You should have a healthy fear of us
Too much of us is dangerous

It's the Undertaker with the bags of the boom
Open up a tomb, bad corpse, I consume
So follow me down this path unto the left
Doctor death, I piece the flesh like a chef
Insides we shook when I cook tasty
Human flesh and blood's go good with pastry, hate me
So bust your gats, you cannot kill that
Whatchu can't see fleek, so how can it feast?
Infra reign supreme, I make 'em all scream
Decompose your corpse when I've risen from a dream
Morphine, I fiend for more spleens, so what do you mean?
Demon of evil, it's eye slaughtering the scene
So you go to church to try to clear up your sense
I can't stop the madness, Tempest Wins!


It's a bigger digger figure deceased nigga
Finger will pick the trigger, doing drive-by's in the Vicka
You're a MVP to shepherd dead body
And I envy thee that try to cross country
So who wanna wanna wanna slay that man tonight?
But don't fright, I betcha won't pack my tec in my  but yet again
It's a Flatline domain for using my name in vain
I'm able to produce more aims, more aims (choking heads)
I put 'em in order, demons, I thwart 'em
The 666, I caught 'em, tort 'em, and deport 'em
A sartorial disaster, moving faster, blaster
Uprising, surprising, guising, analyzing
Erase from your temptation, creating human inflation
Who might like dwell in the heated destination?
One twist of this makes me pissed so you won't be dismissed
Vanish black fist in the abyss


This is scary-us, a test of the
Emergency, you better beware of us 'cause we
Left to cause  gets pushing with your brains
As ceiling's drip, drip, dripping like it was raining
I got a sharp pain inside of my cranium
I keep hearing the screams of teens when I'll be aiming 'em
They try to attack then I flip and turn to Wolfman Jack
Rigor mortis, it's sword swing stack
Who's that, behind the door, coming for you?
Are you sure you locked the door? ('Cause we're horrible)
Human race erased the place, killing for days
Filling the graves in your blood is how I get paid
You're all welcome to my graveyard, slave
Hard as I, burn you alive, now he's alive
This is the ary-us, coming to bury you in a box
This is scary-us, so scary-usWaterlogged skies and orphaned stares
Embrace a world of stripped out color
Catatonic my gaze is frozen
Pruning skin clasped in soldiered prayer
This deathscape a gargoyle with its own heartbeat
Arteries flow with greying blood
Virga erupts in a morphine downpour
Mildewed eyes stare straight through it
Staring and waiting still
Lungs flooded with ether
Eyes rolled over black
Are you closer to heaven
Or closer to hell?
Driftwood skin fastened
To bones cast in salt
Fade to black as lips slowly part
Words fail me submerge and drown
There is no current just a stagnancee
These lungs would rather burst than spare me breath
Spit out the air and sink to the bottom
DrownedParoles de L'Morphine feat Amine 16-3 "Hadchi Li Kayn"
هادشي لي كاين أنا لي بديت و بديت غي بالقليل أنا لي جاي
هادشي لي كاين أنا لي سهيت مانسيش لي خاين غاع لي نساني ليوما غايعرفني
هادشي لي كاين أنا لي بديت و بديت غي بالقليل أنا لي جاي
هادشي لي كاين را حياتي كتوبا و عندو لاش نساين أنا تايبغي ليا راسي
هادشي لي كاين

هادشي لي كاين لحقيقة لحقيقة عشيري لڭايم حديقة حديقة
تيقة خيوطها رقيقة عبيقة بغا زريقة
عتيقة تقدر تكيها غير بعقيقة هدا علاش داوي بهاد طريقة
راپ ماشي غي ستيلو ؤ وريقة ؤماشي غير تهز من لجريدة شي تنقنيقة
تمثل حميقة ؤلا دخل فلبيت طقطوقة تجمع جوقة
بنادم لي طايب لولحمو تي جيه ضق دوخة عتق شوكة
جاب بلوطة بغا يغرزها فظهر ضرب فيا خانز مامات من بعد تشوكة
شاف نقاط أنا كنتعشا هوا عاد كيفطر
پومادا لمورفين پومادا كتشد غي فتنادم مكتشدش فتاتا
مونادا بغا لفيل مونادا حفلة فلغابة فهاد طراك تعزلنا أنا وسطاش تلاتة
دير عقلك آراپ ديري عقلك آدولة

هادشي لي كاين أنا لي بديت و بديت غي بالقليل أنا لي جاي
هادشي لي كاين أنا لي سهيت مانسيش لي خاين غاع لي نساني ليوما غايعرفني
هادشي لي كاين أنا لي بديت و بديت غي بالقليل أنا لي جاي
هادشي لي كاين را حياتي كتوبا و عندو لاش نساين أنا تايبغي ليا راسي
هادشي لي كاين

دولة حطاتها شي حاجة كتخطف لبلايص بصح ماشي طاكسي
لعيشة سر طاكسي خدام فابور بفلوسي هاد لكلام تنفاكسي
حيت مضوپي برولاكسي دولة حشماتني سول ؤ سقسي
را مفروض عليها تغسل وسختي ماشي غي تهبل ؤ تخشي
كان عدنا أمال ؤ قرينة كبرنا لقينا غير لمهبل ؤ لفرشي
تانراپي بلعقل ماشي بكرشي
ماشي بجيبي را خاصني لعاقة علاش شحال داير سبسي ؟
بصح تقداو لالبوم باش نضرب شي بومبا لنفسي
حياتي نبتي دولة تبتي هادشي لي كاين ترينيتا ڤا تو كاصي
داكشي لي دايز غي ترينينا لحتو پاسسي
شلح ؤ جد جدودي ماسيميسا حسبني غي شميسا
تفيق لعرب وتكلاسي عيسى
بغينا تواسع آسي
ميصاج كريپتي لمورفين غير مسطي راس عاصي
هادشي لي كاين دير إيفاصيLove and other moments are just chemical reactions in your brain
And feelings of aggression are the absence of the love drug in
Your veins
In your veins
Love come quickly
Because I feel my self-esteem is caving in
It's on the brim
Love come quickly
Cause I don't think I can keep this monster in
It's in my skin
Love and other socially acceptable emotions are morphine
They're morphine
Cleverly concealing primal urges often felt but rarely seen
Rarely seen
Love I beg you
Lift me up into that privileged point of view
The world of two
Love don't leave me
Because I console myself that Hallmark cards are true
I really do
I'm gunning down romance
It never did a thing for me
But heartache and misery
Ain't nothing but a tragedy
I'm gunning down romance
It never did a thing for me
But heartache and misery
Ain't nothing but a tragedy
Love don't leave me
Take these broken wings
I'm going to take these broken wings
And learn to fly
And learn to fly away
And learn to fly away
And learn to fly away
I'm gunning down romanceShh....Terror Squad
Ha Ha Ha, No Limit
You know you don fucked up right?
Ha Ha, Pun
S-E-R uh V
Nigga, what up, what up, huh?
Nigga what?

From NY to NO, motherfucker biggy sized
My motherfuckin platinum, nigga this is for sho
Yall don't know
Nigga Pun represent Terror Squad, I represent the tank
Ya need to go to the drive, to hustle get the small change
Nigga we got the fuckin bank
Nigga ask P, if I ever broke rank, nigga I can't
Nigga I come to your muthafuckin town, slap the fuck out of you nigga
And surely put a tank on your chest
Who the fuck you playin with
Nigga why the fuck are ya'll scared when you see the tank around my neck
Nigga what ya'll wanna do, nigga I stay rowdy
Nigga I; fucked up and talked about yall bout it
Yall don't know me, that's why yall can't fuck with me
I was born not to lose
And how the fuck it gon hit me between this bitch, I choose
Nigga let's play a game of family fued
One, never see my real name
Two, how the fuck you gon bounce with a nigga like me when you can't take pain
Three, it ain't nuttin, that's why I'm fuckin with Pun
Nigga so I can get my muthafuckin money, get the fuckin job done

Big stun with the big guns
Serv-On get yo swerve on
New York to New Orleans
Shit is doper then morphine
Hit the streets gettin more creme
Making all the hoes scream x2

Ey man but the hardcore created of the side of momma boritore
Why keep all the war, shit store to seperate corridors
Songs drippin the art of war, sympanies by morely more
We got it all, pore, the squad follows the protocall
Speakin of protocall, I'm the protocall, when you go to war
Cause my death count amount to war overall, so don't abort
You can't handle the rock, I'm be standing a block
If you just hand me the Glock
I be the rock like enro, Glock like wino
Eye bumped, when your glocked get the drop top demo
What's the problemo, dose of espanol
Anything is stutterin is Pun, the da, da
No Limit, scared to death, you ain't got no hair in your chest
My shit is Chuck Norris, you look like two bears having sex
Gots it outta here, like Samson I generate my power and you outta here
I was around with two hundred bottles of beer
It ain't fair whoever said life was sweet, your wife with cheat
Everything was nice in the streets, advice of the week
Pack the biggest bottles of the pills on the shelf
And swallow the muthafuckers cause you better off killin yourselves


Shit
Nigga I done come motherfuckin two thousand miles
Just to make you bitch ass niggas understand
Uh, Terror Squad, No Limit
Ha ha, real shit nigga
Ha ha, soldiers, players
This nigga here
I got the biggest muthafuckin man on the coast nigga
Pun nigga, you fuck alot, I blast alot
Put that together nigga, ain't nothin but money baby
And number one and a fifties
You bunch of bitches
Bitch ass niggas out there
Craig BBreathe me in now
'Cause every second's painful
Every second's painful
I can't take it no more
Breathe me in now
I'm the air you long for
I'm the air you long for
The rest of the world is a blur

I need you, need you here with me right now
I need you, I'm addicted to your love

I just can't get enough of you, you
No one can make me feel like you do, you do

Take me higher
Me my medication
You're my medication
I need you more than you know
Lips like Morphine
I'm intoxicated
I'm intoxicated
The rest of the world is a blur

I need you, need you here with me right now
I need you, I'm addicted to your love

I just can't get enough of you, you
No one can make me feel like you do, you do
Ten more minutes till I'm trippin', I am freakin' out
I'll go crazy in a second, gonna let it out
I just can't get enough of you, you
No one can make me feel like you do, you do

Breathe me in now
'Cause every second's painful
Breathe me in now
'Cause every second's painful

I just can't get enough of you, you
No one can make me feel like you do, you do
Ten more minutes till I'm trippin', I am freakin' out
I'll go crazy in a second, gonna let it out
I just can't get enough of you, you
You, you ‒ you, you

Breathe me in now
'Cause every second is you, youRebbi li 3alem 9ddach bnadem jawh 9as7in slalem
Syasat l9ma9em tbe3 f telj f lpharmacie dwa l7la9em
Khwi lbzatem bi3 o chra, nek7ona l9waleb
Hada 3lach hezzina l9walem
Magltch l a9lam hit makntch tilmid mwadeb
Chft dmayat f lmawsem, galoli kayna lhiba f lkhwatem
Kbert f wst lmine w lm9aleb, bin l3in w lmkhaleb
Meli tchofni mkhettet wachm gol allah ghaleb
Finma kayn sse7 w serieux ana m3ak la3b
Lhadra diali 9arn jdid mat9arnohach blmchaheb
Cha3b tale3 habet hta yeddi mol amana amanto
Kayn m3aya lfahem wakha n9der nkon ghalet
Kolha tay3rf ssa3a ghir men maganto
W fl insan kwaneb

Bdat l9issa men tofola, fachla
Men zhar tnfkhna f had lmaghreb, fechna
A dada, man howa hada ?
Kon makbert m3a l7eddada, ga3 ma ssif diali yemda
Bhal derham 3omla jebt lgamma ttay7a
Allez wlad bladi lberrani maychette7na
Olala, tnfkhat lbo9ala
Kon makbert 7da cheffara kon mayedi tkhfaf f ketba
 x2
Manasich tol 7yati dayz
Li 9eddami w jay ndowzo
Chad tri9 w mazal twil
Mazal t7ir w twsel L'morphine

Bdat l9issa men tofola, fachla
Men zhar tnfkhna f had lmaghreb, fechna
A dada, man howa hada?
Kon makbert m3a l7eddada, ga3 ma ssif diali yemda
Bhal derham 3omla jebt lgamma ttay7a
Allez wlad bladi lberrani maychette7na
Olala, tnfkhat lbo9ala
Kon makbert 7da cheffara kon mayedi tkhfaf f ketba

Zid m3aya w3lem walidek, normal
Rap machi 9hiwa te9ra fiha journal
Bla matb9a m3a rassk mddareb w mforci
Wila bghiti message ma3ndich lforfait
Ana n3iytlk bsmiyt L'morphine
Nfiy9k w ndor fik, w a7san message howa kon fenn
Kon f State wla f l Munchen
7yatk Golden mrebbi lkerch
Wla m9orsen moustache Pringles
Wahd bgha ychri lkenz bdouble pix nnems
Tme3 ta3oun wana tame3 f motamar 3awdo lfri9, l3az
L'morphine maykhlikch tn3es, l2insan kamoun
Maymknch Travolta ytzowwez w ynsa l gadoum
Kima man9drch ndir clip w mandirch forsaton
(l'morphine)
 x2
Manasich tol 7yati dayz
Li 9eddami w jay ndowzo
Chad tri9 w mazal twil
Mazal t7ir w twsel L'morphine (l'morphine)

Bdat l9issa men tofola, fachla
Men zhar tnfkhna f had lmaghreb, fechna
A dada, man howa hada ?
Kon makbert m3a l7eddada, ga3 ma ssif diali yemdaParoles de L'Morphine "Wildat 2020"Matdasroch 3liya 7it katart les tracks
Ghatsali lmixtape ghatb9aw tgolo fin l'morphine o rap fin ?
9bal man nmote 3ala9ni postira
Tla3 ro7 nb9a plaque
Machi claque w machi clap
Ymken dyal bye bye rani wsalt m3a rap flma7kama ltla9
Yeah aha L'morphine 2020
Pam param eh pam param
7arak m3aya rassak hazak idik lfog bach negrissik
Mam7tajch m3ak masque
Tabi3i w tan gol li frassi, dayr f domaine plaisir

Talyani 3lik 3ayat li Buffon
F chtrange kanrba7 ghi jenb 3ayat le fou
Tinnin choja3e ftouri 7ror o thon
Ta sala tisa3 3andak a baba 
Katsam3oni katalfo dirouni tiffo
Mimkanch nkhsar
Vedi Veci tangolha man daba w matjbadnich
Latfakar l7ma9 f drib l7jar, galtlik le fou
Ana f liman o rap lmaghribi f lisar
7sabni rebel la kan dmaghak mtisa3, 
Kola nhar b track, teba3ni t7ma9
Mixtape matraque, tan7gar bih 3la wlad zwa9
Silsilate fofo, zine zina w 39alha khokho
Hakada na7no, f l7aya défaut
Za3im w Netro ba9i tandwi bsmit'hom nfakarkom f chauffe-eau
O matnsawch telfaza l9dima 9bal maykhroj LSD l'écran
Artiste o katmana les commentaires f Facebook
Yalah tfiti Rotana o katsawal 3la kaskita baseball (layhdik)
Danya tbadelat rah 7na golnaha rap mate
Mab9a gha l'archive a lbaz9ol
Ina radio o ina festivalate
Danya 9a7ba o nta katbos fiha
Chouf Michaël Youn kifach 2atar f Momo Bousfiha (meskine)
L'morning live, 2002 yalah wsal l'maghrib b style lma9joj
Had lhadra postiha

Jam3o l adawat bi3o dozane
Rap 3rafto mate nhar chafto f 2M
F9adt swab, machi chowafa wala garab wala général
Wila l9itini f chi journal 3rafni généreux
3al lebghal ana, f t9ar9ib nab
Ghandawikom la chadkom l hbal
Lyom ki bda t9al9il lajyab taban lakom
Ansawal 3achrani l9rab lakant tanbalikom
Lyom ki ta7 jifa rado m3aya lbal
Matkhafoch 3la l'mosta9bal rani tanbnih likom
Taman mazal, 3la tani l7sab
Jaib trip jdid, tarifa khfifa o t9il l7sab
Hadra man l7did hdartkom plastique
Latrkha lastique adreb 3la blastak
M-Psy casse tête mtenter l basket
Kamlate f cascade casque 3la wadnik sadd
Makayn ma nkob w ntoma sa7ra 3atchana nachfa
Ila kobite lma f ramla hako diro zarda
Ila tkabo 3likom drari donc fikom zamla
Zal9a wa7da manklam zan9a
Tkatar man l7amad tchadak 7ar9a
Tkatar man l M-Psy direct l michna9a
Cha3l lmiche ana, 7seb les rimes 3el lmistara
Far9o jo9a salat l7al9a Em: ألبومات / Albums
9achla - Jib L3ezz Wella K7ezz
A-MED - Underground M9attar
Awah -  Le Retour
B.I 4 - Fin Al 3chaka
Darkout - D.O
Darkout - With Or WithOut PEACE
Don Bigg - Mgharba 'Tal Moute
Erore - Lmaghreb
Faat Crew - Lkhatwa Lawla
Fez City Clan - Fès
Fnaire - Yed El Hanna
Gamehdi - Inti7ar Mousi9i
Hell-Ouaf - Net-Tape Volume 1
Hell-Ouaf - Ard Essalam
Katana - Life Style
KeniClan - Halwassa
Koman - Da Fowda
Muslim - Bghini Wela Krahni
RoS - K7el Olla Byed
Sem Leklam - Trik Char
Style Souss - Hayar Nouchkad
Zanka Flow - Dem w Dmou3
: ميكستايبات / Mixtapes
Bad Mic - El 7a9
Casa Crew - Khatwa
Chaht Man - Chrou3a D'Rap Vol. 1
Cut Killer - Opération Freestyle Maroc
Darkout - Undifined
Gamehdi - Haycha
Hospital Underground - Matkhafch 3lina
Imperial Skillz Empera - Imperial-ism Vol 2
Lil MC - Red Mic
L'Morphine - Maxi Mighnatis
MarStyle - Rap Du Bled
NTA - Haine T-A
Rabat Crew - Sem Rim
Salah Edin - The Official Mixtape (Preview To The Album Horr)
Thug Face (9achla) - 9amouss Zna9i 1
Thug Face (9achla) - 9amouss Zna9i 2
Violator Mic - Casawa
Wllad H1 - Wllad H1
WolfStreet - Style Rap
X-Side - Come Back
Zetra - Ma Vision Du Monde

: أعمال أخرى
يناير
فبراير
مارس
أبريل
✓ 25/04 Fez City Clan - Fes Bladi  (Paroles / الكلمات)
ماي
يونيو
يوليوز
غشت
شتنبر
أكتوبر
نونبر
دجنبر
✓  (())Paroles de L'Morphine "Albomi"
The blind stares of a million pairs of eyes
Lookin' hard but won't realize
That they will never see the P

Yeah
9 snin f domaine quand même
Maxiyate o mixtapes (mixtapes)
9 snin ya gholam problémes
Taxiyate o risque khayb (jit o jayb)
A album hit tayb
Eh malkom bghito rayb
Ejiw chriw lmsayb (yeah) cho lmsayb (yeah) yn3al dine li mcha lkhayb
Ey chfar l9ayd l'morpho 9essar w zayd
Khassna lmssayd
Fay9ine 3la wad rap
3tarfo ana jadd rap
Khafo o sado lbab
F rap ana génie nghani 3al lghdayd
Nfara9 3la lklab papier hygiénique
Msarno nayda lksayd
Ana galo li nakritak ana jay nla3bo tennis
Sa7bi ila kan le9dim lkhizo, ha l'album pénis
Gyrophare l'Wilis
Lkhal3a jibo o 7at kleenex
Msa7ha tsib o 7afed klami
7choma rendez-vous l'cent people (yeah)
Album madayrch l7sab cible (yeah)
9ad bikom dak sba3 mano had chible
M-psy, 9 snin bach ikon level
Hadchi, producteur hak chèque
Na9ni lamadakhch l3alam
Chna9niThis next track is rated PG for "Pop-punk Garbage" and "Probably Gay"

I tripped over, I'm on morphine
Touch my dick, I'm only fourteen
I tripped over, I'm on morphine
Touch my dick, I'm only fourteen

I touched dicks with my scout leader
He showed me how to masturbate
I touched dicks with my pastor
He showed me how to pass the plate
I touched dicks with my Rastas'
They showed me how to pasta bake
I touched dicks with an actor
He showed me how to pass the blame
I touched dicks with the castor
He showed me how to pass the bait
I touched dicks with your mom
It showed me she was gay (No, you)

I hate my life, you can suck my bell-end
I hate my life and you can't comprehend
I hate my life, I don't have any friends
I hate my life and I want it to end

You whore

I tripped over, I'm on morphine
Touch my dick, I'm only fourteen
I tripped over, I'm on morphine
Touch my dick, I'm only fourteenUh-huh , Yup, O-K. Whatever
Don't try to talk to me like you know what this is
Yeah, I know I might have symptoms that are familiar to you, but.. I got this
Thanks anyway..

Don't let this eat me alive
I only can see this world from the inside
And I'm holding it inside
Feel like I can cock it back and let it go
And nothing's making sense
And I have no patience for anything
So I'm going on everything
Somebody get me out of here

You don't see what I see
So how the hell you gonna stop these voices
In my head, that got me awfully rocky, do you copy?
Traumatized much, from homicide, what?
Don't wanna flip, but mama I must be the one I trust
I ain't got no friend, I ain't got no grin
But I'm macho when I lock, load, and I block foes in
When I stop souls in a rock, hold, I'ma drop those sins in a box so slim
Inside of my nog' grows grim
By heard, it goes deep
I serve and go weep
A vertical leap when you're alert in your sleep
Was a word of a treatment, somebody murdered more peace
Inside of my third it's so bleak
Done so much dirt I go leap to chief

Don't let this eat me alive
I only can see this world from the inside
And I'm holding it inside
Feel like I can cock it back and let it go
And nothing's making sense
And I have no patience for anything
So I'm going on everything
Somebody get me out of here

Where am I?
Flashback to that hospital bed
Wires lead to the holes in my chest
Can't rest, don't have control of my head
Strap me down, shut me up, pump that IV bag full of meds
Morphine in my veins, so what's this pain?
Am I alive or dead!?
I'm SICK of these fucking cold sweats!
Try to sleep, but get no rest
Ask for God to throw me a bone
He threw a noose and said, "Go fetch!"
Grabbed that rope with both hands, wrapped it around my own neck
Jumped when I felt my neck snap: I woke up in my own bed!
I'm tired!  I'm living inside a hell!
My head is a fucking prison, my body's a fucking jail!
Sentenced without a trial, my soul has been set as bail
I'mma lose my fucking MIND if I don't get out of this cell!
One more minute, just one more night
One more round: get up and fight
Take those blows 'til the bells start ringing!
If I go out, I'mma GO OUT SWINGING!

Don't let this eat me alive
I only can see this world from the inside
And I'm holding it inside
Feel like I can cock it back and let it go
And nothing's making sense
And I have no patience for anything
So I'm going on everything
Somebody get me out of hereL'morphine
L'morphiniya Logha Rasmiya
Bien sur ghir mlagha

Kolchi m3awej f' lblad
Mafhamnach had l9wada
Gol m3aya 7al l3bad
What the fuck ! gol limada

Gleb, denya walate 3alam digitale
Bnadem iwsel wakha maykunch capable
Ghir iban sexy , ne3tik mital chof si9an Méxès
Ti dafe3 3la frança 7it jayeb ro7o f les mégapixels
Chad lmorphiniya logha rasmiya bien sur ghir mlagha
Ama li kharej men dar dbagha
Ri7to f Texas wisky ! l3alam wala parano bnadem f dmagho lghaha
Tafkir dectatori b7al f'lmagho lmagha
Chad lmorphiniya kola kalma b'mawdo3 , hakda tandiro m3ana tghagha
Rod balek ra 3andna 9chor l7ote a lmakhlo3 , ila walafti b talk ghogha
Swaggi plutôt Linkin Park
Mickey Donald Pluto South Park
Chakhsiyat kaynin ghi f zen9a bghiti tfarej 7ol bab darek
Meknès hiya New York , l7bol hiya Central Park

Kolchi m3awej f' lblad
Mafhamnach had l9wada
Gol m3aya 7al l3bad
What the fuck ! gol limada
Kolchi m3awej f' lblad
Mafhamnach had l9wada
Gol m3aya 7al l3bad
What the fuck ! gol limada

Zan9a kat inspiré
Lmojtama3 comique matkhayelnich ghi kas bera tansbiré
Mefchoch daba ncolek , ncopier colek
Men dossier lkalkh l dossier 7na l correct
M3ak l'inspecteur Derrick
Ila f karchek tben 3ale9 ra ll3afya ghansiftok direct
Chad Lmorphiniya men lmamno3at
B7al Hassan El Fed 9bal maybda yda7ek l3ayalate
Ana tanl3ab l baseball o rwapa ti la3bo l'cricket (glab)
Katsana menhom 9anbol ti tiriw briquet (glab)
Lmaghribi may3refch 7ta 7o9o9o besa7 mtabe3 lghram d'Shakira o Piqué (a glab)
3aref ba3da 3lach tzaditi yak 7ite 3atiha gha lmakla o chiki
3G w l'WAP, bdaw ti m7iw khbar la M.A.P
Denya walate 3alam dejital o l7amdolah li kayen rap !

L'morphine
L'morphiniya logha rasmiya
Mafhamnach! ach had l9wadaBack in the day you told me I was all you had
Never would I be lonely, never would I be sad
Oh, I wish it was that simple
Oh, funny how things change
You get, I get mad, we yell and say things that we don't mean
That burn green through the pan like morphine
We've come so close to giving up
Somehow you always end up

Right next to me
Right next to me
Ohhh, right next to me
You're always right next to me
I-I-I

Why do you stay, why don't you go
Thought you would've had it with me by now
How did we go down this road again?
Somethings will never change
We back and forth, we up and down
We clash like two weak sound
From Kingston Town
Dub fi dub inna di final round
We've come some close to giving
Somehow you always end up


So many times we've said goodbye
But next time will be just like the last time, yeah
But I keep falling into your trap
Too many drinks, and too many shots
Boy you got me like that
When I see you, I fiend you, and then we've fallen right back
I-I
I know you feel the same way
We break up to make up
That's why you always end upYou hold a single rose, I am wearing black
Do I have the right to take it?
Cause I don't want it, I don't want it
As you pull me close with your heart intact
Then I know I have to break it
You say you love me, you'll always love me

Come to think of it
I've always let you down
How ridiculous
You want me around
Cause my heart's not in it
I've got to kill it now

So I'll give you one last kiss
I will seal it with my morphine lips
You won't feel it when you're numb inside
I will let you die
With a final touch, you're going under
Cause it hurts too much to watch you suffer
When you're numb inside
I will let you die

As you're falling down, the fatal bliss
On your knees to save this
You don't know me, you'll never know

Come to think of it
I always let you down
How ridiculous
You act so profound
But you just can't see it
I've got to kill it now

So I'll give you one last kiss
I will seal it with my morphine lips
You won't feel it when you're numb inside
I will let you die
With a final touch you're going under
Cause it hurts too much to watch you suffer
When you're numb inside
I will let you die

I'm not the girl you think you know
And not the type to let it go
I see you want to take control
So throw your glass against the wall
With one kiss I will save you
Want this? I will let you drown
Let you drown

So I'll give you one last kiss
I will seal it with my morphine lips
You won't feel it when you're numb inside
I will let you die
With a final touch you're going under
Cause it hurts too much to watch you suffer
When you're numb inside
I will let you dieListen to my heartbeat
Yeah, all fall down someone help me off of the ground
Listen to my heartbeat
Yeah, all fall down someone help me off of the ground
Nelson and Starr
He's got ten grandkids, she's the third missus
He grooves around intensive care, strutting his stuff
He's got a perfect mullet hanging down his back
And Starr walks in, gives a little wiggle
Makes old Nelson grin
He tucks me in, touches my feet
"Hey buddy, you know you got a slow heartbeat"
Listen to my heartbeat
Yeah, listen to my heartbeat
And the marching band plays along
Plays the morphine song on the charity ward
Yeah the marching band plays its song
Yeah, all fall down someone help me off of the ground
Yeah, all fall down someone help me off of the ground
And opposite me Brenda the alkie coughs so deep
It's the drugs and the drink
It could happen to anyone
Sure makes me think
And the bed beside her is full of cables and leads
Nobody visits, nobody grieves
Listen to my heartbeat
Yeah, listen to my heartbeat
Nelson and Starr
He's got ten grandkids, she's the third missus
Starr takes some blood out of my arm
Rolls me over just like that
Listen to my heartbeat, slow but clean
While Brenda the alkie looks so mean
They wheel her out, she starts to cry
"If I don't get better, I'm gonna die
I'll go cold turkey till I'm clean
I'll go to jail but you get the morphine"
Listen to my heartbeat lalalala lalalala
Yeah, listen to my heartbeat lalalala lalalala
And the marching band song
Plays in the morgue at the charity ward
Yeah, the marching band plays its song
Yeah, all fall down someone help me off of the ground
Listen to my heartbeat
Yeah, all fall down someone help me off of the groundSharpshooters Regime, Godz Work Regime
Baby J all the way, smooth as Alize
Yo, yo, General Grym, yo
Locking it down like the federal pen
Yo, we gonna start with the hook

I'm about to wreak havoc on the beast this year
Labels ain't trying to promote this here
Commercial radio shows, they just don't care
The savior of the rap world now appears
To my peers on the pavement, time is near
To my peers on my wavelength, have no fear
Ten years of politicking made me aware
My soul is more precious than rap careers

I'm holding lives, armies of God immobilize
Reclaiming scrolls, stolen by spies holding fives
My mother's swollen eyes prepared me for warfare
Busting off cold in your ear with more flare than the 4th of July
My Sharpshooter regime got the prototype to blow a mic
You couldn't see me in infrared photo light, I'm so precise
You know the Poet's nice, carrying the tubes made of gold and ice
Marching through your outpost, causing outbursts
Caught you in your house, cold made your mouth hurt
Just saying my name is a federal offence
Now you fucking with the Hip Hop general whose attacks
Is indefendable, your weak spine is bendable
Your weak mind is pretendable
It wants to act sensible but lacks intelligence to pull it off
You only understand the bullet talk
Instead of talking that bull, you should've walked out my territory
My clever stories sever corny put-together measures lyrically
I'm like a terror orgy, you rap niggas *snores* bore me
Made me into this sword carryin', cord varyin'
Lord buryin' fraud barbarians
You know the gods twist it like Bavarian pretzels
Plus, I'm never respectful to those who are neglectful
Of their duty to civilize
As they minimize the power of a live mic
See, I maximize all cracks in their vibe, just to provide light
And only the strong survive, so I keep the rhyme tight


Modern scientists clone cows and sheep, just from grown cells
Manipulate nature where guns fail, war tactics vary
Our adversary has various ways to bury us ex-slaves
Of America, every day could be your last day
You could be blasted the fast way, caps stray, then ricochet
And flash gray matter, while you praying to the Father
Kissing the coba, kids in the corner is turning the streets into a sauna
In the black homes, while the black dome
Lacks the backbone to recapture the black phone
You got Aryans all up in your face
And y'all bugging off who got the fucking hottest mixtape
In New York state, war schemes, your plot to war Feds
And plot lace the block with crates full of Glocks
See, they got more fiends fiending for morphines and more rocks
Than Plymouth until it's hot for the timid street chemist
Got more bass than DJ's got bass-bins
Jakes'll pull a raid and stomp at the cops in combat
Mortals are charged like Raiden
You caught off guard, now armed guards excort you to court
Offices where officers offer certain deals
Which appeal to the snake mind
Yo, it ain't hard to find fakes: from clothes designs
To jewels, to mixtapes, to the way niggas rhyme
Yo, I'm fed up, me and the gods set up
So every other team get fucking wet up


Yo! Yo! I'm too hype to finish this shit! Yo!Fallait pas la féconder, fallait racheter des capotes
Mais tu t'es bien fait gronder et, dans deux jours, elle avorte
T'es sorti picoler, tu viens de rentrer
Elle te demande de la réconforter, là, faut pas rigoler
C'est pas facile vu que t'es torché, faut pas rigoler
T'as envie d'blaguer sur l'IVG, faut pas rigoler
Tu sens l'émotion qui l'assaille, la tête posée sur son bassin
Tu dis : "Tu veux qu'on l'garde dans un bocal ?"

Fallait pas rigoler
Pourtant, t'as rigolé
Fallait pas rigoler
Pourtant, t'as rigolé

C'est le rôle de ta vie, le plan le plus cher du film
Tu dois t'raser la tête pendant l'explosion d'un building
T'as été pistonné mais, l'ciné, c'est ta passion
Le réal' vient de crier : "Action !", faut pas rigoler
Tu veux prouver qu't'es bon acteur, faut pas rigoler
T'entends l'bruit du détonateur, faut pas rigoler
T'as les sinus qui piquent, rien n'pouvait t'arriver de pire
T'éternues sur l'objectif avant d'éclater de rire

Fallait pas rigoler
Pourtant, t'as rigolé
Fallait pas rigoler
Pourtant, t'as rigolé

Tu t'es trompé d'étage à l'hôpital
Tu te retrouves dans l'unité de soins palliatifs, c'est abominable
T'entends des cris d'agonie que tu peux pas ignorer
Tu croises la famille d'un malade, là, faut pas rigoler
On dirait des cris de plaisir, faut pas rigoler
T'as bédave avant de venir, faut pas rigoler
Soudain, t'es pris d'empathie et, pour t'en sortir
Tu te lâches et tu dis : "Moi aussi, j'veux d'la morphine"

Fallait pas rigoler
Pourtant, t'as rigolé
Fallait pas rigoler
Pourtant, t'as rigolé

Tu dansais dans la rave party, tu t'réveilles dans un cabanon
Séquestré par un type sans répartie dont l'esprit vagabonde
T'es isolé, terrorisé
Donc t'essayes d'ironiser mais, là, faut pas rigoler
Il a une voix ridicule, faut pas rigoler
Il est trop petit son pull, faut pas rigoler
Tout ça n'est pas si marrant mais, là, tu te rappelles
Que, pendant la rave, t'as pris du gaz hilarant

Quand t'as l'estomac noué, quand tu bois la tasse
Le rire, c'est ta bouée, c'est ta carapace
L'humour, faut bien l'avouer, peut sauver la face
Mais, parfois, vaut mieux pas glousser, attendre que ça passe

Fallait pas rigoler
Fallait pas rigoler
Fallait pas rigoler
Fallait pas rigoler
Pourtant, t'as rigolé

Fallait pas rigoler, pourtant, t'as rigolé
Fallait pas rigoler, pourtant, t'as rigolé
Fallait pas rigoler, pourtant, t'as rigolé
Fallait pas rigoler, pourtant, t'as rigoléVeni
Vidi
Vici
L'morphine a 3chiri

L'morphine jdid f7al fl7did W
Sta9bal klami f khyot l ADSL
Darba ratba khabta zanda mrakab double fiche
Fara9 lfanid 2010 l'anniversaire
Ba3na rwa7na chadina tasbi9
Ka7alna bih snana o taya7na ch3ar f nas tri9
3almona walidina galolina ha wadnina
7na chadina l danya wadniha o zayanaha bel39i9
Maskota o ma7ya fel bri9
Ma3rafnach ki ghansaliw wach tari l9obna
Bghina n3icho b tari9tna
L7olm kbir 3lina o li tari 9adna mtchabat ghari9 bi ghari9
Ta7t soma ltariftena
N3ass kho lmoute o l3gaz khoh ch9i9
(N3ass kho lmoute o l3gaz khoh ch9i9)
L'morphin-phine
Had lkhadema matkon ghir dyal chi wa7ad mri-ri-id

Veni Vedi Veci jit chaft o rba7t
César wla Da Vinci bab tarikh  li fta7t
Insaniya malayir sinin
3mar bnadam benisba ldanya tanya mclassi lta7t
Veni Vedi Veci jit chaft o rba7t
César wla Da Vinci bab tarikh li fta7t
Insaniya malayir sinin
3mar bnadam benisba ldanya tanya mclassi lta7t

Makinch lblayk f tri9 ljana 7arna
Chafna bnadam darab lmic f 9artakhana gharna
Jat man lwilayat mrabta hakda kbarna
Déja coca kayna zidona cocayina
Pharmacie lfarnass farkas l3absa
Ch7al gyrophare tformataw l7assassa
Pharmacie cha3b chra 9a9a l7amera
50% lba9ya préférate lviagra
Pharmacie dhar 3waj ljar7 khmaj
W Aouita l’athlète khasso kilo sparadrap
Pharmacie wa9fat 4x4 tab3ateha RAV 4
O l'R4 saygha bo 7mara

Veni Vedi Veci jit chaft o rba7t
César wla Da Venci bab tarikh li fta7t
Insaniya malayir sinin
3mar bnadam benisba ldanya tanya mclassi lta7t
Veni Vedi Veci jit chaft o rba7t
César wla Da Vinci bab tarikh li fta7t
Insaniya malayir sinin
3mar bnadam benisba ldanya tanya mclassi lta7t

Veni Vedi Vici jit chaft o rba7t
7ayati kant akbar ba7t
3amri nba7t ghi sakat ta fla7t
Charchada danya fach kanchof wratni bzaf d3awi
La9atnii b chi r3awine
Khrajt bla 3dawi
Insaniya tonadi
Sma7li maranich ghi dawi
Chad lba7 tandawi
L3onsoriya, ifri9i canadi
Ighri9i bidawi, 7choma ftali
Insane 7ayawane 3i dawi mdalameha
Rabi li khla9na nazal l9or2an ddawi y3alamna
Had lhadera 3amameha
21 9aren litalaf 10 snin makanch 20 9aran
Lbnadam dar lgarn li blah bla3 chahewa wla fel7ayat 9aran

Veni Vedi Veci jit chaft o rba7t
César wla Da Vinci bab tarikh li fta7t
Insaniya malayir sinin
3mar bnadam benisba ldanya tanya mclassi lta7t
Veni Vedi Veci jit chaft o rba7t
César wla Da Vinci bab tarikh li fta7t
Insaniya malayir sinin
3mar bnadam benisba ldanya tanya mclassi lta7t

Veni Veci gol3raft yeah malayir sinin ah mclassi lta7t
Veni Vedi Veci jit chaft o rba7t
César wla Da Vinci bab tarikh li fta7t
Insaniya malayir sinin
3mar bnadam benisba ldanya tanya mclassi lta7t2012 mar7ba
Yamkan l9ina lalko7ba
Jalba manf3och taba
Cha3b khtar talba
Had wlad s3aya
Lajin diw 3la cha3b lmaya
Ghal9aw rassna l9ina nkhadmo
Nhar lmodir tjawaj 9a7ba
Sir m3aya o bla farta twa7ach lvinile
Aljawda dayra 3awda
Na3tik darss bla manchakal lik
Machi 3la batle saher tal zok lil
7ok jib o ara ticket
Wla nekritk critiqi
3arfak 3assas
Chof l'morphine ki mtaki
Wila magaltchlik ra dmaghak tsata b djaj l Kentucky
Nta chaki nta lbaki nta l7assas
Tancham ri7t l'apocalypse
O nta dayr m3a jamtak katcham gha ri7t l mille feuille o l'avocat mix
Kicks a sa7bi kick skikik m3ak l'morphine l7e9i9i
Duracell f l7ajra maghatl9a disque tatch3al fog rassak
Notification 7amra hdarti f l cacho dada 3achra
L'morphine majamak o pas risquer
Madirch b7ali ana li khalit lham f dari sken
Sakra mora sakra à la mort à la vie
O ga3 li bghaw ilas9o li tickita
L'morphine falsafi l'morphine salafi ichtiraki
Dabar chi rekin l'morphine 9amar
Kolchi dyal sidi rabi tan7awal n3ich ast o mkhabi
Madiha f ta chi requin ta chi masmar
Jomhori tirkab lmwaj fham o ghamad 3inak fola
3ichti 3icht bof9ir dawazt lyom b poker
Daba rba7t rap 3andi joker nique sdar partarte mixtape
Sma3 a bachar aykhwi zolya dak sa3
Flow man fo9 l beat taymchi machyat l7mam
O rap maghribi wala b7al chi chalotiya kharja man l7amam
Bsora HD lma3e9ol li howa lklam ma kin ma tdi
Ch7al karkart mani tasma3t l clash chad lkhonta machi l7ota
Bouzebal walaf itarta9 3liya tota 3la wa3di
Makinch ichkal a 3abd nebi darti sowa9i
Mohim diro li bghito sarto dfal la nta wa la khalak wa la dj 3owa9i
Khadam blma ana makinch sloka li tla9i
Kin lah o f rap lhad sa3a kina totalParoles de L'Morphine "La suite ( lmkhoukha 2éme Partie)"
M-psy (ah), Mido 4.8 (ah)
L'mkhokha (am), matl9alnach la fuite (ah)
Ji 3 partie (am) o nla3bo 7 8 (ah)
Chadatak dokha ... wa tsana la suite

Salam a lmossi9a
Yak ga3 kraw salom bayt sa3do katro b salim
Ma3raftch chkon sandid
Li sba9 lo fan ola li tsa9lo fin
3nd cycliste zle9lo l vanne
Mjaw 9lala chrachra n9iyin
An3tik lya9in
Homa li 9araw dak l calamar bel mondiale
3arfk menhom t'en a marre wana matalbch tchemni o zid 3ad chi bon dyal pétrole
Khli9ti da3t dahes amar sabat roule 3acha9 dad ki chris partak
Golo bla may concurrer
Yjib tob mal kan kari
Y3zalna chi taba9a howa tobbogan
S7ab tibi9i
Khadmo b logique Descartes : ana nfakar donc mowjod ana monchid
Khod man 3andi l crédit card
Nkhalas man cash lmorchid iba3dak 3la rap o y9arik lmonjid
O nta 7adarli lfoul tri baghi ncham lhwa n9i
Ncham nechmakh f sma ah l3fan filtré
Fahmo bali lghna conscience stakhdam fih la patience
Raya7 f kwanak hadak kassi yes

Li mana yji lina
O li manhom yb9a tam - li mana yji lina
Li manhom yb9a tam - li manhom yb9a tam
Li mana yji lina w li manhom yb9a tam

Ndir contact raj3a b nefafar
Ana hna jay n'zanad l fraran
Full-contact m3a lkmamar
Da3t 7yatom f tbi3 ztazan
Mala9in ta bach isakto lmsaran
Testé o 9aran
Bghaw idiro tawra
B lsane o lbzazal
Setro l3awra
Sado chrajam
Char hajam o nazal
L'Morphine bel 3raram
Katchabho ki t9achar
L7ata San Fransisco
San farnisso la 9alabna likom lbzatam
Protex périmer o flouss Libya
Kleenex o permis mjalakh b lobya
Ticket tribune match l'Maghrib w Namibia
O adresse hotmail dial Maria Rubia
O yaw yaw man lfo9 o clashi L'Morphine
Anlwilo l3ro9  li nwa yanta9am
O li mana yji lina o li manhom yab9a tam
Ha li golna - L'Morphine k3a - awiliya - hallelujah
Had titre howa laf3a (howa laf3a)
Pratique machi théorie aji nchofo 2éme catégorie
S7ab lpipi 16
Paco Rabanne Lacoste Apple wel pistache
Ha wa7ad btassam ha joj ha lmlayan
Li mana yji lina o li manhom yab9a tam
Désolé li t9as mab9tach l3azla pile o face jabt lbale o lfasse

Li mana yji lina
O li manhom yb9a tam - li mana yji lina
Li manhom yb9a tam - li manhom yb9a tam
Li mana yji lina w li manhom yb9a tam
Li mana yji lina
O li manhom yb9a tam - li mana yji lina
Li manhom yb9a tam - li manhom yb9a tam
Li mana yji lina w li manhom yb9a tam
Li mana yji lina
Mido 4.8
L'mkhokha matl9alnach la fuiteDownload me, kill me
I know, what I do
Time dreams are everywhere
They're watching you, too
When life slips away
Fear tastes the kill
Death teacher find me
They know what to do
Morpheus calls me
My future is here
Sleep not to dream
The meaning unclear
Down morphine passages
Throughtcybersex pleaze
To terrormorph images
Of viral disease
No time in space
No planet of hate
All ethics fade
In this silicon state
I stand at death's door
There's no need to knock
Hands of tomorrow
Winding death's clock
Morpheus calls me
My future is here
Sleep not to dream
The meaning unclear
Down morphine passages
Throughtcybersex pleaze
To terrormorph images
Of viral diseaseEncaged in a memory
Encaged in a prison of guilt
Surrounded by reproach
And everybody knows
She flies over town in white shades
But you're left behind
With a thousand troubled minds
You cannot speak, you're blinded by your grief
She flies over town in white shades
And guides every step
But still you feel alone
'Cause angels don't come home
As the sky is clearing
You clear your mind
Hide all mirrors not to see
What the morphine couldn't hide:
Shattered faces on the floor
Your broken mask serves you no more
She flies over town in white shades
But you're left behind
With a thousand troubled minds
You cannot speak, you're blinded by your grief
She flies over town in white shades
And guides every step
But still you feel alone
'Cause angels don't come home
She flies over town in white shades
She flies over town in white shades
She flies over town in white shades
But still you feel alone
'Cause angels don't come home
'Cause angels don't come homeAll i saw around me was dead pictures in motion
Remote controlled reality. casually feed the fallacies you've been holding
Cloned misdirectedly by veture industries, 50 brain slugs, shitty tascam
Should've uncondesnsed the memorex, instead it's prom night abortion trashcans
Ashtray facelift matrix makeshift facesplit
Mixxin sizzurp with the purple nurple pschodelicate space shit
The placement of statements sways and change with the cadence
Aranges leonard roxstien revolution lines, phanlanx and asciic
The fang tooth jabber jaw muck scrambler brain rapist
Escape artist, contain targets, he's strange heartless, his face shapeless
Dan halen death traps paprika flashbacks
DC mini infiltration infantry six tabs and i'll hack that
Tongue twister laugh tracks, appendages and glad bags
Garbage pail facemlter shelter acetelyne torch and gas mask
So when the vampire squid fetuses eat the children of raps failiures
It'll be sort of like a cleansing but it'll never cure what ails us
(8 bar break)
..strait out a comic i vomit jim kelly comets I'm bombing
Islamic vans nitroglycerine in cargo compartments
See what you spit is retarded, it isnt even cathartic
Equivilence of organ harvesting missing prescription narcotics
Woke in bath filled with ice, they had him layed out like christ
Wish fulfillment ICU a blind man wishin he could see what its like
I grab ahold of the mic, mechagodzilla device
The influental mentalist pencil existential instrumentals precise
Rogue squandron cyberdine crawled in through the air grates
So i could splice the noises in my head with the beats off jon connors mixtape
Hopped in the delorean, after i chloroformed the auditorium
(the night a) morbid morphine scoring emcee decided the mortuary was boring him
And if its man vs ape I'm the monolith, dominant sentient
Akira bendin predicates instead of perpetual pettiness
Ettiquite of alchemy hoopty/hovercraft chimera transmutation
And this tire murdered mary projected intravienous cathode fixations
(8 bar break)
(and then) the spiders and centipedes circle the eyes of your enemies
Alabama liquid snakes and barrels terrordome, tearin your memories
Comparable mnuemonic circuits perverse symphonics with organs
Disecting animitronic androids converting 8 bit recordings
Moody grifter listening to the misfits bitch think you can walk among us
We go where eagles dare my legacy's brutality mephisto waltzing with magic fungus
Static age sponge soaking up a sea of mediocre pollution
Takin caller #9 for technicolor el phantasmo illusions
In this this fourth circle inferno, ironic that this prodigy
Could be pigeonholed and oddidty maybe its the shut it down philosiphy
Commodity proffit unions fusing monosyllabic parasites
Dilluting symbiotic youth reconstituted loops, double truths, calling it paradise
Surrealistic drips off the dali lips llamma clocks spittin persistance
You're a millenial cunt hair...metaphoriclly non-existent
Keep flipping scripts kid i'll keep scripting out russian novels
Go back to flipping big macks for those green backs at mc donaldsParoles de L'Morphine "L'3arab Fél Fayla9"
Che3li chicha bach chofa tzid tzian
Bach nchofo ach daro 7fad l3dnan
Khatr3o zero 3lach sem7o f 9or2an
B9aw f zero 3ndo flous o 7fyan
Teb3o chitan mni l9aw pétrole
Zdi7 lkisan wisky b citron
Men lguiton bnaw 9sora kolchi dakh
Bedlo naga b tali f Maybach
Afin a sa9itat afin al3ahirat
Afin a ljaryat a lmaghribyat
7amla masounya w l3arabo jonod
Nokhba kamonya mchdoda bel9oyoud

Telkhis mo9adima 3ard khatima
Fel 9abalya lmka7la w lkhima
Terkhis lmoakhira lmard sari9a
Ljahilya l3adawya w lwalima
9is lkhcheb 2omat l3reb re9esni
3ich l3jeb blach teghdeb rah 9asmin
Solta jabarout w cho3ob 7asla
Semta l rjal Beyrouth l9imam fachla

Namo ya 3arab wala tastay9ido
Faman faza fi 3ahdina na2imo
Chkhirna mesmo3 f lkora l 2ardya
Dazt 100 fanta w kantsennaw f l9adya
Tobo ya 3arab wakha matfi ddo
Fa jilon 3ala ma fa3ala nadimo
Fekkro f wladna 7ebbes l 2ananya
Lmadi me9toul w lmousta9bal tanmya

Meslmin l mafatin msellmin
Fin ga3 ryos li 7akmin
Itafa9o 3ala an la yatafi9o
3i9o ya khout lmawta

Tab3in nsara b7al mozmoz annous
Lkalakh 7erek lbot djaj w louz
Lgaz w lmazot phosphat w l7out
Lkas w lmenotte lkasol ynod
Lfay9 yte7bes belfasoukh ymout
L3ay9 ytekhbech lghasol ykon
Jibo foulana moulat silicon
Li f Rotana hya li tgheni likom
L3reb f lfayla9, sa3oudi zre9
Lmaghrebi 7me9, dzayri chne9
3la lmisri 3te9, imarati chfe9
3la soudani sre9, lkowiti chhe9
F loubnanyat 3ele9
L9eddafi d3e9, 3la che3bo smek
Tounsi 3re9, 3nd balo nze9
Filistin ghra9, w l Jazeera tgherre9
Wlmirikan tfere9, lihoud tle3e9
Wl9a3ida terte9
W matb9ach tiye9, machi dima
W matb9ach tiye9, machi dima

Namo ya 3arab wala tastay9ido
Faman faza fi 3ahdina na2imo
Chkhirna mesmo3 f lkora l 2ardya
Dazt 100 fanta w kantsennaw f l9adya
Tobo ya 3arab wakha matfi ddo
Fa jilon 3ala ma fa3ala nadimo
Fekkro f wladna 7ebbes l 2ananya
Lmadi me9toul w lmousta9bal tanmya
Meslmin l mafatin msellmin
Fin ga3 ryos li 7akmin
Itafa9o 3ala an la yatafi9o
3i9o ya khout lmawtaYou tell me a lie
Not quite sure if it is, so I won't mind
No way around it, started off as a white one
And now it's all that I can see with my eyes, whoa-oh
You tell me a lie
Started off as just a little white one
And now it's a color, I can see with my eyes
Our love is a problem, maybe we should go home

And we could take my way
My way or the highway
Never feels the right way
But I'll shut down around it, it's a wreck on every second of mine

And you could shut me down
Love it when you just decide to cut me out
Baby doin' what she want, who are we now?
Probably triflin' the whole time, your lies the backbone of it
You construct me down
Love is just another way to morphine now
Love when we're together but it must be now or not at all
Love it when you love and lie, babe

And what a colorful lie, baby knew I saw
And baby know its a lot but you'll be glad you called
I'm runnin' you into mine, never been my problem
Know I saw it, maybe we should go up, back
Where you slide, off-center, done when you call
Baby you tried, all I know is it ain't a problem
Baby, you'll fall, you tellin' me like now
On a slippery mountain to fall in my doll

And we could take my way
My way or the highway
Never feels the right way
But I'll shut down around it, it's a wreck on every second of mine

And you could shut me down
Love it when you just decide to cut me out
Baby doin' what she want, who are we now?
Probably triflin' the whole time, your lies the backbone of it
You construct me down
Love is just another way to morphine now
Love when we're together but it must be now or not at all
Love it when you love and lie, babe

And we could take my way
My way or the highway
Never feels the right way
But I'll shut down around it, it's a wreck on every second of mine

And you could shut me down
Love it when you just decide to cut me out
Baby doin' what she want, who are we now?
Probably triflin' the whole time, your lies the backbone of it
You construct me down
Love is just another way to morphine now
Love when we're together but it must be now or not at all
Love it when you love and lie, babeNow you know you gon' respect the law
"Well, I got some shit too, nigga!"
Yeah, nigga travel far
"You respect my shit and I'll respect yours"
"You respect my shit and I'll respect yours"
"You respect my shit and I'll respect yours"

I traveled so far
I'm chewin niggas lyrics for a Mars bar
New era, bust em like reign terror
So highly mechanized, a nigga died and measured
The inevitable, beyond the ever so, this deadly technical
Scribes get revised in the time before celestial
No being or lyric ever hit precise, double sight
Take light, through the crypts at night
Spark pathetic brains and meteorite
Seven heaven verses the seven wonder, lyrics of thunder
As lightning strikes snakes out from under
Cloudy men drips, sinks Niles of fine mist
Worries startin to give, land for the tales out the crypt
Of the dark, dead senses, gods of heavenly business
Count Dracula told me how to find the eclipse
I leave your lip stitched
Cause you couldn't mind your business
But when it came to this rap
You should've vacated the premises
Make way for a chilla, guerilla, down low killa
Get loopbtin civil, next up

Yo I believe that's me
(Aiyyo P get on the mic for the NYC)

P attack you from the metronome
Catch you in your groove home alone
Blowin wit the chrome, nigga
I'm blowin to the bone
My title be known, cannibal, dynamical maestro
Sparked and fully hydroid my team of psychos
Sell it higher than the Eifel Towers
Seconds minutes led the hour, wein the power
Spittin bibles, the sunshower, the wise out on the scene
They think we forget the dream
My aura sheens like morphine in your veins
Pastors saying can you and your crew, oooh stand the rain
Many men possess the gin in the jungle of sin
Deeper than, Sunn chosen others frozen
From the explosion, my opposition
Protect my team of demolitions, full competition
Keep em drinkin Benjin
Like some chicken heads on the ground
Bite the trey pound for foes that wanna get down
Me and my clique sharpen the sound
Infiltrate the town town town

Next up (yo I believe that's me)
Aiyyo, Razah get on the mic for the NYC

If I could chew glass to this, true master shit check it
Hell Razah raise from the dead black Lazarus
Hittin ass to this on King Sols mattresses
Bust your gat to this, make sure you hold it accurate
John the Baptist this dip you wit the fish
Aladdin out the genie lamp grant you on your wish
Trapped in the studio booth and told the truth
You better try a video shoot or get the boot
From BK to Beirut we shuttin down groups
Gatherin the loot while you mackin in a chicken coop
Duck duck goose tie him in a noose
Whats the use of havin your troops if you don't put them to use?
Yall rappers couldn't blow if a windy storm produce
And sung a kiddie song and wore a Power Ranger suit
Salute the first fruit, King David birth root
Play the earths flute just before I execute
Next up

Yo I believe that's me
(Aiyyo Meth lock it down like LAPD)

While you proceed to cut the mustard, I cut the cheese
Mr. Freeze givin cold shoulders to mcs
The sickest of disease
Johnny Blaze at three hundred and sixty degrees
My PLO stees is from here to overseas
Guerillas in the mist swingin from the highest trees
Bombin enemies
See me in the global war being all that I can be
Camoflauge fatigue, hard headed major league
Got em under siege your battleship in sinkin
20,000 leagues beneath sea level
Adjust the trebel on that thang thang got your shovel
Can you dig it? Keep talkin bout it while we live it
All day, every days a Billie Holiday
Lady sings the blues get the street news by the way
Have you heard crime pay?
Hit your block like that lava that burnt Pompeii, mega hot
In the melting pot, felt the shot around the world
We unstoppable like Juggernaut baby girl
Armed and dangerous treat militia, Ill make you famous
Gama-radiated verbal going through changesIrene, goodnight
Irene, goodnight
Goodnight, Irene
Goodnight, Irene
I'll see you in my dreams

Sometimes I live in the country
Sometimes I live in the town
Sometimes I take a great notion
To jump in the river and drown

Irene, goodnight
Irene, goodnight
Goodnight, Irene
Goodnight, Irene
I'll see you in my dreams

I love Irene, God knows I do
I'll love her 'til the seas run dry
If Irene turns her back on me
I'll take morphine and die

Irene, goodnight
Irene, goodnight
Goodnight, Irene
Goodnight, Irene
I'll see you in my dreamsI've never been the one to back down
So you better step away
You can see me moving that crowd
I've never been one to play
Asked who's real and you sat down
I guess I knew you were fake
Now you wanna say you run my town
Bitch, get outta my way
Get outta my way
Yeah, get outta my way, uh
Get outta my way
Bitch, get outta my way
I guess I knew you were fake
I guess I knew you were fake, yeah
Now you wanna say you run my town
Bitch, get outta my way

Look, they never seen a white boy so clean
They call my girl KD, she got no ring
I must have mold, cause all of my dough green
I never say pussy, 'less I'm talking bout yo team
Aye
If you ain't feel this, you on morphine
All I really wanna do is get more green
I know I make your skin curl like chlorine
But a motherfucker been at it since he was fourteen
You against me?, better pass the mic
I want all my money now, I ain't asking twice
I'm finna blow soon, bitch get back inside
I'm already so hot, imma add the spice, uh
Yeah
I'm the leader of the gang now
All my friends getting cash, call that PayPal
I guess I'm the new thing, I got great style
And the new fame is something I can almost taste now, uh

I've never been the one to back down
So you better step away
You can see me moving that crowd
I've never been one to play
Asked who's real and you sat down
I guess I knew you were fake
Now you wanna say you run my town
Bitch, get outta my way
Get outta my way
Yeah, get outta my way, uh
Get outta my way
Bitch, get outta my way
I guess I knew you were fake
I guess I knew you were fake, yeah
Now you wanna say you run my town
Bitch, get outta my way

I got people on my nerves, I got money on my mind
But they call me Steph Curry when you put it on the line
I remember when I used to skate, uh
I guess that's why they say I'm always on my grind
I've been doing what I want, but you know that's the usual, I'm the dopest, case closed, like you at your funeral
I can tell they watching me, cause you need something new to do
Business ain't personal, I'm sorry if I'm rude to you
It's almost like they never got my back
I know it ain't a coincidence, so copy that
It's like I'm climbing to the top, and I ain't got no slack
So real people make me happy when they cop my track
And they used to hate me, now they saying I'm the coldest
Bitch I been frozen, and I know that you know this
I still bring the party back but I been staying focused
Feelin' like I'm chosen, for now I'm just coastin'

I've never been the one to back down
So you better step away
You can see me moving that crowd
I've never been one to play
Asked who's real and you sat down
I guess I knew you were fake
Now you wanna say you run my town
Bitch, get outta my way
Get outta my way
Yeah, get outta my way, uh
Get outta my way
Bitch, get outta my way
I guess I knew you were fake
I guess I knew you were fake, yeah
Now you wanna say you run my town
Bitch, get outta my way올림픽 대로 위로 돌아가는 BBS wheel
한강 위 은하수로 hitchhiking
어제의 친구가 오늘은 적이 되는
이 도시의 자장가는 Dry Martini 아님 빌어먹을 피로
위안으로 떨어지는 Gold Aronamin
때론 간절해 nice cars and gold
지나친 각성 의식에 주입된 Morphine
분석이 필요한 불안정한 정신 like Sopranos
매일 사나운 몰골로 침대로 꼬꾸라져도
지겨운 밥그릇 싸움에 몸이 소스라쳐도
이 짓거리 밖에 할 게 없는 듯해
달팽이관에 hi hat kick snare를 펼쳐
내 낡은 Nike Blazer가
차가운 보도 위를 즈려 밟을 때면
난 거대한 system의 장기 말인 듯해
내 꿈과 희망은 말기 암인 듯해
난 좀 더 게걸스러워지고
한강을 뛰쳐나온 괴물스러워져도
구도자의 가면을 쓴 위선자는 되지 않기를
기도해, pray

광대 밑에 그늘은 나의 고민의 쉼터
광대 같은 삶은 좀 지쳐
친구들의 절반은 자정이 넘어도
일을 멈추지를 않아서 밤의 경치는 색채가 짙어
하고 싶은 말, 남이 듣고 싶은 말
어색한 유머, 하하하
Social network 언어는 Jackson Pollock
내 마음의 담벼락에 박힌 유리조각
한때 어울려봤지, 시작점이 다른 이들과
친절하고 부드러워 보여도 냉정한 우월감
그 힘에 의해 적당히 통제되고 있다는
그 불쾌한 감정이 날 더 철장에 짐승으로 만들어
뭐든 물어뜯게 만들지
먹잇감이 되거나 고독한 포식자가 되거나
선택을 강요하는 문명이라 말하는
차가운 철근 속 세련된 정글

이 도신 거대한 studio
이곳의 삶은 만들어진 movie scene
물건들은 소품이고 전부 배우들 뿐이지
실제로 어떤지 보다 어떻게 보이는지가
더 중요해진 이곳에서 진심은 사치품이지
소설보다 더 이상한 비현실적인 각본
반전은 없어, 오늘은 어제를 찍어낸 탁본
다 똑같고 사는 게 재미없어
천박하게 씹어대, 쩝쩝, 남의 치부라는 팝콘
물어뜯지, 그걸 보며 다들 웃지
다 즐기는 사이 누군가는 울며 손목을 긋지
이 추악한 시나리오는 누가 쓰는지
절대로 묻지 않는 게 차가운 이 도시의 규칙
한계절도 힘에 부친 만들어진 영웅들
꽃이 피고 지듯 쉽게 잊혀지는 얼굴들
대중의 뜨거운 열광은 한 순간 식어 절망이 되곤 해
하지만 아무도 관심 없어 결말은
Sin city 널린 건 쾌락뿐
결국 돌아오는 건 허무라는 공허한 대답 뿐
난 언제나처럼 얼굴에 회색 분칠
나조차 속이며 도시라 불리는 이 세트 안에 숨지Hey, baby‚ you the one sold me the drugs I'm gettin' high on‚ come on‚ man
Yo, don't fuckin' walk away from me, nigga
I sold you those drugs so that you could make money
You forgetful motherfucker
You got high‚ so you fucked up, nigga, you
Oh‚ I fucked up?
Yeah, you fucked up
This is a Shaap Records exclusive
Shaap shit only
Fuck wrong with these niggas?
Niggas know my name, nigga, Big Lordy
The one thing I don't play around with is niggas, man, you hear me? Yeah
What's the motherfuckin' dealy? Fuckin' hear me?
Fuck these niggas talkin' 'bout?
Stop playin' with these young niggas, man
Ayy, check

I got switched up the most, some of the niggas I came up with
If you was with me before and not now, you can suck dick
On my way to Keshia house, got a tough grip
She the type that make niggas nut quick
I was raised up out of them trenches, not a fuck to give (Not at all)
Converged up and I still stuff for ribs
For niggas, I make it tough to live
His mother lost his son, I had to rub her tears
Nigga, I'm somethin' that the public fears
You already know what the fuck it is
No cap in my rap like I don't fuck with Lids
So many people I disappointed
I'm the one that's anointed
You wanna talk to me, bitch, make an appointment
You can't beat 'em, then join 'em, call heads on a coin flip
Fentanyl came in a little tube like Neosporin ointment, yeah
Defeated the odds, now we feast with the gods
I pull strings like niggas playin' the guitars
I let my nuts hang, my penis is large
The meanest of broads wanna see about ours
She fat as shit, Lord, I can see from afar
Niggas got no heart, petty ass mad got your bro up like a go-kart
Let niggas tell it, they relish
Move keys like Mozart, shit
You remind me of them back-in-the-day niggas
Asking for a dollar in front of the store
Shrug my shoulder, nothing to say to niggas, yeah
Kind of like Mitch did to Uncle Ice
I sold you drugs so you could buy somethin' nice (Stupid nigga)
You the one that took that flight
Gettin' high all night, stuffin' the pipe
Nigga, go get your life, shit
Your daddy was a rat, nigga, your set drop some mice, shit
Niggas stuck in the can feelin' trapped for life
Find the OG on the ten, well, and ask him for advice

Like what should I do?
Gettin' out of here and never comin' back to this shit

Yo, you know who the fuck it is
My niggas movin' things, we all kings, pulling strings like a puppeteer
You small ball niggas ball down, this the upper tier
Gemstone bars cut your ear, I stunt and gear this fear
My motherfuckin' nuts hang like a chandelier
My bitch ill like Pam Grier, rock Chanel and gold Cartiers
Your whole squad is queer
You're running at your top speed, sweating like a motherfucker, still gettin' nowhere (Y'all niggas is bums)
I do this at my own pace
Used to rob niggas with the mask on, now magazines asking for pics of Rome's face
Collect the currency first, a ho is what I don't chase
You prayin' to that mystery god, that shit is so fake
Deaf and blind swine eaters
Been knew the world was mine, didn't need no confirmation from a palm reader
Been through mad shit, my life a page out the Don Diva
Been a fly nigga, I get pussy with my mom's features
How I sound is like Farrakhan's speeches
I show the devil what long reach is, we hard to hear
Me and ANKHLEJOHN is morphine and fentanyl mixed
Raw shit
These niggas ain't no calm, they all corpses (Niggas is dead)
Nothing as hard as this
Sniff 'til your nose lose all the cartilage
What I record is marvelous, motherfucker

Shaap shit onlyEh yo swank Corleone coming live from the dungeon
Niggas redundant can't do what we done did
You niggas weak I Pop eye with pop fry
You feeling the feet whenever I kick it
Your socks fly, straight out your timbs, blood leaking no brim
Your thoughts lay out cuz my minds sprayed out
A nigga to bring it in, with the force from within
Swank sky walking cuz a nigga spaced out
Im killing the race now golden child no olympics
Dishin all yall prescriptions im lipscious
Got a chicken you know she was delicious
Niggas love watermelon so she got big tits
A nigga inflicted damage don't need ice
Can never resist this sadic im morphine type
So morphine turning more fiends overnight
So we shine through the prism watch us bare light

They say that what I need is Jesus, pressured by our elitists
Next in line to see this
Feeling fresh in my Adidas
Exercising sneakers,but what is it worth?
Hundreds of shirts? and fake niggas to shovel your dirt
Troubled from birth,but that ain't meaning nothing to me
Before I ever make a move that shit is up to the team
Just let my life play out while i'm stuck in the scene
Never repped the beast coast, but fuck I underachieve
My discretion isn't here my reflection getting smeared
Sometimes I get so high the cabin pressure disappears
Ain't a message hidden here just aggression getting fierce
There's no blessings in these years, bring pedestrians to tears
All I ever see in this earth is triangles
And it always ends up being myself that I strangle
When I die i'm burning in hell from high angles
I've cut off with everyone in my life with my angels
Probably won't get famous seems impossible to make it
Can sit all on my ass or I can dominate the matrix
Dead or alive ain't no music better than mine
Always talking to myself but I don't ever reply
Menacing lives cut off if you don't benefit mine
Take a view of my life through bloody medicine eyes
Till im 79 i'll be steady denied
They ain't letting me rhyme in till im dead or im friend but yeaThe north wind blows a prairie fire
Across the open plain
A light shines on a granite stone
Where someone carved my name

Sister, find the preacher-man
Daddy, call the law
Things have gotten out of hand
Here in Arkansas

An icy ring around the moon
A fire across the sky
They buried me this afternoon
And left me here to die

Sister, find the preacher-man
Daddy, call the law
Things have gotten out of hand
Here in Arkansas

Sheriff Clark, Reverend, Friend
Missus Worthington
Told my family that I'd be the end
To all they've done

Sister, find the preacher-man
Daddy, call the law
Things have gotten out of hand
Here in Arkansas

Mother raised the children
Daddy worked the farm
I was born the seventh son
Of the seventh-born

Sister, find the preacher-man
Daddy, call the law
Things have gotten out of hand
Here in Arkansas

All the elders did decree
My soul to be unclean
They strapped me to a gurney
And gave me morphine

Sister, find the preacher-man
Daddy, call the law
Things have gotten out of hand
Here in Arkansas

Sister walks into the night
And prays, my soul to save
And underneath the cold moonlight
She finds my open grave

Sister, find the preacher-man
Daddy, call the law
Things have gotten out of hand
Here in Arkansas

The north wind blows a prairie fire
Here in ArkansasWe used to be so perfect
We came together fine
It seemed like a crime
This world, so blind
We once created
More than a fairytale
Oh, how we shined
Not any more
Not any more
Not any more
Not any more
I sing for justice
Here we stand in time
Waiting for our one last shot
Shot to come in
This world, so blind
We once created
Where faked, painted smiles
Felt so naked
I was blind without a stick
Taste of morphine on your lips
Made me sick
Never learned to love surprises
Respecting how we swore
Eye for an eye
Smile for a smile
Not any more
Not any more
Not any more
Not any more
I sing for justice
Here we stand in time
Waiting for our one last shot
Shot to come in
This world, so blind
We once created
Where faked, painted smiles
Felt so naked
So naked
When your wings are torn
Distance between right and wrong
Is too short
And it feels you got nothing left to lose
Sky above falling down
You feel abused
And I don't want it
No, I don't want it
This endless mile that we are walking
Waiting for one last shot to come in
But we need it
Somehow we need it
This unknown that we are suffering for
Losing hold of what we were before
Where's the mercy
When we need it the most?
When we can't hold on?
I'll be okay
I'll be alright
Nothing can break me down
No one can hurt me
As long as you say
That you'll stay
For another day
We used to be so perfect
We came together fine
It seemed like crime
It seemed like crimeIt's a cold ass fashion when she stole my passion
It's an everlasting, it's a ghetto blasting
On the wonderwheel i let my thunder peel
I made an effort to get just what i deserve
I got all maxed out, i got faxed some doubt
I was jumping around, she was a running coming down
In the thick of a trick, i couldn't take my pick
Between a slime and a fist just to cool off your dog
I'm taking morphine
Now i'm rolling in sweat
With a loaf of cold bread
And a taco in my jeans
On the map if you glide
She's got such ugly thighs
I got taken by surprise
With the plate of flaming noodles
It's a cold ass fashion when she stole my passion
It's an everlasting, it's a ghettoblasting
On the wonderwheel i let my thunder peel
I made an effort to get just what i deserveHOOK:
Baby te lembras de tudo qq já passamos juntos
Tentaram nos separar eles eram muitos
Babe eu também não sei porque é qq eu te curto
Mas talvez porque nosso
Mas babe eu não sei
Oque vejo em ti
Baby eu não sei
Ignoro,ouvidos eu não dei
Do teu lado eu sempre estarei
Estarei
Tu és a minha number One
1st Part:
Do teu lado eu estarei
Do teu amor bae eu nunca duvidei
Eu também não sei
Só sei qq o meu máximo baby eu ja dei
Tu és o meu porto seguro
És a minha luz qq ilumina o escuro
Pra essas bitches baby não escuto
Baby acredita tu és o meu escudo
Apesar dos apesares nos tamos juntos
Tentaram nos separar eles eram muitos
Nao paro de pensar em ti nem por um segundo
Meu amor por ti é do tamanho do mundo
Me aceita só
Não me deixes só
Baby não aguento com esse teu toque
Girl eu tou chocado, quero o teu reboque
A minha cura é o teu love
Não desisto não
Eu dei-te o meu coração
Eu vou pedir a tua mão
Te digo não é jajão
No teu amor tou perdido
Não faças isso comigo
Tu não podes culpar a mim girl
Baby culpa ao cupido

HOOK:
Baby te lembras de tudo qq já passamos juntos
Tentaram nos separar eles eram muitos
Babe eu também não sei porque é qq eu te curto
Mas a verdade é qq és diferente de muitas
Mas babe eu não sei
Oque vejo em ti
Baby eu não sei
Ignoro,ouvidos eu não dei
Do teu lado eu sempre estarei
Estarei
Tu és a minha number One
2nd Part :
When I am with you
It is a different type of high
It is lunar
Feels scifi
Out of this world
Past the sky
I really hope we never a say goodbye
I wanted you so bad
And I gave it a try
I don't know why
You more addictive than nicotine
Metamphetamine
Girl you ease my pain
You just like morphine
Girl you the ting
If you're about me
Like I am 'bout you
Den I'm in
I'm crazy for you
Like we still in our teens
You keep me dreamin
And you keep my heart beatin
But Let Me Explain
Yassmin that's name
Bae you changed game
Ever since we started
Things changed
You the half that makes me a whole
Yea bae you got my soul
Marry you yea that's goal
Not going to leave you
Living a life with you is a dream come true yea
26 babeGot up early in the morning (Same old shit)
Master planning at the crib (Same old shit)
Dirty sneakers that i bought from last year, navy blue pants on
 beard in my face
Cause I ain't shaved in two weeks (fuck it)
Anyway, I'm on to the next
Got a couple L's to get rid of my stress
I gotta keep moving fast, few niggas get to last, you know

I be on my block
Thinking it, Brooklyn style skully on my head can just go
When the time low, you can catch me on the corner hockey store
You already know

I remember, it was one of those days
Standing on the corner with my homie master planning
Shit, time to find our next move

We living the fast life, we living the fast life
All we really do is live the fast life
We living the fast life, we living the fast life
All we really do is live fast (x2)

In my city, I swear to god we need some more spins
Son I'm showing no pity on my niggas, mighty morphine
I'm spitting them flares, so your ears are red, torching
I'm splitting my pasta, just slide me all my portions
And I ain't taking no breaks, I gotta go make a fortune
Now listen up study buddy, all of this shit here's important
Theres a open notion of assortments
Surfing waves and absorbing
The deadly difference of my recordings
And all regular records, rap game got boring
I'm quite impressed that they touring
In seconds my set is soaring
Reassuring they hit and reporting
I just keeping 'em guessing like what's the question for 'em
I'm just suggesting I'm blessed, I get respect from the foreigns
The loving folks is supporting
Some pulling up for performing
See the ladies still adoring
I'm warming up every morning
Guess it's just my luck
They getting struck cause I'm scoring
Out the  like  dodgers but rather Flash Gordon

I remember, it was one of those days
Standing on the corner with my homie master planning
Shit, time to find our next move

We living the fast life, we living the fast life
All we really do is live the fast life
We living the fast life, we living the fast life
All we really do is live fast (x2)Black cards
After months of debate, the Occupy Wall Street General Assembly could only agree on "More ________!"
Before I run for president, I must destroy all evidence of my involvement with ________.
Before ________, all we had was ________.
Charades was ruined for me forever when my mom had to act out ________.
During his midlife crisis, my dad got really into ________.
Everyone down on the ground! We don't want to hurt anyone. We're just here for ________.
I spent my whole life working toward ________, only to have it ruined by ________.
I went from ________ to ________, all thanks to ________.
If God didn't want us to enjoy ________, he wouldn't have given us ________.
In his newest and most difficult stunt, David Blaine must escape from ________.
Little Miss Muffet Sat on a tuffet, Eating her curds and ________.
Members of New York's social elite are paying thousands of dollars just to experience ________.
My country, 'tis of thee, sweet land of ________.
My mom freaked out when she looked at my browser history and found ________.com/________.
My new favorite porn star is Joey "________" McGee.
Next time on Dr. Phil: How to talk to your child about ________.
Only two things in life are certain: death and ________.
The Five Stages of Grief: denial, anger, bargaining, ________, and acceptance.
The healing process began when I joined a support group for victims of ________.
The votes are in, and the new high school mascot is ________.
This is your captain speaking. Fasten your seatbelts and prepare for ________.
This month's Cosmo: "Spice up your sex life by bringing ________ into the bedroom."
Tonight on 20/20: What you don't know about ________ could kill you.
You haven't truly lived until you've experienced ________ and ________ at the same time.
________ would be woefully incomplete without ________.
White cards
A 55-gallon drum of lube.
A Burmese tiger pit.
A bigger, blacker dick.
A dollop of sour cream.
A magic hippie love cloud.
A man in yoga pants with a ponytail and feather earrings.
A pinata full of scorpions.
A sad fat dragon with no friends.
A slightly shittier parallel universe.
A soulful rendition of "Ol' Man River."
A squadron of moles wearing aviator goggles.
A sweaty, panting leather daddy.
A sweet spaceship.
All of this blood.
An army of skeletons.
An ether-soaked rag.
An unhinged ferris wheel rolling toward the sea.
Another shot of morphine.
Basic human decency.
Beefin' over turf.
Being awesome at sex.
Boris the Soviet Love Hammer.
Bullshit.
Catastrophic urethral trauma.
Daddy's belt.
Death by Steven Seagal
Dining with cardboard cutouts of the cast of "Friends."
Double penetration.
Existing.
Fetal alcohol syndrome.
Finding Waldo.
Fuck Mountain.
Getting hilariously gang-banged by the Blue Man Group.
Grandpa's ashes.
Graphic violence, adult language, and some sexual content.
Hillary Clinton's death stare.
Intimacy problems.
Jeff Goldblum.
Living in a trashcan.
Loki, the trickster god.
Making a friend.
Me.
Mild autism.
Mooing.
My first kill.
Nunchuck moves.
Oncoming traffic.
One Ring to rule them all.
Power.
Pretty Pretty Princess Dress-Up Board Game®.
Pumping out a baby every nine months.
Rising from the grave.
Scrotal frostbite.
Some really fucked-up shit.
Special musical guest, Cher.
Spring break!
Subduing a grizzly bear and making her your wife.
Survivor's guilt.
Swiftly achieving orgasm.
Taking a man's eyes and balls out and putting his eyes where his balls go and then his balls in the eye holes.
The Google.
The corporations.
The day the birds attacked.
The grey nutrient broth that sustains Mitt Romney.
The human body.
The mere concept of Applebee's®.
The mixing of the races.
The new Radiohead album.
Tiny nipples.
Tongue.
Upgrading homeless people to mobile hotspots.
Weapons-grade plutonium.
Wearing an octopus for a hat.
Whining like a little bitch.
Whipping a disobedient slave.Paroles de L'Morphine "Khoud Bladek"
Dédicace l bou3boula w diplôme f Las Vegas
Ras yze3ze3 dola M-Psy
Pirahna Labo
Beatflam, Gamehdi, Xie Ze, Netro, Fahmilos

Blad lmsawya
Chada tri9 lhawya
Pedalya khawya
W 3nd balna tal3
Hta domaine ma mekmol
W f lhdra far3a
Mazal chaddin l hdra 3la l Mehdi Faria
Wghda 2010 dazt b sor3a
Drari m3amra l9or3a
L9aw 39lya frya hayya ila lghorba
M7koka ddebra wlmofaja2a li f lkorba cobra
Yak galik katjik khatra w7da lforsa ?
Khask tkon ghir fort saf !
7na t7addina solta derna la gaffe
Wellina tan9lbo 3liha b rri9 nachf
3la walo treski la cave
W red balk y9et3olk b rrit kennachk
W ghir binatna l3onsorya
Bladna khen9atna w 7na tan3mro f rrya
70% tay9sdo lina l9onsolya, 50% amrad nafsya
Ach kayn f had lblad? lbtayn ?
Kayn bnadm damiro khayn
Ghadi b 3a9liyat ana o men ba3di toufan
Lmankoub 3ndo mousiba ila moul ddo ban
Galik lmoro f l9waleb Einstein
W y3ya maytchiyten tayfowlo Moldovan
Kayna taba9ia, fer9 kbir bin casa w tabac n9ya
Bnadem chbe3 wmazal taygol taba9 lya
Derdeg ra l3rasya fiha chi d9ay9ya
Machi ghi hakdak l M-Psy de9a t9ya
Daro bya chi 7lay9ya kayna l2omia
Ddat l da3ra mojod t9e7bin
3ndna serdine w kan3ch9o dowwara
W daz 3ndna t9enbil, mab9at 7ta 7ila
Mclassyen 100 wserf 3La 7sab l2omam lmota7ida
Galik lmaghreb chapeau lrjal li mdowza ta3dib
W drari demmara
A part rap, drari li dayra li 3liha w lay7a sennara
7okoma dayra lina sennata
7alla  le3b l chi jma3a del keffa**
9ma9em : tay3eytolihom dmadem

Mecanismat sa3ada m3doma
B l mika nit mat hta hadak kan coma
7ta nas li lfo9 khatarCodeine, Al Green
The perfect recipe for Melancholy Dreams
Like Morphine, you ease my pain
But like Morphine, you are addicting
My life used to sound something like Nat King
Cause you are my Maria Cole, my Nadine
When we fall in love the movie's perfect
But when the script is over why the fuck are we acting?

I wanna settle down
I wanna settle down
Won't you settle down with me?
Settle down
We can settle at a table
A table for two
Won't you wine and dine with me?
Settle down
I wanna raise a child
I wanna raise a child
Won't you raise a child with me
Raise a child
We'll call her NebraskaYeah l'morphine
1995 2012 2020
Tsawal 3la ch7al man micro f lmaghrib la baghi t3raf
Tchof résultat tskhaf
Bsif recetta tnchaf
Ghadin bmabda2e lmohim howa lmocharaka
Nb9aw contact m3a les fans b jomo3a mobaraka
Ana m3akom jaybha modakara
M-psy micro pc vitamine C o chi mamno3ate
Tanktab l'album chyata o déchet 7ata freestylate
Mconcentri m3a rap o mkhali titiz taydor
S7ar howa li m3ayach 3a2ila b 11 machi Criss Angel
Lkalakh bakhoch l7chich baygone
Chof wazan lfaroje baghi i9is  tyson
Zaydon
Rap machi bnadam lachaftih taysom
3eraf rwappa  nchaf lihom stylo ma3dorin b dam l7ayd
Tit inspiraw man l'morphine b play
Tisawlo 3la stylo chayte
T9dar f Kuala Lumpur klami n'importe quoi ?
Bsa7 l9wada kador f maghrib lhardcore quoi ?
3ardod o lkhwa ?
Alfale Luis Pasteur dwa w gal
Pomada l'morphine pomada
Tajriba
F l'album makinate o l9walab
Tahloka
B9aw 3al khat
2020Lying in bed, waiting for the drip to feed
Over my head, a movie on the TV
Cops, killers ruling with the gun
Then a nurse comes in, time for the medication
Blame it on shock, blame it on the morphine
But my finger prints put me on the crime scene
Cruel twist of fate, it's like I'm in a really bad dream
I'm a victim of mistaken identity
And the ordinary people
All the passers-by
Shake their heads and sigh
"But for the grace of God go I"
They are just on the wrong side of the law
Livin' on the wrong side of the law
Victims each and every one
Now the bad guy's out there on the run
Heading for the setting sun
There's a jailhouse in Louisiana state
And in times like this I really do appreciate
The desperate cries of all of the inmates
'Cause once you're inside, they're gonna make ya' sit and wait
As time goes by, hear the criminals sing a sad, sad song
We were just on the wrong side of the law
Livin' on the wrong side of the law
Victims each and every one
Now the outlaw's living on the run
Heading for the setting sun
And the ordinary people
All the passers-by
Are helpless on the wrong side of the law
Staring at the wrong side of the law
Every time we see the system fail
And the bad guys end up getting bail
While the good guys go to jail
Yeah, I might as well rot in Angola
For all the good the DA's done for me
I was the one who ended up taking the bullet
I'm lying here, but he's still runnin' free
On the wrong side of the lawIt's all how hard
You've got me on morphine
When you're all I want and you've got my home
Stay, ohBig shout-out to Rapsody, Soul Council
9th Wonder, what up? Eh

If you wonderin' what the jungle like
Listen to the me and then it make me think of my younger life
Never been on a hunger strike, but damn near starved
Got me reachin' for the sky, hope my hands near God
We just out here copin' 'til the plans get large
To see that money comin' in like the (-)
Yeah, I'm fly like Sam, I keep the (-)
But the streets, they ain't wild like a morphine drip
It's bananas on the block, they hammers on (-)
But the rooftop is the film and there's cameras on the cops
Shit, I ain't a critic, nigga, I had to live it
But that shit really hurt when you heard your nigga did it
That shit'll break you down, but a nigga won't admit it
It's the snapback days, I ain't even know the fitted
I might go and get it for the sake to be different
When you know he had it comin', bet the wake'll feel different
You really earned the money, but the cake will feel different
Stop runnin' from the cops, you will wake a little different
Them niggas in the deep and you thinkin' that you stuck with 'em
You ain't got to knock 'em, but you ain't got to fuck with 'em
Let 'em tell you different, then them niggas on some pussy shit
We be on that go-and-get-the-money-like-the-cookie shit
That sucker shit is for them other niggas
You ain't tryin' to cross
But don't you even come and fuck with niggas, niggaI know you always been
Just like a morphine to me
My cure to help me breath
But there is something
We can't forgive each other
But while you keep on actin'
Like you don't care now
I was making sure
There is nothing to be worry about
One more thing
That we both did not see
Is that you means me
Is this the world creatin' the crazy things I see
Is this the something about you and me
I think I know just how you feel
A brand new thrill in the same old film
Unbreakable and unstoppable
But waitin' on the grid for a single hit
Destruction leads into the power indeed
But it also can bring you fear
I'll let you think of that, baby
But while you keep on actin'
Like you don't care now
I was making sure
There is nothing to be worry about
One more thing
That we both did not see
Is that you means me
Is this the world creatin' the crazy things I see
Is this the something about you and me
I think I know just how you feel
A brand new thrill in the same old film
Unbreakable and unstoppable
But waitin' on the grid for a single hit
My love and your fear
Are only emotions
Your hate and my fear
Are only emotions
My love and your fear
Are only emotions
Your hate and my fear
Are only emotions
My dear
Like to see
It's you layin' on the grass
The endless fire in your eyes
I could die now
I think I lost control
Sun is where you choose to be right now
The guns and the nights stays in my mind
And I could die just now
Oh Lord
I think I lost controlIf you ever leave me, baby
Leave some morphine at my door
Cause it would take a whole lot of medication
To realize what we used to have
We don't have it anymore
There's no religion that could save me
No matter how long my knees are on the floor, oh
So keep in mind all the sacrifices I'm making
To keep you by my side
And keep you from walking out the door
Cause there'll be no sunlight
If I lose you, baby
There'll be no clear skies
If I lose you, baby
Just like the clouds
My eyes will do the same if you walk away
Everyday, it will rain
Rain, rain
I'll never be your mother's favorite
Your daddy can't even look me in the eye
Oooh if I was in their shoes, I'd be doing the same thing
Saying there goes my little girl
Walking with that troublesome guy
But they're just afraid of something they can't understand
Oooh well little darling watch me change their minds
Yea for you I'll try, I'll try, I'll try, I'll try
I'll pick up these broken pieces 'til I'm bleeding
If that'll make it right
Cause there'll be no sunlight
If I lose you, baby
There'll be no clear skies
If I lose you, baby
Just like the clouds
My eyes will do the same if you walk away
Everyday, it will rain
Rain, rain
Ooooh Don't you say
Goodbye, don't you say, goodbye
I'll pick up these broken pieces 'til I'm bleeding
If that'll make it right
Cause there'll be no sunlight
If I lose you, baby
There'll be no clear ski-yies
If I lose you, baby
Just like the clouds
My eyes will do the sa-a-ame if you walk away
Everyday, it will rain
Rain, rai-ai-ai-ain..The sky's black with locusts
My eyes are burning stars
There's a mountain of gold teeth
In every bank vault in this world
Wanna try and steal my face
My body and my soul?
Ridden on a bed of nails
Walking into walls

Ooh, baby, do it again
Ooh, baby, come on, baby, do it again
Ooh, baby, do it again
Ooh, baby, come on, baby, do it again

Do I drown in my streams?
Do I kill you in my dreams?
Do I draw a knife across your throat?
Is your mouth an open grave?
Will I fall upon your blade?
Are those needles in your eyes?
The blood of Jesus?

Ooh, baby, do it again
Ooh, baby, come on, baby, do it again
Ooh, baby, do it again
Ooh, baby, come on, baby, do it again

Another teenage suicide
Slit your wrists and laugh
When boredom kills, shoot morphine pills
Be faithful unto death
In every home, a rapist
Our killers, family men
Why do children hate their parents?
Keep a shotgun underneath your bed

Ooh, baby, do it again
Ooh, baby, come on, baby, do it again
Ooh, baby, do it again
Ooh, baby, come on, baby, do it again

So fly the skull and crossbones
Burn the Union Jack
Hang onto your eyeballs
Paint the daytime black
Choose your best friends carefully
Don't betray your code
Live outside society
Stay inside your soul

Ooh, baby, do it again
Ooh, baby, come on, baby, do it again
Ooh, baby, do it again
Ooh, baby, come on, baby, do it again

Don't you find hard to laugh
When your mouth is full of broken glass?
Thoughts mutate to locusts, skull exploding
Don't you find hard to laugh
When your mouth is full of broken glass?
Thoughts mutate to locusts, skull exploding

Ooh, baby, do it again
Ooh, baby, come on, baby, do it again
Ooh, baby, do it again
Ooh, baby, come on, baby, do it again

Do it again
Come on, baby, do it again
Do it again
Come on, baby, do it again
Do it again
Come on, baby, do it again
Do it again
Come on, baby, do it againGod bless all the dying breed
I pray for the dying breed
I'd kill for my fucking creed
I'd die if it ever needed
God bless all the dying breed
I pray for the dying breed
I'd kill for my fucking creed
I'd die if it ever needed

It ain't a long time (it ain't)
First time I talk first time I walk
It ain't a long time (yea I know that shit)
I need to talk I need to talk
Is this the right time?
Man, fuck the right time!
I spill 'em beans and cook it
I don't care if it don't fit
Your mind, your heart man fuck it!
Respect  to whom that take seat
For a two cents from a kid
If you don't like you may quit
Aye look man, I've been thinking 'bout a certain kind of people, I call dying breed (dying breed)
That's the kind of people that I would bleed for (I would bleed)
I lost count on those I knew
Yet dying breed count as a few
The fuck I'm watching, I see super villain on the news, on a daily routine, there's a thirteen raped by a thirty, drugged with some morphine, what the fuck is happening?
Kill the TV then I took my phone, hope that I found a peace I ain't surprised, all I find is another decrease
Scrolling picture of phonies
The fake rich flex
The fake respects
They'd fuck you up
You don't even need sex
Social media effects
Stabbing homie in the back
Bug me like an insect
But still we don't act
Oh!

Add that to the list, add that to the count
At whom I got pissed (aye, o!), at those kind of cunt (aye, o!), at those kind of cunt
Add that to the list, add that to the count
At whom I got pissed (aye, o!), at those kind of cunt (aye, o!)
Get the homies and sing! (Get the homies and sing!)

God bless all the dying breed (God bless)
I pray for the dying breed (I pray)
I'd kill for my fucking creed (I'd kill)
I'd die if it ever needed (I'd die)
God bless all the dying breed (God bless)
I pray for the dying breed (I pray)
I'd kill for my fucking creed (I'd kill)
I'd die if it ever needed

Let's take it to the music, let's take it to the basic
Hip hop's a trend, so they pretend
They think it's all about the brand, they wanna blend (they wanna blend)
I talk they got offended, and now they got defensive
They know we know they fake it, but still they lie, impressive
And would y'all let a boy ask a question?
What happened to the music and the passion?
H2O asked this generation
Panji be cookin' in the studio (cook), compose that shit baby hear my audio
Boomin' boomin' through the stereo (stereo), that shit rising a crescendo
We write , we learn, we true from head to toe
We real, we pay respect too those who know
An homage to BAP, to Laze to Joe
Reciting the truth with rhyme and flow
A mixture of jazz and street poetry
A blend of the soul and speech of the free
A question to ask of what will I be ?
Without the music it done posessed me
Oh!

Add that to the list, add that to the count
At whom I got pissed (aye, o!), at those kind of cunt (aye, o!), at those kind of cunt
Add that to the list, add that to the count
At whom I got pissed (aye, o!), at those kind of cunt (aye, o!)
Get the homies and sing!

La la la la laaa
La la la la laaa
La la la la laaa
La la la la laaa
God bless all the dying breed (La la la la laaa)
I pray for the dying breed
God bless all the dying breed (La la la la laaa)
I pray for the dying breed
God bless all the dying breed (La la la la laaa)
I pray for the dying breed
God bless all the dying breed (La la la la laaa)
I pray for the dying breed
God bless all the dying breed (La la la la laaa)
I pray for the dying breed
God bless all the dying breed (La la la la laaa)
I pray for the dying breed
God bless all the dying breed (La la la la laaa)
I pray for the dying breed
God bless all the dying breed (La la la la laaa)
I pray for the dying breed
God bless all the dying breed (La la la la laaa)
I pray for the dying breed
La la la la laaa
La la la la laaaI asked your mother for you
She told me that you was too young
I wish to the Lord I'd never seen your face
Or heard your lying tongue
Irene goodnight, Irene goodnight
Goodnight Irene, Goodnight Irene
I'll see you in my dreams
Sometimes I live in the country
Sometimes I live in the town
Sometimes I have a great notion
To jump into the river and drown
Irene goodnight, Irene goodnight
Goodnight Irene, Goodnight Irene
I'll see you in my dreams
I love Irene God knows I do
Love her till the sea run dry
And if Irene turns her back on me
I'm gonna take morphine and die
Irene goodnight, Irene goodnight
Goodnight Irene, Goodnight Irene
I'll see you in my dreams
Goodnight Irene, Goodnight Irene
I'll see you in my dreamsTakin a hit then I breathe in my breath, lookin at my friends like I don't feel it yet, its insane that the flames that I feel in my chest, counteract all the pain that I've gained to my stress, and I'm bane when I bang all the beats in my head, and these lanes ain't the same but I know where they rest, and this game is the thing that'll pay off all my debt, make a name with the claim better get out I'm the best, try to rewrite how the story goes, try to build it up before it all unfolds, but ya gotta listen harder homie better pack a bowl, don't wanna be darker gotta change my soul, money from a razor when I push and pull, spent alot of money lifes getting dull, but that ain't the goal, gotta give up all the gold, one second I'll be full then I'll fuckin unload, if only any girl would stay, whos to say that I changed in every way, man I'll get it right someday, just one day, wake up in the morning like I fucking hate Mondays, Sunday, prayin I ain't mundane, homie better run away, he told me I'm a renegade, and coming wit a better grade, I told me ima renovate, it turned into a serenade, and everybody marinatin, everybody starring waitin, everybody get impatient, everybody sick of fakin, cellophane and diesel cravin, reggie on the peak of breakin, dank be on the syncin session, doc it fuck it be the patient, never got that circulation, morphine in the station, man you gotta keep it racin, when you bakin, get a fuckin indication, get a fuckin education, homie what you mention? Fuck this ain't detention, man it's still in my detection, man I get their brains meltin then fuckin expansion, mansion, hoes begin rantin, layin in satin, bringing this packet, pot so fantastic, it feel like acid, I pack it, it racket, you jack it, this match stick, will light all the gas on ya jacket, turn him into ashes, puffin it be magic, poof and it be tragic, provin they be plastic, spit it like a ratchet but I'm bioautomatic like go go gadget, you fuckin faggotsSam Stone
©John Prine
Sam Stone came home
To his wife and family
After serving in the conflict overseas
And the time that he served
Had shattered all his nerves
And left a little shrapnel in his knee
But the morphine eased the pain
And the grass grew round his brain
And gave him all the confidence he lacked
With a Purple Heart and a monkey on his back
Chorus:
There's a hole in daddy's arm where all the money goes
Jesus Christ died for nothin' I suppose
Little pitchers have big ears
Don't stop to count the years
Sweet songs never last too long on broken radios
Mmm....
Sam Stone's welcome home
Didn't last too long
He went to work when he'd spent his last dime
And Sammy took to stealing
When he got that empty feeling
For a hundred dollar habit without overtime
And the gold rolled through his veins
Like a thousand railroad trains
And eased his mind in the hours that he chose
While the kids ran around wearin' other peoples' clothes...
Repeat Chorus:
Sam Stone was alone
When he popped his last balloon
Climbing walls while sitting in a chair
Well, he played his last request
While the room smelled just like death
With an overdose hovering in the air
But life had lost its fun
And there was nothing to be done
But trade his house that he bought on the G. I. Bill
For a flag draped casket on a local heroes' hillAy
Ya
Ay
Ya
I won't fall bitch
I won't fall bitch
I won't fall bitch
I won't fall bitch
Bag didn't have to complain, ya
She got so wet with champagne, ya
I fucked my brain
Morphine in my vein
I land you like Kwajalein, Hold up
Take a sip bitch
Go to sleep bitch
I won't click bitch
I won't blick bitch
This world will never show me its love
Fresh of birth, ain't got a lot
Sticking to your plot imma free this knot
Still saving the only shot I got
Sticking to your talk I'd get lost
Ay
Ya
Ay
Ya
Ay
Ya
Ay
Ay
Ya
AY26 3am m'7tafel f les iles Canaries
Tfalya f Atari
7ta walite tan 'attacki flossi fjibi bo7di fel cabaret
Mantabe3 lrassi ta tabaqui
Bras droit style mechmom
Tan3raf dik taba9a machi ghi bsbab lhmom
Chad tabac nekmi daba yji L'morphine daba yji, tsana
Solo 9odam Jack Daniels nfaker f 26 sna b sna
3la dbayli nechrab 9ar3at javel ne7bas'ha
Solo 7it mala9ich m3amen ha lawla 7ta zine makhtato lola
Wana 3la dik lola lfhama dyali m3awla
Ch7al men ghalta radate 7yati m9awda
Ch7al men far7a radatha mlawna meme pas yomayn raj3at mdawda
Ch7al men la7da kanet tal3a ana banet li mhawda
Ch7al matel 3liya bnadem wana ghir tanchof lkharya mt3awda

Lyoma l7afla doum
Wakha chala machakil chala hmom
3am jdid 7ayat jdida
Ntmanaw 7lamna t9arab wakha b3ida
Lyoma l7afla doum
Wakha chala machakil chala hmom
3am jdid 7ayat jdida
Ntmanaw 7lamna t9arab wakha b3ida

Lmorphine 26 3ayat tel9a lboite vocale
Nta mazal 3a9el 3la hadak bo9al
Ana 7at 9odam 3ayni défi fatal
Nta défi fatir mab9itch netsawe9 walit metchawe9 nchof rasi ya mkharkher ya batal
Chargeur d'7yati howa rojola sma3ti a chacal
Salaw les cadeaux
Kola yedrab 3la raso matchrini manchrik 7abes al' mercato kola yna9i mer7ado
Y3achech lfrikhato y3ich l7yato
Iwajed ljana ola lfikhrato
Kolha frasso kola b'mirato
Kola bi fas o ti7fer 3la mrato
Salat Jackie Jack alblida
Mab9ach te3raf bine jackass o jackie chan nemchi n3ass men ghda 7yat jdida
Ne7mad lah li tafadite janki tfadite sida

Lyoma l7afla doum
Wakha chala machakil chala hmom
3am jdid 7ayat jdida
Ntmanaw 7lamna t9arab wakha b3ida
Lyoma l7afla doum
Wakha chala machakil chala hmom
3am jdid 7ayat jdida
Ntmanaw 7lamna t9arab wakha b3ida

Mab9itch nfaker f bara ghan7rag l'passport
Nebda sport
Machi drib lbarra ghanb9a Lmorphine man9derch nwali Johnny Bravo l7daydi
Ki bghitni nelbas ndader Jay-Z
Wana jari djayji
L7oma kamla fiha parfum frarji
Ne9di bachma kan khatra fchher n7adar DJ
Ana wlmra f3ayn lmakan n'danciw 3la  vidi vici
Salsa ol3alwa
Tan3arfo naklo men ayi 7alwa
Les marocaines danger
Lmohim han3ich simple et fonky
Nbi3 o nechri nwali sosi ifolki
Ne9di bachma kan wakha courte capo
Dima f dehri decathlon
Mojod l'teswa7
Khokom lmorphine capable bghit ghi khdima nerta7
Ta 7aja mab9at tfara7ni ta 7aja mab9at tekhla3ni
Jbad 3liya sla7 9tolni
Ola fatarni fsba7 ana baghi ghir netnafes o n3ich fhamni
(Ana baghi ghir netnafes o n3ich fhamni asa7bi)

Lyoma l7afla doum
Wakha chala machakil chala hmom
3am jdid 7ayat jdida
Ntmanaw 7lamna t9arab wakha b3ida
Lyoma l7afla doum
Wakha chala machakil chala hmom
3am jdid 7ayat jdida
Ntmanaw 7lamna t9arab wakha b3idaCursed be those who led their sons to the path of the false salvation
Dreaming of being purified through redemption
Trusting in lies that blinds their minds with idolatry and misconception
Lies will lead them all to self-destruction
Servants, bow your heads and obey to the church
Prayers waiting for the judgement
Observance, unveil the layer of falsity to see an uneasy truth
There's no god to worship, fuck it
Preaches of the mystery of the Holy Ghost
Bullshits, hidden by confessions
Sinners, you will wash your dirty hands in your own flowing blood
Atheistic light, no religion
Decimation of millions, indoctrinations of terror
Under the flags of the nations, under the scriptures of the ancients
Running to the dark oblivion, desolation of our souls
Waiting for the revelation
Licking the honey of the false condemnation by the guides
No more Christ to sacrifice
A new reaction will delete every single soldier of the church
Victim of the fear of God, our will's under your control
Every century has its cancer, every generation has its enemies
Every belief will kill us, every divinity is laughing
For the interests of a few tyrants, people will face their last journey
Wrong ideologies will guide us towards a catastrophic scenery
A new beginning is coming now, always starts with the end
The end of everything
No one will be missed by the fury of this massive mutilation
Flesh we are and flesh we'll be in putrefaction
They hold the free will with the lie of the saviour crucifixion
Lies will lead them all to final self-destruction
No recovering and no morphine can heal this society
A new army will come to reset their life
Reconstruct the morality of these injured minds
A new war will erase all these fucking lies
Cries, world is collapsing, men are defeated, fed up by anger and hate
Nothing remains, only ashes, prayers are so useless to say
Ceremonials of destruction, sermons of death and despair
Bleeding remains of the west and east cultures now rot
Servants, bow your heads and obey to the church
Prayers waiting for the judgement
Observance, unveil the layer of falsity to see an uneasy truth
There's no god to worship, fuck it
Preaches of the mystery of the Holy Ghost
Bullshits, hidden by confessions
Sinners, you will wash your dirty hands in your own flowing blood
Atheistic light
Cursed be those who led their sons to the path of the false salvation
Mind distortion by the greatest hallucination
Trusting in lies that blinds their minds with idolatry and misconception
Lies will lead them all to self-destructionIf you ever leave me, baby
Leave some morphine at my door
Cause it would take a whole lot of medication
To realize what we used to have
We don't have it anymore
There's no religion that could save me
No matter how long my knees are on the floor, oh
So keep in mind all the sacrifices I'm making
To keep you by my side
And keep you from walking out the door
Cause there'll be no sunlight
If I lose you, baby
There'll be no clear skies
If I lose you, baby
Just like the clouds
My eyes will do the same if you walk away
Everyday, it will rain
Rain, rain
I'll never be your mother's favorite
Ah, Your daddy can't even look me in the eye
Oooh if I was in their shoes, I'd be doing the same thing
Saying there goes my little girl
Walking with that troublesome guy
But they're just afraid of something they can't understand
Oooh well little darling watch me change their minds
Yeah for you I'll try, I'll try, I'll try, I'll try
I'll pick up these broken pieces 'til I'm bleeding
If that'll make you mine
Cause there'll be no sunlight
If I lose you, baby
There'll be no clear skies
If I lose you, baby
Just like the clouds
My eyes will do the same if you walk away
Everyday, it will rain
Rain, rain
Ooooh Don't just say
Goodbye, don't just say, goodbye
I'll pick up these broken pieces 'til I'm bleeding
If that'll make it right
Cause there'll be no sunlight
If I lose you, baby
There'll be no clear skies
If I lose you, baby
And just like the clouds
My eyes will do the same if you walk away
Everyday, it will rain
Rain, rain, rain... ohhhhhhhhhhSome of us are in the ground now
Some above it
Can't say that I love it
The way it turned out
Walking through the graveyard like I just found out
And I ask myself, 'Why' and 'How'
It could be fair
Or if anyone cares
And now I stare blankly
Cause frankly I've seen as much as I can bear
I just hope that you're with me
I keep thinking "what-ifs"
Like if we
If we would a' put a foot in another road
What if I never said jack and held back
Would it lead you back
To the same place to meet with the same fate?
Never to come back

Slip away
Fade away
Everyday
Inside my brain
Slip away
Fade away
Everyday
Inside my brain

Would you be back
To help me through
Like you truly do?
Or did do
Now I'm sitting through your service
With a priest who acts like you're someone else I never knew
And everyone you ever met
Or said one word to
Acting like you and them were best friends
Like it makes them cool
To know someone who got shot
And they can't construe
What it really means to someone like me
Who knew you through and through
To see you slew
In that house
On the ground
In the back room
It haunts my dreams
To see your lifeless eyes looking straight through me

Slip away
Fade away
Everyday
Inside my brain
Slip away
Fade away
Everyday
Inside my brain

It hurt my soul
And my heart hardened
Soon as I saw your brains and your blood on the carpet
Stained forever
Not on the floor but in my mind
I'd be lying if I ever said I never tried to forget you
Used to wonder
If I'd ever be sane again
My therapist explains:
"Take these pills and the pain will fade"
But how could I replace you
With a drug?
Lord knows I tried
I tried
I tried to hide behind chemicals and lies and denial
Arming myself with a vile
Of morphine
Anything to stop the vile dreams

Slip away
Fade away
Everyday
Inside my brain
Slip away
Fade away
Everyday
Inside my brain

Contrary to popular consensus
Time does not heal if I can trust my senses
Cause I feel the pain
No matter how many painkillers ingested
I guess it just don't kill it (you just can't kill me)
And I'm really willy-nilly
It still hasn't killed me
And I'm really not stronger, still weak
I still haven't waked
I prefer dreams and nightmares
Cause I can pretend that someone might care
If I wake, I weep
The stakes are high when I'm awake
But not when I'm asleep
And I know you're probably tired of hearing all my whining
So I decided to tell it to the people in my mind
But not a friend I find
Walking blindly
And I can't stop these thoughts
Burning in my head
Tossing and turning in my bed
Popping pills
Oxycontin and Percocet
But the hurt does not prefer to rest
Remember the best
And forget the worst
Carrying your coffin to the hurst

Slip away
Fade away
Everyday
Inside my brain
Slip away
Fade away
Everyday
Inside my brain
Slip away
Fade away
Everyday
Inside my brain
Slip away
Fade away
Everyday
Inside my brainTak gorącego jak Ty to nie dotykałam ciała
Może spełnisz moje sny będę mogła wciąż się spalać
Może, może nie Ty? Dobra dobra zaraz zaraz
Wsiądźmy w tego chevroleta niech choć raz prowadzi dama
Wciskam gaz jak tylko mogę, nie chce ruchu na drodze
Chce się poczuć jak w filmie w tej scenie gdy Jestem Bogiem
Gdy jadę tym samochodem Na krawędzi skał mam drogę
Jestem spełniona , szczęśliwa Na prawdę czuję ze mogę
Naprawdę to -Ja i Ty- tworzymy tę przygodę
Jesteśmy jak - Ja i Ty- oryginalni sami w sobie
Bez porównań do YX, historii, książek i plotek
Skoro to nasza historia co zechce z nią to zrobię
Nie wstydząc się, że My znamy się ledwie dobę
Ale czujemy tą myśl, że musimy łapać chwilę co dzień
Że każdy zmysł jest po to żeby odbierać bodziec
A to ta z chwil, w której Ja i Ty jesteśmy MY na moment

Nie mam planu, ani mapy, mam rap i styl
I feel like I'm morphine
Pamiętacie? Czy już zapomnieliście?
Odpycha nas w nas nawzajem dziś to samo. Co nas przyciągało i to było za mało

Patrzysz poza horyzont to zupełnie tak jak ja
Twoje tatuaże mówią, że przestałeś już się bać
Teraz mówisz mi dużo, odpalasz papieros na raz
Na dwa dajesz go mi bym też poczuła smak
Na trzy otwierasz litr tylko dla mnie wymieszaj go z sokiem
Podajesz łyk kiedy zjeżdżam na pobocze
I to ta z chwil, kiedy mam Ciebie przy sobie
Ale czas tik tik goni naszą euforię
Ale nas- pyk, pstryk - nie będzie już po tej zwrotce
Bo My - mit, nic- jak chwile to jest ulotne
I Ty - mój dziś, a jutro obcy i nołnejm
Bo miłość i romanse jak sny znikają po piątej
I złączymy tu serca by jutro o nich zapomnieć
A dziś te godziny są nasze wykorzystajmy je dobrze
Bo wspólne szczęście to sekwencje
Kompromisów, kłótni i podniet

Ta noc jest naszą to zapamiętam
Nie oddam ciała, nie oddam serca
To co ci oddam to czas i myśli
W zamian dostanę Ciebie i sweet dreams
W zamian dostanę świeże wspomnienia
Wszystkie od nowa zaczynam zbierać
Wszystko od podstaw zaczynam zmieniać
Tak kocham życie ciebie? Nie teraz
Przerzucam biegi, włączam się w wyścig
Gonię za szczęściem, choć jeździ czymś lepszym
Ty gonisz za mną ? Ale to bzdura
Bo żyję na ziemi i żyję w chmurach
Mieliśmy szansę w nocy przy pełni
Lecz potem wysiadłeś, więc znikasz z pamięci
Więc moja Lumina znika w oddali
Obyśmy się więcej nie spotkaliLil Bastard on the scene
Expensive like morphine
You know what I mean
(You know what I mean bitch, you know what I mean)

This bitches wanna drama, Sundays with my momma
I ain't need marijuana, I'm already in the nirvana
I'll stay in my room, 'cause the lights blind my eyes
I'm not high, this is how am I, this is how I write
My mind is a maze, be careful in that place
Inside there are dragons, demons and some blades
I don't have a heart, I got a drum, ratata-pum
I'm zombified, my body got exhumed

I ain't do this for the money, I ain't do this for the fame
I do it for myself, this is my way to free the pain
This is how I release all my fears
This is how I think, this is how I feel

I got their mouths wide shut, they see me shine
They see me rise, but they never saw me cry
I don't want high heels girls, I don't wanna pop pills
I just wanna feel things, I wanna share my thoughts
I wanna speak, I wanna learn, I wanna teach
I wanna hit you in the face when you don't stop talking shit
I wanna live my life like today was the apocalypse

I ain't do this for the money, I ain't do this for the fame
I do it for myself, this is my way to free the pain
This is how I release all my fears
This is how I think, this is how I feel

I wanna look aesthetic, and maybe less pathetic
That girl is so magnetic, but also so synthetic
I put passion in this shit, I put my time on you, girl
I wanna burn my school, I want sink in your pool
I wanna find a girl who can sing in all my hooks
I wanna be your boss and stop travel in the bus
I wanna reach my goals, I want to be your bro
I wanna cast spells, be a wizard level 4
I want receive more hugs, I hate the fucking bugs
Avoid the dirty clubs, and you'll never fuck with us
I want stay in the top and meet to Post Malone
I want to sign your baby, and reminds you how was onceHow things happened really took me by surprise
I thought love lied in a deep pool of lies
I didn't have patience wanted you to be mine
Drops of chocolate in your caramel colored eyes
Thoughts of you always stuck in my mind
Didn't take long for me to realize
That just like morphine you make the pain go away
I discover more things day after day
That I love about you in every single way
When you leave I don't feel okay
You plus me it's simple addition
Feel like heaven but a sinful addiction
I wanted love you fit the description
I've finally found that thing I've been missin'
Now I can handle this stress
Gettin' out staying in less
I'm leaving happy and I feel blessed
Got me wondering what's next
A soulmate and a best-friend
I never face any regrets when
I'm with you but bad thoughts to rest then
We can do whatever's requested
Can't believe this isn't a dream
This is reality it is what it seems
I feel you were made special for me
Your face is just so precious to see
Can't believe this isn't a dream
This is reality it is what it seems
Can't believe this isn't a dream
Can't believe
Can't believe
Can't believe this isn't a dream
This is reality it is what it seems
Can't believe this isn't a dream
Can't believe
Can't believe
Can't believe this isn't a dream
This is reality it is what it seems
I've been through pain,I know how it is to hurt
I stay up on the moon but you bring me down to Earth
Before you came around I was convinced that love was cursed
I gave you all I got I'm so grateful that it worked
I've been through pain,I know how it is to hurt
I stay up on the moon but you bring me down to Earth
Before you came around I was convinced that love was cursed
I gave you all I got I'm so grateful that it workedDave Jensen and Lee Strunk did not become instant buddies, but they did learn to trust each other. Over the next month they often teamed up on ambushes. They covered each other on patrol, shared a foxhole, took turns pulling guard at night. In late August they made a pact that if one of them should ever get totally rucked up—a wheelchair wound—the other guy would automatically find a way to end it. As far as I could tell they were serious. They drew it up on paper, signing their names and asking a couple of guys to act as witnesses. And then in October Lee Strunk stepped on a rigged mortar round. It took off his right leg at the knee. He managed a funny little half step, like a hop, then he tilted sideways and dropped. "Oh, damn," he said. For a while he kept on saying it, "Damn oh damn," as if he'd stubbed a toe. Then he panicked. He tried to get up and run, but there was nothing left to run on. He fell hard. The stump of his right leg was twitching. There were slivers of bone, and the blood came in quick spurts like water from a pump. He seemed bewildered. He reached down as if to massage his missing leg, then he passed out, and Rat Kiley put on a tourniquet and administered morphine and ran plasma into him.
There was nothing much anybody could do except wait for the dustoff. After we'd secured an LZ, Dave Jensen went over and kneeled at Strunk's side. The stump had stopped twitching now. For a time there was some question as to whether Strunk was still alive, but then he opened his eyes and looked up at Dave Jensen. "Oh, Jesus," he said, and moaned, and tried to slide away and said, "Jesus, man, don't kill me."
"Relax," Jensen said.
Lee Strunk seemed groggy and confused. He lay still for a second and then motioned toward his leg. "Really, it's not so bad, Not terrible. Hey, really—they can sew it back on—really."
"Right, I'll bet they can."
"You think?"
"Sure I do."
Strunk frowned at the sky. He passed out again, then woke up and said, "Don't kill me."
"I won't," Jensen said.
"I'm serious."
"Sure."
"But you got to promise. Swear it to me—swear you won't kill me."
Jensen nodded and said, "I swear," and then a little later we carried Strunk to the dustoff chopper. Jensen reached out and touched the good leg. "Go on now," he said. Later we heard that Strunk died somewhere over Chu Lai, which seemed to relieve Dave Jensen of an enormous weight.Finding the meaning in a needle
Turn to it for answers (Can't be saved)
Relapse, no solution
You were everything (Fate engraved)
Membrane shatters like glass
Skin charred to ash (Can't be saved)
Paper hands clasp a fractured will to live
Solder the cells and turn obsolete
Wake up from your terrible dream
The cure is within the syringe
The answer's within the syringe
You are your own ending
Terminally defined
Separate the clouds
They pulse with morphine
Starving for something more
You don't exist anymore
The cure is within the syringe
Answers from a syringeOutside death's door you wait
Entrance delayed, a cruel, sadistic fate
No absolution, no love from god
Slow suffocation, a mind eroding fog
Never ending agony
Incessant torment, no reprieve
I'm the master of your misery
Prescribing murder, merciful sleep
Massive morphine injection
Commiseration drips into your veins
As I release you from your affliction
I stare down upon you as you slowly fade
Never ending agony
Incessant torment, no reprieve
I'm the emperor of your pain
A gift of death shot into your veins
On the gurney waiting out your time
Death's reflection in your tired eyes
I push the needle in you start to slide
Into death's slumber, running toward the light
Incapacitated, stuck by fear
Waiting for death's angel to appear
Senseless suffering you pray to die
And cross the river to the other side
Close your eyes and all you see is red
Eroded sanity, in pools of sweat
Your body's withered, there ain't nothing left
I'll end your suffering I'm Doctor Death!Paroles de L'Morphine "JayZtata"
JayZtata jayZtata, m3ak L'Morphine 7fed l'kata
Dirni f balek 2020, sedd snanek dowwezt snin
JayZtata jayZtata, m3ak L'Morphine 7fed l'kata
Dirni f balek 2020, sedd snanek dowwezt snin

JayZtata jayZtata, m3ak L'Morphine 7fed l'kata
Chte7 bel mfassel, 7errek rassek rezzen
Matb9ach tsa2el, bel 3ya9a m7ezzem
Sowwel Boukharya 98, cherregt lfarya
Thanya w teslim, t7anya w techrif 7atrem lkbar
T9alya w tekhwif, wakha ana ghi 9essar zid
L9loub d3ifa, werrko stop
Ngolk tarifa, n7erfko stock
M3ak L'Morphine, 7erbech tamm
Sabe9 wa9ti, majaych n7an9ez tem

JayZtata jayZtata, m3ak L'Morphine 7fed l'kata
Dirni f balek 2020, sedd snanek dowwezt snin
JayZtata jayZtata, m3ak L'Morphine 7fed l'kata
Dirni f balek 2020, sedd snanek dowwezt snin

Cha3ir fitri, s7abi de7ko 3lya
M3a lmezzika mcabri, w hderti hya hya
Lbesst sebbat, tri9i kolha 7jar
Wakha terkeb 4x4, le7mek dima khder
Dirni f balek, 2020
F had l3ahd, Charlot howa Mr Bean
Disk hbil, kter lkhir
Next step, kheddam tir
Certificat, sir ta tfi9a
Senti finti, bghit likom di9a
Katwade3 f rap, baraka men cinéma
Ded racaille, l'awax w simi hna
 x2
JayZtata
Ded racaille
M3ak L'Morphine
L'awax w simi hna
Dirni f balek
Baraka men cinéma
2020, dowwezt sninYou can't ignore the warning signs
Strategies of hidden lies
You can't replace the truth by guns
Escape from all the wrath
Corruption
Selection
Murder and ritual washing
Depression
Regression
Triumph of incredulity
This hate is forged in sacred fire
Disguised behind the holy war
Platoon leader's battlefield
To bring 'em democratic law
Illusions
Confusions
Instinctive superstition
Worshipping
And praying
Revenge could be so sweet
Buried in the justice ground
Buried in the justice ground
You can't ignore the warning signs
Buried in the justice ground
Buried in the justice ground
Still waiting for deliverance
To stop the evil on the march
Insanity within our dreams
It's peace until eternity
Invasion
Of freedom
Extinguished optimism
The anger
The hunger
Morphine to hold the fire
You can't replace the truth by guns
Buried in the justice ground
Buried to stop the evil on the march
Buried in the justice ground
EternityThe time, time, time is 2000 and now
The location, planet Earth!
Bullshit motherfuckers don't talk about
They knew shit, knew shit, knew shit!
Rages!

Our  of survival, and quicksands of injustice
We racial profiling and human rights on crutches
Plus the political corruption got people demanding answers
Nobody gives a fuck no more than either taking chances
Flip that quarter quick, copping stacks from sanchez
Put one in the chamber, had to pack between the branches
Government money launderin'  like spreading cancers
The World Trade disaster was just the wars cash advances
Neglected too much office meds and back on campus
To take innocent lives just to ease the pain
While we continue to ask why, still no answers
But I know you can't embrace the sun and I believe in rain
Fuckers digging up dirt are causing these avalanches
The people put in work, but can't make ends meet
Young mothers struggling with hungry babies and shitty pampers
So the world should understand being a slave ain't sweet

That's why it's rage against the machines
It's rage against the machines
The lies of propaganda got me ready to scream!
I refuse to bury the dream
Return democracy, plotting the genes of property
Got a lot of hostility, it's more than the cream!

Through swamps of the struggle is sand storms and scandals
Amongst whoremongers will  label us vandals
Separating racist beliefs, stating the nation
Using taxpayers money for gambling and taking vacation
Start from the fuss like Spitzer
Drinking old hoes, how would one sudden afford of education?
But won't allow fellows, but focus on occupation
Trying to leave us down and hopeless, boxed in the Matrix
Got backs against the wall, rebellious the guns drawn
Looking at the millions who're starving, you've done wrong!
Choosing our targets in this modern day 'nam
Another mother crushed for their child runs in the arms
Police don't serve and protect, them beasts is a threat
They fought East serving death, I walk in peace in Tibet
I'm wiping off the scars and the youth is getting old
Blood, sweat, and tears, grease loose wet
Back from my rap face, literal shrapnel
Addicted to morphine, trapped in the capsule
Honorable discharge, the scarred and homeless
Officers full of shit, jobs bomb like roaches
Me and Strap lacking medical insurance
Civilians are getting jacked, rebels sad and notorious
Full body armed up in this state of emergency
Twelve gauges started blast and back at the perjury

Against the machine!
It's rage against the machines
The lies of propaganda got me ready to scream!
I refuse to bury the dream
Return democracy, plotting the genes of property
Got a lot of hostility, it's more than the cream!Yo
Ay ay ay ay
Deter
sku sku
Cj
ok

On est prêts à l'inspi fesses en l'air oui c'est l'envie
On va tout donner aujourd'hui
Les folkiers feront la diff
On arrive pour le biff
Notre rap est punitif
Il va te mettre maladif
comme à l'époque de DIGIDIX
La pétanque c'est gagné
J'tire ou j'pointe ca je connais
pas besoin de saler
ces rappeurs sont déjantés
On va te rendre bouche bée
Pas besoin de t'affoler
J'suis affalé dans le canapé
ca c'est pour mieux te dompter
Tu veux une petite demo ?
Ouais je te la fais solo
Jsuis pas Orelsan mais j'aligne 3 ou 4 mots
T'as beau dire que j'ai pas de flow
Regarde un peu tes chicots
On dirait presque un travelo
Avec ton swag de gepetto
Se motiver pour travailler
Pas facile quand t'es foncdé
Je suis pas la juste pour glander
Mais attraper la vérité
Pas de génie dans ce monde
Instru balèze à la sonde
A mes amis qui retombent
Et a tous ceux qui surplombent
Suprématie juste dans tes rêves
Ya pas d'inspis sans soucis
C'est pas ce monde qui t'as crevé
c'est tout ce monde de tyrannie
J'ai pas de dulcinée (non non)
La vie en est comptée (ouais ouais)
J'arrive sur un marchepied
Jvais pouvoir tout contempler

Tu fais un AVC si tu perds ton cell
Double VC va faire la vaisselle
T'as pété j'entends le chant des sirènes
Oui ca vient de tes aisselles
J'ai la détente de Griezmann
Sauf que quand je mets des têtes
Après je prends du doliprane
Appelle moi super schiffman
J'ai le pied de Gundogan
Gaddem
Pourquoi t'insistes
Le système est tel un fist
J'ai pas besoin d'aide comme un assisté
Jsuis pas ce genre de mec qui vient de la cité
Jrêve d'une suite croissante mais qui n'est pas majorée
Jmène une vie de battant seulement dans le fairplay
Jsuis dans la récurrence pas de haine Pk est vraie
Mais le beat m'attend oui le vide m'attendrit
J'ai  le temps de rien
Meme en sortant des chiottes je me lave pas les mains
Tu me dis bonjour je te dis à demain
Tu me parles tout le temps mais je m'en bats les reins
Aucune logique comme Pisani
Rox est rookie marion katsumi
Ma seule limite tend vers l'infini
Mes rimes déferlent comme un tsunami
Jsuis inconnu comme un daimyo
J'ai la classe d'ulrich dans code lyoko
Et la technique des technos
Et l'honneteté de Pinocchio
Je vis le voyage de Chihiro
Jsuis nerveux comme dessoto
Je te passerais pas mon numero
J'ai pris la grosse tête de Calimero
OK
T'as fumé la moquette
Princesse Mononoké
Un putain de casse-tête
Dragon noir invoqué
Pourquoi tu te la pètes
Jvais pas te peloter
Ma dégaine de prêtre
J'aime bien mettre les racines au carré
Car j'ai le talent de la race canine
Non les folkiers ne sont pas enterrés
On a juste pris 2 grammes de morphine
Clap Clap
Tout le monde est d'attaque
La trap je la traque
J'T'attrap à la matraque
J'te parle pas d'la tiqueTac
Fringué comme un pac pac
Je n'aime pas les kit kat
Je ne n'suis pas un man-pac
Hin
On est la on est prêts
Je suis rentré dans le game depuis le "yo jsuis posey"
C'est l'amour dans les prés
Et c'est la fin de l'entrée

ENTREZ ENTREZ ENTREZ ENTREZ ENTREZ ENTREZ
ON EST LA LES GARS
HOURTINX ZOO
CJ
SKUSKU
SNEARFLEX TOUJOURS
VISHNUU
CJ
OUAIS OUAIS OUAISWe fell in love
It wasn't enough
I lost my mind
Till I can't find me
Fight, rage, love, yeah, yeah
We fell in love
It wasn't enough, yeah
We fell in love
We fell in
It wasn't enough, nough', nough' (psyke)
We fell in love
It wasn't enough

I gave you my word you wanted my word and you didn't trust (mm yeah)
I can't look at my phone I can't pick up my phone is you calling my bluff? (mm yeah)
I just know how it goes when you're all alone needed me is a must (mm)
She was my one and only, I left her lonely like she don't know me
Tell a nigga if I know myself then what the hell can he show me?
Tell a nigga don't you call me don't you phone me talking baloney
African man and I'm stuck god got me walking around the world like I know this shit
Tryna' figure this shit if you saw me
I'm ready to die you don't know me
How could I abide by the low-keys
I live with the P fuck the morphine
They tryna' steal away the sauce from a born thief
I just had pebs in the box like they're Maltesers
Tapped into my brain became more lethal
Took over the world like a black beetle
Got me the bag and I raised up my own people (whew, pshh)
They tryna' lose us everyday
I still talk to Judas everyday
I'm still tryna' get clue'd up renegade
My niggas will do ya, like Sellotape
Niggas sticky and glue'd up real pain (psyke)
In my head like a tumour, black skin
And they've been tryna' lose us
Pick a side low or high (low or high)
Young kids seeing genocide (genocide)
Niggas shot by the red light (red light)
Turn green they'll know next time
Live in rage watch the murder rise
Talk acid by the third eye
Stand tall watch it birds eye
I've seen it all with no lie (no lie)
Best advice live your best life (yeah, yeah)
We're gonna' see it when you die die (mm, yeah, yeah)
We're gonna' see it when you die die

My spot high all the time
My spot high all the time
I should let my soul eat my mental health
Even though they fold I can't change my code
Be smart control your life, hey you never know?
Watch me float, watch me go, take this road
I know you can't cope
Blood on my back
All them lies, you even saw
All them lies, you even sawYh
Telo 2016
And this one is going out to all my haters mehn
You know i love y'all
Yh

Like a blackberry network man I'm balling on edge
I said spare me the trash like I was yelling on edge
I'm like a fed up bear when I attack you at first
And when I can't bare you no more I'll come at you head first
In this rap army boy you're a leuitenant colonel
Had to take a break from work so I lodged into your girl
She saw I was heading down south then attacked my north pole
After a vigorous ride I drove her back to your home
Your girl likes telenovelas she got a lot on her shelf
I said I like how they speak and she got ahead of herself
Mic 12 is what you call on your mic test
I see you hating cuz I ball 7 digit mic cheques
With my John cent flow you can never be me
I've gone oceanic big you can never see me
Thinking their flow titanic cuz they never met me
I'm tip of the iceberg you should never test me

I'm amazing every time I enter a room I make the whole building stop — oh yeah (2x)
I'm amazing with just the scent of my hair I can steal your girl — oh yeah (2x)
I'm amazing my swatch wristwatch can prolly buy your whole life — oh yeah (2x)
I'm amazing my rhymes on a beat can cure ebola see I feel on top of the world

My building block of rhymes make a story building
Bow down to my throne as i stay on the seat
You better back out now cuz you stare at defeat
If money maketh joy then I'm still freaking happier
I'm reeling in Dough like I caught a big tilapia
Fabricating dough like I tailor the game, your career hangs by a thread so time to join the lates
See
Surfing on the beat you know my flow like a tsunami
I'm flooding this verse so keep it just between you and me
I'm going back to track you can call me a bag
Better run for cover cuz youre under attack
I stick to my roots and branch out in style
Haters try to stem my growth and I just leave them to try
With my meteorite flow it's obvious I'm a young star but that could also mean that I'm a rock star
Rough start
But you know I'm unstoppable

I'm amazing every time I enter a room I make the whole building stop — oh yeah (2x)
I'm amazing with just the scent of my hair I can steal your girl — oh yeah (2x)
I'm amazing my swatch wristwatch can prolly buy your whole life — oh yeah (2x)
I'm amazing my rhymes on a beat can cure ebola see I feel on top of the world

Religious lines, I drop bombs like I'm Isis
Cold hearted flow, just as cold as ice is
A nuisance on the beat call that truant behaviour
Hustling all summer call that true ant behaviour
I don't play with waitresses I just put the tip in
Dirty things spring up in my mind cuz it is twisted
Girls acting up kinda like it is scripted
The brains were due so I guess that I missed head
Yup yup
Took your swag you can call me Mr steal cool
Your girl on all fours got her like a still stool
If I follow back on twitter please don't mention
Got these rappers so scared got them at attention
So don't mind my words you know I like to play too
I'm a capital fool my state of mind is the plateau
Addicted to my sick beats it's like your morphine
And one more thing

I'm amazing every time I enter a room I make the whole building stop — oh yeah (2x)
I'm amazing with just the scent of my hair I can steal your girl — oh yeah (2x)
I'm amazing my swatch wristwatch can prolly buy your whole life — oh yeah (2x)
I'm amazing my rhymes on a beat can cure ebola see I feel on top of the worldBeyond lame, can't afford a pik so my hair is Untamed, I got an imaginary clique of the same name, but was changed due to copyright man, for gods sake can never catch a break, have aches in the brain no consolation from codeine, enes like morphine, but morphine  brings more fiends, so I morph into ash and rose from it like the phoenix named derrick, this shit's hysteric-al
Dac-pterocal, lyrical miracle, graced at a pace similar to bear mace, national geographical has to carry this to protect there ass from beasts of danger, eat up, rabies, baby JESUS, foamin' turns manger, where i'm from only erratic lane changers, lets start a wager i'll fool some kids with a van that screams ICE CREAM that's offered by a stranger;(Chuckle) i'm also the buddy of Mr.Rager

(Lion roar)

Tyler: I hate rapping. Only because it put's you in this like, in this box
Tyler: People look at you different "Oh he's a rap artist, that doesn't take much talent"
Larry King: No but you just said, you just said you don't wanna rap anymore
Tyler: I don't, I don't, I just wanna compose music
Larry King: So you got famous rapping
Tyler: Yeah
Larry King: But you're leaving the world of rap, but you've been successful in other areas
Tyler: Yeah I mean, I'm
Larry King: You don't need rap
Tyler: I'm talented enough to do other things, but I don't know i'm pretty bored with it, It's not interesting, and I don't wanna be; like in the future I wanna like I wanna do films, I want people mention my name up next to Wes Anderson or Quentin Tarantino, I don't wanna be, I don't want my name to be mentioned next to other rappers
Larry King: I got it
Tyler: At all
Larry King: How old are you ?
Tyler: 23
Larry King: Psst, you're like, you're a baby, I mean you're a kid kid, you are young
Tyler: I guess, I don't feel no, I don't even know how old I feelEverybody's hungry and I know that
Boy I've been hungry from throwback
Never get greedy man keep it real
Don't hate 'em we can finally eat a meal
Yeah I'm happy that I left the roads early it's the raw theme
More dreams, no morphines, climbing I got sore knees
Hungry more than ever before, music be my morphine
My Fire in the Booth's a bag of shit but I was 14
London accents faded now I'm older
Yeah I'm guessing I was too inspired trying to be like Collah
I'm from Manny where the streets itself never stay sober
Deleted all the tracks with London accent in my folder
All these guns I'm sick of them bars
You got a Buzz not bigger than ours
Always working keep it moving, we stay German living in cars
Yeah it's mad when family curses family, yeah it's really insane
I couldn't see you for a while, are you feeling my pain, mummy
Never knew my real self, I'm back trynna be me
I'm different now, I used to jump in gas trying to find the P3
Now I'm trying to be free, I'm just wanna see mills
My boy robbed my boy, was it worth it, it was like three bills
Everybody's hungry and I know that
Boy I've been hungry from throwback
Never get greedy man keep it real
Don't hate 'em we can finally eat a meal 
Yeah I'm rapping but I'm Muslim, they saying that it's bad and wrong, I hardly see my family due to Fuqr (Being Poor)  man it's sad and long
Long time I haven't been home and seen me and Adam bond
Trying to make a change, but it's like I need a magic wand
It's deep that's the little me, it's crazy as a feeling
That's two of his brothers dead before they even seen him
Never had real love, they say I need a Misses
Me I say I need a four, five to blow my own wishes
Because the devil keeps his claws high, the demon blows kisses
And we sinners so we stand at the corner where he pisses
First blow gets the wishes, fire in the air
I was trying to find a wish to blow, the fire wasn't there
And I told my dad, my boy's family, man he's like my bro
He told me son your only family is the family at home
I can't lie, I'm kinda slipping B
This music shit is slippery
All these bitches tryna fuck and all these man are dissing me
Everybody's hungry and I know that
Boy I've been hungry from throwback
Never get greedy man keep it real
Don't hate 'em we can finally eat a meal What were you thinking?
I don't know, that's a really good question, because I've been driving myself insane. Making a complete ass of myself! Literally trying everything possible to save what we've had! And you've been throwing yourself at

The Man in the Attic

She was there standing in the cold rain
I could feel her, could see her pain
I could know her, even though I felt shame
Something about her just felt so tame
Little did I know, right?
Didn't even know right
Couldn't even show right
Wouldn't even go right
Even if I could, I wouldn't change it
Even if I could I wouldn't make it
Go right, 'cuz if I did I wouldn't have him too
Then what would I do? Where would I be?
What do you see when you see me?
I could see her toes, that's what I know
And in the end she was my hoe
My love into lust
I got to bust
Inside her. Feels so wrong to say it out loud
And I'm not proud
Now I have a child
Won't come for a while
I'll be gone for a while
Know that ain't her style
But it's how has to be
And I'll miss you Tracy
I love you

I made a baby with Tracy
I made a baby with Tracy
Heading to the attic? Maybe
Tracy's driving me crazy

Every girl I see
God I do repeat
I need a good fuck
Roofie ten buck
I really don't care
Yeah put it there
If her age on the clock
She gonna get the cock
I be that Rock solid
Twelve year old balling
Delve in that, yeah I'm cave crawling
I don't wanna hit
I ain't taking shits
I be playing Roblox quick
Like mad murderer and ooga booga
I be finding cures and dodging shooters
Even Malone ain't gra-ta-ta!
You gonna be oppressed like a 2Pac song
I got an inventory filled with packages and hats
I ain't flexing, I'm just checking your privilege cause you ain't black
And boy if I want I'll pillage
Ain't coy I'll take what I want and I be killing
Racking up that K.O. stat, you know I'm willing
Wipe-outs equal none, I'm a hero
Breath ain't arctic but my catalog subzero
You're like a fat chick that's a queer hoe
You can't change my mind, but you can make the truth clear though
I'm no NF or Eminem
I'm an em-effin'
Police pig
I ain't competing with Kamikaze or Kulture
No FouseyTube or red vultures
I'm beefing with stick Masters
I think faster
Shoot first, ask after

I made a baby with Tracy
I made a baby with Tracy
Heading to the attic? Maybe
Tracy's driving me crazy

The first time I saw you, I didn't feel a thing
Last time I saw you, yeah, that shit sting, but
Now that you're gone, yeah, I still got problems
Sewer Drain Child and we getting all the dollars
If you tried bitch, yeah, you could catch a holler (ay)
I was so focused, tryna get that dollar, what
All the feeling went away, I been reeling from the pain
You can't hold me back
Shut the curtains fade to black
All the shit you lack, yeah, Tracy you fuckin' wack
Hope you die from a heart attack

I made a baby with Tracy
I made a baby with Tracy
Heading to the attic? Maybe
Tracy's driving me crazy

Left the house in my mid-teens
Filling up on that morphine
Never tried to end up here
But neither did the Weinstein
Living up
Chasing dreams
Want to be the next big thing
But here we are
In this dark place
New name and a new face
Gotta go just in case
Here we are
The Man in the AtticParoles de Mons ''Outro''
- Eh, calmi calmi calmi aweldi Othmane, mohim 3endek ghir une Schizophrénie paranoïque, donc matkhafch ghandebto l2omor
(le docteur marche)
Halima, 3afa benti degolo chi bra dial l'Morphine, bin man3ess wn7ydoulo l3e9el dialo
-La, la tl9i menni, klab yn3el..mkom, tel9i menni, la, la, la, ana mamridch, la ana mamridch, laaaSee I wake up every morning with these thoughts up in my head
Is it really right to live? Are we supposed to reach for death?
You know what's on the corner, gunshots slick around the corner
Welcome to America: The thriving of them coroners
And I can't even bitch I'm a product of this shit
My conscious been missing since 2006
Riding in that Civic with that liquor in my breath
Late hours of the night, you can't even watch your step
But you catch the flying fist, and you hear the step-step
Doors close now them targets find some new heads
Now will I be forgotten by the few that I encounter?
Already seen it happen so that's not a thought to ponder
I wonder if my wonders will be wondered
I'm stuck between my pride and my ego
The common male trio
I wonder if I'll ever live to see the big 3-0

Ayo, these daily thoughts will haunt you
Quit trying to look away, daily thoughts define you
Embrace the daily knowledge hidden deep within you
Only you create reality - so what you gon' do?
Ayo, these daily thoughts will haunt you
Quit trying to look away, daily thoughts define you
Embrace the daily knowledge hidden deep within you
Only you create reality - so what you gon' do?

See my dreams stay vivid, sometimes got me thinkin'
It's two lives I'm living, lifted out the spirit
Risen out my body
My mind's more than brain matter, sittin' in the lobby
DMT releasing got my soul traveling galaxies
You call it sleep, I call it mind and soul seek therapy
So what the presence be?
But nothing more than what you see
A dream within a dream, reality on morphine
I'm walking streets, glasses on, but my vision still cloudy
Enlightened by the sun, see the light shine through me
Enlightened in the mental, see the colors right through you
Moving in the silence, never see my steps to you
Now as a thought to ponder
I wonder if my wonders will be wondered
I'm stuck between my pride and my ego
The common male trio
Uh, the common male trio...

Ayo, these daily thoughts will haunt you
Quit trying to look away, daily thoughts define you
Embrace the daily knowledge hidden deep within you
Only you create reality - so what you gon' do?
Ayo, these daily thoughts will haunt you
Quit trying to look away, daily thoughts define you
Embrace the daily knowledge hidden deep within you
Only you create reality - so what you gon' do?Last Saturday night I got married
Me and my wife settled down
But me and my wife have parted
I'm gonna take another stroll downtown
Irene goodnight (goodnight Irene)
Irene goodnight
Goodnight Irene, goodnight Irene
I'll get you in my dream
Stop your ramblin'
Stop your gamblin'
Stop stayin' out late, late at night
Go home to your wife and your family
Sit down by your fireside so bright
Irene goodnight (Irene)
Irene goodnight
Goodnight Irene, goodnight Irene
I'll get you in my dream
I love Irene and I swear I do (yes)
Love 'er, love 'er, love 'er, love 'er, love 'er
Love 'er, love 'er, love 'er, love 'er
Still the sea runs dry
And if Irene ever turns her back on me
I'm gonna take morphine and die
Irene goodnight
Goodnight, goodnight, goodnight
Goodnight, goodnight, goodnight
Irene goodnight
Goodnight Irene, goodnight Irene
I'll get you in my dreamShakedown 1979
Cool kids never have the time
On a live wire right up off the street
You and I, should meet
Junebug skipping like a stone
With the headlights pointed at the dawn
We were sure we'd never see an end to it all
And I don't even care to shake these zipper blues
And we don't know just where our bones will rest
To dust, I guess
Forgotten and absorbed to the earth below
Double cross the vacant and the bored
They're not sure just what we have in store
Morphine city slippin' dues down to see that
We don't even care, as restless as we are
We feel the pull in the land of a thousand guilts
And poured cement, lamented and assured
To the lights and towns below
Faster than the speed of sound
Faster than we thought we'd go, beneath the sound of hope
Justine never knew the rules
Hung down with the freaks and ghouls
No apologies ever need be made
I know you better than you fake it, to see
That we don't even care to shake these zipper blues
And we don't know just where our bones will rest
To dust, I guess
Forgotten and absorbed to the earth below
The street heats the urgency of now
As you see, there's no one around**Verse 1**
I don't think I'm gonna hit snooze this morning
I think I rather live today
I'm in such a giving mood
Got so many gifts that I really wanna give the day
But I just had a procedure
I should get to resting
Praise the Lord for my blessings
Amen, praise the Lord for my blessings
Reaching for the morphine Judas gave me
Please don't hate me, Jesus
Save me!
Fuck it
Someone ... tell me that it's undone
I don't need reality right now
Where's Springs of the Devil?
I'm done - off Springs of the Devil
Devil Springs for breakfast
Numbing the pain from the wisdom teeth
Or lack thereof
No need to be acting tough
This shit hurts like a bitch
I wish I was a kid forever
Growing pains, knowing things - the main drives of my stress
**Bridge**
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Oo-oh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Oo-oh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
**Hook**
Smack me in my face
I need a wake-up call
I'm standing on my path
But it's just way too long
What's my fascination with procrastination?
I should be gone, gone, gone
I should be ...
Money, success, fame, glamour
Money, success, fame, glamour
**Verse 2**
Consuming piff for epiphanies
I want to live a century beyond my death
Pushing 24's like Jeff
Speaking of which: high hopes that I score like that
Night, day - ton of gluttony of gold and the purp'
Five star table full of extra extroverts
I be dreaming 'bout it, envisioning it
Ambiguous city - I'm just living in it
Sinning ain't shit if you lack faith, right?
Big used to sin, but he had Faith right?
Said he rather go to Hell
That ain't right
Lived ready to die?
That can't be life
Is that what success gonna do to me
Or was that how it used to be?
Before he met a Diddy;
Before he hit a millie?
Fuck all that
Trade trains for an Aston
Buses turn Phantoms
Crib for some answers
Inquiry for answers, answers, answers, answers, answers
**Hook**
Smack me in my face
I need a wake-up call
I'm standing on my path
But it's just way too long
What's my fascination with procrastination?
I should be gone, gone, gone
I should be ... (gone, gone, gone, gone)
Money, success, fame, glamour
Money, success, fame, glamour
Check that:
Money, success, fame, glamour
Money, success, fame
**Verse 3**
Pessimist: half empty
Optimist: half full
The opportunist just had it
The sadist fill the glass with some acid
Like, what the fuck?
Oh dear, that's that shit
Which one made it to the top though?
Epiphanies - got those
But I fail to carry through
Where the fuck is my self-will?
If I don't make it then myself will
Held hostage to a doubt though
But I know I gotta get up out though
Confession: I always give a fuck, bitch
How else would I love this?
If I didn't really think I had a chance
To make it, then I'd never really think that I'd advance to ...
The booth in which I'm giving you this message I was sent
In a vision I'd resent
If it was never sent to me taking in a sedative
Chilling with the dentist until
I fell into the real world
The we-can-never-see world
'Never' is the keyword
Cause you will NEVER see her
She said:
"You're looking at a star when you see your reflection
Strive for perfection"
She told me that I'll make it
And I believe her
I need her
Yeah, I love anesthesia
**Hook**
She smacked me in my face
She's my wake-up call
I should be gone
I should be gone
I should be gone
I should be gone
I should be gooo-o-ooo-ooone
She smacked me in my face
(Money, success, fame, glamour)
She's my wake-up call
(Money, success, fame, glamour)
(I should be gone
I should be gone
I should be gone)
Check that money, success, fame, glamour
Money, success, fame
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Oo-oh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Oo-oh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Oh yeah, we want it, right?"4... 3... 2... 1..." - repeated throughout song

Yo, yeah, love New York
Love New York, yo, yo

I sit pretty in the city of lights, cameras and action
Highway car chases, rappers beatin' body cases
I ask no questions, so don't give me no answers
N.Y.C., home of the Yankees and Giants
Rappers alliance, capitol of drugs and violence
Biggest projects in the world, it's Queensbridge and the Hook
Federal crooks that took, crazy money this year
White collar the crime, and I ain't get a company dime
I hustle and grind, until I get what's rightfully mine

E-Y-E, L-O-V-E, N-Y, I flip a pie from Bed-stuy to C.I
E-Y-E, L-O-V-E, N-Y, on the B.Q.E., from B.K. to Q.B
E-Y-E, L-O-V-E, N-Y...

It's money and muscle, my M1's and my duns
All strapped for gunplay, I pops in Kay Slay
To we New York from the talk down to the walk
Down to layin' down, white gowns and chalk
What ya'll thought? Coney Island niggas don't get out?
Pearl Handle flip out, spit a half a clip out
Where ya'll been? Ya'll never seen, thugs this clean
Spit sixteen's, still flippin' morphine
And who says we can't live a life of Spalding
Cop a Wallgreen, and make all green clean

E-Y-E, L-O-V-E, N-Y, I flip a pie from Bed-stuy to C.I
E-Y-E, L-O-V-E, N-Y, on the B.Q.E., from B.K. to Q.B
E-Y-E, L-O-V-E, N-Y, reppin' the B.X., while puffin' 'dro in Y-O
E-Y-E, L-O-V-E, N-Y, be with Red and La, on the low in L.I
E-Y-E, L-O-V-E, N-Y, and money makin' Manhattan, straight gun clappin'
E-Y-E, L-O-V-E, N-Y, with the Clan, wildin', representin' Shaolin
E-Y-E, L-O-V-E, N-Y, we take it there, we take it anywhere, go there
E-Y-E, L-O-V-E, N-Y, we take it there, we take it anywhere, go there

Word is bond, yo, what's up with ya'll dudes?
I treat ya'll like roaches and clap ya'll fools
One by one, I'll impress ya'll dudes
Big water bug thugs, I eat ya'll food
What, who want it with the bad men? The act up man
Got big things to back up, man
Ya'll never listen 'til I have to clap up man
Strap up man, load 'em up and pack up man
Now you want war? You don't want nothin'
Cause on the streets, my peeps keep the heat
And leave all beef well done
You act brolic, but you frail, son
You better bail, son, mess around, make this hammer leave you nail, son
I be the Bam Bam, Bronx style bad man
Bald head black man, ready for the action
Meet if you want, I pump holes in ya'll
I love N.Y. 'til the day it's over, ya'llYou call me morphine, let's stop a second
You call me morphine, let's stop a second
You call me morphine, let's stop a second

You can't tell a single thing
You're laying down slowly
You want the world to turn around
Distinct and slowly die

So you call it past
Don't you care anymore
Broken down outside the door
You can't regret anymore

The boldest statue crumbles inside
Too young to try
Too far to realise
Where do we go when we are meant to be strong
Fresh on the ice
Be bold in the eyes

You call me morphine, let's stop a second
You call me morphine, let's stop a second
You call me morphine, let's stop a secondWhen it's cold, time has frozen
There are no strangers around
Empty streets on horizon
And shelter cannot be found
Someone says that you're falling
Someone says that you're going down
Don't believe, dont be crawling
You would better run, better run
Just only stars that shining in the dark
Can understand and give you that one spark
Through moonlight miles i'm calling back to you
Can't you see that this heart is beating true
Morphine lights, spreading windows
Are gleaming just like a ghost
Then it seems that you're bleeding
And all connections are lost
Someone says that you're falling
Someone says that you're going down
Don't believe, don't be crawling
You would better run, better run
Just only stars that shining in the dark
Can understand and give you that one spark
Through moonlight miles i'm calling back to you
Can't you see that this heart is beating true
This universe is too small
My feelings accrue
And with electrical flow
I know, I'll see you
This universe is too small
My feelings accrue
And with electrical flow
I know, I'll see youI am writing this under an appreciable mental strain, since by tonight I shall be no more. Penniless, and at the end of my supply of the drug which alone makes life endurable, I can bear the torture no longer; and shall cast myself from this garret window into the squalid street below. Do not think from my slavery to morphine that I am a weakling or a degenerate. When you have read these hastily scrawled pages you may guess, though never fully realise, why it is that I must have forgetfulness or death.
It was in one of the most open and least frequented parts of the broad Pacific that the packet of which I was supercargo fell a victim to the German sea-raider. The great war was then at its very beginning, and the ocean forces of the Hun had not completely sunk to their later degradation; so that our vessel was made a legitimate prize, whilst we of her crew were treated with all the fairness and consideration due us as naval prisoners. So liberal, indeed, was the discipline of our captors, that five days after we were taken I managed to escape alone in a small boat with water and provisions for a good length of time.
When I finally found myself adrift and free, I had but little idea of my surroundings. Never a competent navigator, I could only guess vaguely by the sun and stars that I was somewhat south of the equator. Of the longitude I knew nothing, and no island or coast-line was in sight. The weather kept fair, and for uncounted days I drifted aimlessly beneath the scorching sun; waiting either for some passing ship, or to be cast on the shores of some habitable land. But neither ship nor land appeared, and I began to despair in my solitude upon the heaving vastnesses of unbroken blue.
The change happened whilst I slept. Its details I shall never know; for my slumber, though troubled and dream-infested, was continuous. When at last I awaked, it was to discover myself half sucked into a slimy expanse of hellish black mire which extended about me in monotonous undulations as far as I could see, and in which my boat lay grounded some distance away.
Though one might well imagine that my first sensation would be of wonder at so prodigious and unexpected a transformation of scenery, I was in reality more horrified than astonished; for there was in the air and in the rotting soil a sinister quality which chilled me to the very core. The region was putrid with the carcasses of decaying fish, and of other less describable things which I saw protruding from the nasty mud of the unending plain. Perhaps I should not hope to convey in mere words the unutterable hideousness that can dwell in absolute silence and barren immensity. There was nothing within hearing, and nothing in sight save a vast reach of black slime; yet the very completeness of the stillness and the homogeneity of the landscape oppressed me with a nauseating fear.
The sun was blazing down from a sky which seemed to me almost black in its cloudless cruelty; as though reflecting the inky marsh beneath my feet. As I crawled into the stranded boat I realised that only one theory could explain my position. Through some unprecedented volcanic upheaval, a portion of the ocean floor must have been thrown to the surface, exposing regions which for innumerable millions of years had lain hidden under unfathomable watery depths. So great was the extent of the new land which had risen beneath me, that I could not detect the faintest noise of the surging ocean, strain my ears as I might. Nor were there any sea-fowl to prey upon the dead things.
For several hours I sat thinking or brooding in the boat, which lay upon its side and afforded a slight shade as the sun moved across the heavens. As the day progressed, the ground lost some of its stickiness, and seemed likely to dry sufficiently for travelling purposes in a short time. That night I slept but little, and the next day I made for myself a pack containing food and water, preparatory to an overland journey in search of the vanished sea and possible rescue.
On the third morning I found the soil dry enough to walk upon with ease. The odour of the fish was maddening; but I was too much concerned with graver things to mind so slight an evil, and set out boldly for an unknown goal. All day I forged steadily westward, guided by a far-away hummock which rose higher than any other elevation on the rolling desert. That night I encamped, and on the following day still travelled toward the hummock, though that object seemed scarcely nearer than when I had first espied it. By the fourth evening I attained the base of the mound, which turned out to be much higher than it had appeared from a distance; an intervening valley setting it out in sharper relief from the general surface. Too weary to ascend, I slept in the shadow of the hill.
I know not why my dreams were so wild that night; but ere the waning and fantastically gibbous moon had risen far above the eastern plain, I was awake in a cold perspiration, determined to sleep no more. Such visions as I had experienced were too much for me to endure again. And in the glow of the moon I saw how unwise I had been to travel by day. Without the glare of the parching sun, my journey would have cost me less energy; indeed, I now felt quite able to perform the ascent which had deterred me at sunset. Picking up my pack, I started for the crest of the eminence.
I have said that the unbroken monotony of the rolling plain was a source of vague horror to me; but I think my horror was greater when I gained the summit of the mound and looked down the other side into an immeasurable pit or canyon, whose black recesses the moon had not yet soared high enough to illumine. I felt myself on the edge of the world; peering over the rim into a fathomless chaos of eternal night. Through my terror ran curious reminiscences of Paradise Lost, and of Satan’s hideous climb through the unfashioned realms of darkness.
As the moon climbed higher in the sky, I began to see that the slopes of the valley were not quite so perpendicular as I had imagined. Ledges and outcroppings of rock afforded fairly easy foot-holds for a descent, whilst after a drop of a few hundred feet, the declivity became very gradual. Urged on by an impulse which I cannot definitely analyse, I scrambled with difficulty down the rocks and stood on the gentler slope beneath, gazing into the Stygian deeps where no light had yet penetrated.
All at once my attention was captured by a vast and singular object on the opposite slope, which rose steeply about an hundred yards ahead of me; an object that gleamed whitely in the newly bestowed rays of the ascending moon. That it was merely a gigantic piece of stone, I soon assured myself; but I was conscious of a distinct impression that its contour and position were not altogether the work of Nature. A closer scrutiny filled me with sensations I cannot express; for despite its enormous magnitude, and its position in an abyss which had yawned at the bottom of the sea since the world was young, I perceived beyond a doubt that the strange object was a well-shaped monolith whose massive bulk had known the workmanship and perhaps the worship of living and thinking creatures.
Dazed and frightened, yet not without a certain thrill of the scientist’s or archaeologist’s delight, I examined my surroundings more closely. The moon, now near the zenith, shone weirdly and vividly above the towering steeps that hemmed in the chasm, and revealed the fact that a far-flung body of water flowed at the bottom, winding out of sight in both directions, and almost lapping my feet as I stood on the slope. Across the chasm, the wavelets washed the base of the Cyclopean monolith; on whose surface I could now trace both inscriptions and crude sculptures. The writing was in a system of hieroglyphics unknown to me, and unlike anything I had ever seen in books; consisting for the most part of conventionalised aquatic symbols such as fishes, eels, octopi, crustaceans, molluscs, whales, and the like. Several characters obviously represented marine things which are unknown to the modern world, but whose decomposing forms I had observed on the ocean-risen plain.
It was the pictorial carving, however, that did most to hold me spellbound. Plainly visible across the intervening water on account of their enormous size, were an array of bas-reliefs whose subjects would have excited the envy of a Doré. I think that these things were supposed to depict men—at least, a certain sort of men; though the creatures were shewn disporting like fishes in the waters of some marine grotto, or paying homage at some monolithic shrine which appeared to be under the waves as well. Of their faces and forms I dare not speak in detail; for the mere remembrance makes me grow faint. Grotesque beyond the imagination of a Poe or a Bulwer, they were damnably human in general outline despite webbed hands and feet, shockingly wide and flabby lips, glassy, bulging eyes, and other features less pleasant to recall. Curiously enough, they seemed to have been chiselled badly out of proportion with their scenic background; for one of the creatures was shewn in the act of killing a whale represented as but little larger than himself. I remarked, as I say, their grotesqueness and strange size; but in a moment decided that they were merely the imaginary gods of some primitive fishing or seafaring tribe; some tribe whose last descendant had perished eras before the first ancestor of the Piltdown or Neanderthal Man was born. Awestruck at this unexpected glimpse into a past beyond the conception of the most daring anthropologist, I stood musing whilst the moon cast queer reflections on the silent channel before me.
Then suddenly I saw it. With only a slight churning to mark its rise to the surface, the thing slid into view above the dark waters. Vast, Polyphemus-like, and loathsome, it darted like a stupendous monster of nightmares to the monolith, about which it flung its gigantic scaly arms, the while it bowed its hideous head and gave vent to certain measured sounds. I think I went mad then.
Of my frantic ascent of the slope and cliff, and of my delirious journey back to the stranded boat, I remember little. I believe I sang a great deal, and laughed oddly when I was unable to sing. I have indistinct recollections of a great storm some time after I reached the boat; at any rate, I know that I heard peals of thunder and other tones which Nature utters only in her wildest moods.
When I came out of the shadows I was in a San Francisco hospital; brought thither by the captain of the American ship which had picked up my boat in mid-ocean. In my delirium I had said much, but found that my words had been given scant attention. Of any land upheaval in the Pacific, my rescuers knew nothing; nor did I deem it necessary to insist upon a thing which I knew they could not believe. Once I sought out a celebrated ethnologist, and amused him with peculiar questions regarding the ancient Philistine legend of Dagon, the Fish-God; but soon perceiving that he was hopelessly conventional, I did not press my inquiries.
It is at night, especially when the moon is gibbous and waning, that I see the thing. I tried morphine; but the drug has given only transient surcease, and has drawn me into its clutches as a hopeless slave. So now I am to end it all, having written a full account for the information or the contemptuous amusement of my fellow-men. Often I ask myself if it could not all have been a pure phantasm—a mere freak of fever as I lay sun-stricken and raving in the open boat after my escape from the German man-of-war. This I ask myself, but ever does there come before me a hideously vivid vision in reply. I cannot think of the deep sea without shuddering at the nameless things that may at this very moment be crawling and floundering on its slimy bed, worshipping their ancient stone idols and carving their own detestable likenesses on submarine obelisks of water-soaked granite. I dream of a day when they may rise above the billows to drag down in their reeking talons the remnants of puny, war-exhausted mankind—of a day when the land shall sink, and the dark ocean floor shall ascend amidst universal pandemonium.
The end is near. I hear a noise at the door, as of some immense slippery body lumbering against it. It shall not find me. God, that hand! The window! The window!Represents G-Prod, Breezy, Hawa Jay
Mr Key, 2014 motherfucker
Run nigga!

Hawa jay dak li ghay fertek chmel
Dak li tla9 fi9 3ro9 lssano tkoun dker w gha thmel
Morceau b7al l'ghorbal rwappa 9ba7 ghan3zel
Ketro l7wala f'rap, madit lssani ghangzer
Dak li t7elwane f'domaine makrehch mskine iban fser
Dak li kherej 3inih w sma rasso gangster
Bdaw yhanchlo man rap kichi klab jay3a
Kibi3 garson bsmito rado rap 9ri3a
Chouf baghi t3refni chkoun bla matdor
Nhar t3rafni hbibi belkhal3a tbol men lor
F'soghri kbert mheyeb 3amri kent mehgor
Sewel fin 3chna igoulolik ach chefna
Dakchi li hamednah nta mazal tatmenah
Brahech rap mardine, baghine dwahom talfine
Disqui b7al l'Morphine, ghaybrikom kamline
Nhar thez fiya l3ine n7eyed l'mok tfer3ine
Matssewlnich wach anclashé système
Because my first punchlines 7akma 3liya bl'i3dame
Meli l'7aya ichefro kifach l'blad tzid l'goddam
Cha3b me9mo3 yakhmem, 7at 3la rassi Kalashnikov
9albi mat, ma3rfechi l'khof
7ar l'bekia medfone, 3andi f'l'jof malk ga3 wakha tkoun chkon
Rab wa7ed li me3boud, sme3tini w ma7mltinich 3ref rassek nta li me9ssod

At the moment I believe, I'll fight to make my dreams come true
I'll make mad when you prevent maintaining my taught

Rwappa dial zbel makanjawbkomch ana b'clash
7it l'ba3ra dialkom tkber, ghankertkom btrax
Malk katreta ghasber daba ja we9t l'khlass
Makatstahloch l'9bar l9bora dialkom brax
Lsanek f'rap madi, lsani Ninja Shaolin
3amrek tgoul b7ali wakha tjam3o 3lih
Kamline film rap premier rôle, ntaya figure
3amrek ghatchofni bi videur, hahaha
3azzi bgha rap w l'7did o sata b7al Caroll
Lambo w l'escalade machi wehda ostole
Hta f7alm kandssar ba9i 9ssar ou ntir a hbibi b'hélicoptère

At the moment I believe, I'll fight to make my dreams come true
I'll make mad when you prevent maintaining my taughtParoles de L'Morphine "La Cucaracha"We stood together in the open field
And heard the secrets that the night revealed
Then we chased the lie
Racing through the sky
Can we untangle guilt or innocence?
How hard we torture this ambivalence
Night will bring no dawn
Where has power gone?
For I'll steal your dreams while you are sleeping
And sell them for dust and cheap lust
And I'll slit your hope while you are weeping
And wipe the blood clean with morphine
Be my queen
The wind howls the black clouds
Around the storm at sea
I'm dropping at too great a speed
Come closer to me
On your hands and knees
Alone in the kill zone
How much is not enough, how much is through?
How long will I be getting over you?
How much grief and sin til a heart caves in?
Til a heart caves in
Til a heart caves inParoles de L'Morphine "Megamorphiniya"It's apparent to me my flows go over heads like transparancies
For projectors, metal detectors alert me to
Your attempts to enter the web sector
The organic morphine texture for walls of my minds hazy
Eyes gaze for days in amazement at the maze in words that i'm raisin'
At extraordinary rates
I'm coordinating breaks and frozen metal places
I skate metaphoric figure eights and slowly rotates
The ninety degrees and the infinite synergies descending
Through the entities and dense enemies minds my rhymes are mending
I drop rains and lots of hot flames by my minds three octane unleaded fuel
I beheaded fools with tools lent to me
From the surgeon friends from the 23rd century
The intensity the heat felt will melt foes
Instantaneously intensities cross globes
At the same time my rhymes change minds
And recepted through the effective
Attack the strange times connected line tracks and flows
So as we talk we grow like eaves thought sowed???
Primes enforced to the forced faults of the pro-gressin'
Mind maneuver master messenger
From the other side blessin ya
With an abnormal opening of a portal
See the three eyes of the immortal being
Observe the sights ya see and learn
Or ignore, continue disagreeing and burnIf you ever leave me, baby
Leave some morphine at my door
Cause it would take a whole lot of medication
To realize what we used to have
We don't have it anymore
There's no religion that could save me
No matter how long my knees are on the floor, oh
So keep in mind all the sacrifices I'm making
To keep you by my side
To keep you from walking out the door

Cause there'll be no sunlight
If I lose you, baby
There'll be no clear skies
If I lose you, baby
Just like the clouds
My eyes will do the same if you walk away
Everyday, it will rain
Rain, rain, ra-a-ain

You'll never be my mother's favorite
My daddy can't even look you in the eye
Oooh if I was in their shoes, I'd be doing the same thing
Saying there goes my little girl
Walking with that troublesome guy
But they're just afraid of something they can't understand
Oooh well little darling watch me change their minds
Yea for you I'll try, I'll try, I'll try, I'll try-y
I'll pick up these broken pieces 'til I'm bleeding
If that'll make you mine

Cause there'll be no sunlight
If I lose you, baby
There'll be no clear skies
If I lose you, baby
Just like the clouds
My eyes will do the same if you walk away
Everyday, it will rain
Rain, rain, ra-a-ain

Ooooh Don't you say
Goodbye, don't just say, goodbye
I'll pick up these broken pieces 'til I'm bleeding
If that'll make it right

Cause there'll be no sunlight
If I lose you, baby
There'll be no clear skies
If I lose you, baby
Just like the clouds
My eyes will do the same if you walk away
Everyday, it will rain
Rain, rain, ra-a-ainSink or Swim
1. Boomboxes and Dictionaries
2. I Coul'da Been a Contender
3. Wooderson
4. We Came to Dance
5. 1930
6. The Navesink Banks
7. Red in the Morning
8. I'da Called You Woody, Joe
9. Angry Johnny and the Radio
10. Drive
11. We're Getting a Divorce, You Keep the Diner
12. Red at Night
Señor and the Queen
1. Señor and the Queen
2. Wherefore Art Thou, Elvis?
3. Say I Won't (Recognize)
4. Blue Jeans & White T-Shirts
The '59 Sound
1. Great Expectations
2. The '59 Sound
3. Old White Lincoln
4. High Lonesome
5. Film Noir
6. Miles Davis & the Cool
7. The Patient Ferris Wheel
8. Casanova, Baby!
9. Even Cowgirls Get the Blues
10. Meet Me by the River's Edge
11. Here's Looking at You, Kid
12. The Backseat
13. Once Upon a Time
American Slang
1. American Slang
2. Stay Lucky
3. Bring It On
4. The Diamond Church Street Choir
5. The Queen of Lower Chelsea
6. Orphans
7. Boxer
8. Old Haunts
9. The Spirit of Jazz
10. We Did It When We Were Young
11. She Loves You
Handwritten
1. 45
2. Handwritten
3. Here Comes My Man
4. Mulholland Drive
5. Keepsake
6. Too Much Blood
7. Howl
8. Biloxi Parish
9. Desire
10. Mae
11. National Anthem
12. Blue Dahlia
13. Sliver
14. You Got Lucky
Get Hurt
1. Stay Vicious
2. 1,000 Years
3. Get Hurt
4. Stray Paper
5. Helter Skeleton
6. Underneath the Ground
7. Rollin' and Tumblin'
8. Red Violins
9. Selected Poems
10. Ain't That a Shame
11. Break Your Heart
12. Dark Places
13. Sweet Morphine
14. Mama's Boys
15. Halloween
16. Have Mercy
17. This Is Where We Part
18. Anywhere I Lay My HeadLost days in mari sol
Beta morphine blue
Dark clouds over the broad line
Trying shroud my moves
We stand so slight
I run you fight
I got lost and you got taken away
Slow moves out on corona
Trying to trace my debt
Rip back over the break line
Did you feel the wreck
We stand so slight
I run you fight
But you've seen life
Seen it move
Strike up in me
Strike out in you
You broke too soon
You got me wrong
There's wheat there's grain
But who wants to fly alone here
Are you gonna fly alone here
Are you gonna kill the pain
With all but air in your veins
And who wants to die alone here
Are you gonna die alone here
Don't you know that
No eye has seen
The depth of this rut
The truth never settles
On usOKEY !
Et j'suis d'retour sur ma vibe
La tue pas s'il te plait
J'suis perché sur mon arbre
De ma branche j'vois faux et vrai
J'prépare mes plans dans le noir ce soir il va encore pleuvoir
J'veux pas croiser Lucifer il se terre comme une vipère
Le roi est bientôt mort j'regarde les aiguilles tourner
J'compte les heures mais je sais qu'la mienne va arriver
Une fois sur le trône je serai a l'aise je serai vivant
J'reste en casquette basket en attendant
Frero c'est dans les pires moments que je me surpasse
EH !
C'est pas juste un petit tour de passe passe
EH !
Selon les cartes en main je manipule le jeu
OH !
J'pars en tapis rien a perdre faut être courageux
C'est a ces moments la qu'tu sens qu'tas fait une connerie
Merde
Si j'continue comme çà j'vais encore finir ivre, EH !
Pourquoi faire confiance on peut compter qu'sur soi ?
1,2,3,4,5 OK J'ai tout mes doigts
Putain vous pouvez pas tous être honnêtes
J'peux aussi etre Django le Karma est une bête
C'est pas une blague tu peux l'dire a ma tête
On va jouer a un jeu ça s'appelle la Roulette Russe
La société veut me conformer mais j'veux être différent !
On veut mon contrôler mais j'suis un conquérant !
Luka j'suis fasciné ! Je sais c'est sidérant !
Bon j'ai assez parlé je crois qu'c'est suffisant
"Je m'appelle Monkey D. Luffy ( Matic )"
"Nous les pirates on doit être fier de notre nom"
"Retenez bien mon nom car toute votre vie"
"Vous allez entendre parler de moi"
"Vous avez devant vous l'homme qui va devenir"
"Le prochain ROI DES PIRATES !"
Tu sais quoi ? A chaque fois J'repars a fond
Comme quoi gros j'veux vraiment devenir un champion
Le roi est bientôt mort j'regarde les aiguilles tourner
J'compte les heures mais je sais qu'la mienne va arriver
Une fois sur le trône je serai a l'aise je serai vivant
J'reste en casquette basket en attendant
J'viens challenger comme Ranieri, Oui je pars pas premier
Mais comme on dit on verra bien qui rira le dernier
J'ressens plus la douleur comme avec une dose de morphine
Même dans les bras de Morphée
J'ai d'la force dans ma poitrine
Déterminé comme un Kamikaze
J'vais pas te lâcher une seule occase
Base des bases et phase sur phase tu vas retenir le blaze
Imbattable comme si Spider-Man était Kleptomane
Yuki, L'Italie championne d'Europe ça serait  un drame !
YEAH ! Dédicase a Yuki !
L.MI see the sword of Damocles
Is right above your head
They're trying a new treatment
To get you out of bed
But radiation kills both bad and good
It can not differentiate
So to cure you they must kill you
The sword of Damocles hangs above your head

Now I have seen lots of peoples die
From car crashes or drugs
Last night on thirty third street
I saw a kid get hit by a bus
But this drawn out torture over which part of you lives
Is very hard to take
To cure you they must kill you
The sword of Damocles above your head

That mix of morphine and Dexedrine
We use it on the street
It kills the pain and keeps you up
Your very soul to keep
But this guessing game has its own rules
The good don't always win
And might makes right
The sword of Damocles is hanging above your head

It seems every thing's done that must be done
From over here though things don't seem fair
But there are things that we can't know
Maybe there's something over there
Some other world that we don't know about
I know you hate that mystic shit
It's just another way of seeing
The sword of Damocles above your headGhost dick got me falling down the snake pit
Sewer cock, I don't wanna get my face fit
Don't spit, melted palace
Acid drain, tip
Through the rings, floatin' Saturn
Outer body, cum drip
Troll blitz, cleanse my arm until I'm chaffin'
Head split
Might perform to keep my main tricks
Oh shit, mother's eyes about to cave in
Solar rings, floatin' Saturn
Out of my two casements
Glide
Pubic glide, pubic glide
Power slide
Yeah
Don't ever speak to my man
Don't ever speak to my man
I'm gonna give him everything
Don't ever speak to my man
Don't ever speak to my man
Don't ever speak to my man
Don't ever speak another thing
Don't ever speak to my man
Trick or troll, treat the crystal in your asshole
Excavate the legends of your hidden temple
Loosen up for the crooked goblin temples
Creampies bustin' on your basic virgin face-hole
Shock with morphine
Mother bird into the toilet
Order morphine
Channel hyper goblin forces
Order more rings
Pray to fight  your organ

Don't ever speak to my man
Don't ever speak to my man
I'm gonna give him everything
Don't ever speak to my man
Don't ever speak to my man
Don't ever speak to my man
Don't ever speak another thing
Don't ever speak to my manSurvival kit contents check. In them you will find one .45 caliber automatic, two boxes of ammunition, four days concentrated emergency rations, one drug issue containing antibiotics, morphine, vitamin pills, pep pills, sleepin' pills, tranquilizer pills, one miniature combination Russian (pronounced 'Rooshan') phrase book and Bible, $100 dollars in rubles, $100 dollars in gold, nine packs of chewin' gum, one issue of prophylactics, three lipsticks, three pair of nylon stockin's. Shoot, a fella could have a pretty good weekend in Vegas with all that stuff.Lying in the sickbed waiting to go
Fill me with morphine and Demerol
Swa__ of the cast off, just lye in the shade
Closer to Christ now, kneeling down on the blade
But don't leave me drowning
The river surrounds me and into my soul
Don't leave me lying, so closer to dying
So I need ____, stay to ___ on my way to go
The air of _____ floats through the h___
Woke me up crying next to you by the wall
Don't leave me scathing, the ashes are breaking
Me to my bones
Don't leave me lying, so ____ ____ dying
Down, down, down, downTwenty-five to life deep in the swamps of the LSP
There's no way out, but you can have a chance to feel free
Old Burl Cain's been known to put on a show
I'm gonna take my chance at the Angola rodeo
So while I do my time I'm gonna rope me some bovines
And be a king for a day, if it's only for a little while

I'll be an all-'round cowboy ropin' like Cadillac Jack
Ride a mustang 'round the ring, no saddle, it's called bareback
So when they open up that chute, I'll take the chit right off that brute
I'll have my commissary stocked with all my rodeo loot

Well, I found myself starin' down the nose of a Brahma bull
I got weak in my knees and the sweat started to pool
But he stopped, it seemed, just chasin' me around the ring
I shot up that wall just searchin' for somewhere to cling
I saw blood drippin' down his horn, I knew then that I'd been gored
Hell, anything's better than sittin' in a cell bein' bored

I spent sixteen weeks just healin' in infirmary
Compared to Camp J that was quite a luxury
"So, doctor, please, get me some morphine
And go easy on me, buddy, 'cause those beasts can't conquer me"
You know I'll be here next year, I got nothin' left to fear
And when you're in that cell you can shed a couple of tearsI remember our first meeting - your eyes were wide with hope and your voice clear with purpose. I remember the touch of your hands as you gently caressed my perforated edges. I never imagined that my edges weren't the only ones perforated - systematically torn...calculated...maniacal. I remember our first meeting.
I remember the day your eyes changed - the light behind them was fading. Maybe it was the influx of new information, or the way that you processed information was forced to change. Maybe it was an initiative beyond your control that declared you would not be left behind - but with each rip of the edge and each stroke of the pencil - you were fading...fading into the statistics. You were never a number to me - you were opportunity, acceptance, beauty...human. I remember our first meeting.
I remember the day your voice changed - when the sound of the thoughts in your head didn't match the tone of your voice. There was confusion, frustration, worry - worry that you wouldn't be enough, that your words would be wrong, your accent too thick, your shame too obvious, your score too low, your humanity sacrificed on the altar of what you once called your dignity - a victim of stuff deemed needed or good from a power you couldn't see but you could feel with every breath in your lungs. Every page was like an IV in your soul, dripping like morphine to dull the pain of the transfusion that is making you sick. I remember our first meeting.
I remember the questions I couldn't answer - resigned to just sit and watch as you drowned in the river of doubt that had eroded your once sturdy sand bar of self-confidence. I remember your grief as you lowered your head and made contact with my now half-empty pages. You could no longer stand because the experience to walk in shoes too small has made your feet unrecognizable. I remember our first meeting.
I remember how I failed at preparing you to answer questions you couldn't understand. I'm sorry I couldn't help you find the main idea in a story, identify characters, ask questions in a language you don't call your own, infer about characters you can't identify with, diagram sentences or spell. My pages couldn't open your skull and pour knowledge inside - instead they turned your brain into a black hole - incapable of discerning who you are and who I wanted you to become. I remember our first meeting.
I remember the day we said goodbye - knowing the goodbye was only genuine for one of us. Every part of me wanted to yell not to leave, to stay and make me valid, prove to the world that I was a tool that was working - but you didn't feel that way. You longed for something I couldn't give you - prayed for rain that would never come - hoped for repairs that had no specialist. You were lost, and I couldn't find you - you had been left behind.
I remember our first meeting - do you?The coffee at the hospital
Was a low-down nasty sludge
I got 19 compound fractures and
I'm talking to the judge
And if that judge don't bust you
I'll take you to the one that will
'Cause I would not be in traction if I did not fall in love
Call me a dumbbell, call me a spoiled sport
I tumbled down your staircase
And I'm taking you to court
If that court don't bust you, mama
I'll take you to the one that will
'Cause I would not be in traction if I did not fall in love
(Oh no!)
I would not be on morphine
I swear by god above
My arm and first 3 fingers
Are in a plaster glove
I would not be in traction if I did not fall in love
If that cop don't bust you baby
I'll take you to the one that will
'Cause I would not be in traction if I did not fall in love
The coffee at the hospital
Was a low-down nasty sludge
I got 19 compound fractures, baby
Talkin' to the judge
If that judge don't bust you, mama
I'll take you to the one that will
But I would not be in traction if I did not fall in loveJ'ai des fourmis dans les jambes
A force de rester debout, pour John Doe

Appelle-moi Monsieur Personne, je fais parti du décor
Genre de mec qui marche de trav' et qui nique les codes
Han, check mon résumé, personne ne pourra me raisonner
Je veux juste baiser l'Etat, jamais coupable, juste présumé
Appelle-moi Monsieur Personne, je fais parti du décor
Genre de mec qui marche de trav' et qui nique les codes
Han, check mon résumé, personne ne pourra me raisonner
Je veux juste baiser l'Etat, jamais coupable, toujours...

J'avais quoi ? 14 piges, déjà les nerfs à fleur de peau
Peur de personne, à 15 ans la mort m'effleure de peu
Jouer les gros bras quand on ne les a pas
C'est compliqué, il me fallait des hommes, des meilleurs appâts
Le chemin était long mais les ennemis allaient avec
Je voulais qu'on se baisse devant moi, comme muslim pour la Mecque
Première ligne blanche, avant le pack de 16
Ma vie un chemin parallèle bondé de flaques de sang
Et ça ne cesse de me plaire, ma mère devient barge, elle craque
Parce que je suis sorti de ta chatte que j'aime l'odeur de la drogue
Je respecte personne, je vais tous vous baiser un par un
Pas d'exception non, et encore moins pour mes parents
Je ne suis qu'une vieille téloche, ma vie c'est le noir et blanc nuancé
Les faits devant une flaque d'eau ne fera rien d'autre que du gris foncé
17 ans je craque, mais heureusement, la morphine est là
Il ne me reste plus qu'un an avant de sortir de l'orphelinatYou guys know that I had to do a fucking ignorant-ass track where I just flex on everybody, right?
C'mon, I feel like I'm way too damn humble in this fucking scene
This fucking music, "Soundcloud scene" whatever you wanna call it
You know? It's about time I talk my shit, heh, yuh, hey
You know what I'm sayin'? Fuck any other rapper
You know? Shit, I'm coming for your motherfuckin' necks now, Yah, Yah

Most of these rappers in the scene straight boring
 leaving him shine, no Chidori
It's about time y'all worry
Demons mine now, I'm in the house like Corey
Heard you got a problem then let's sort this
So many styles, you could pick out assortments
I don't feel none of y'all like morphine
I just body rappers and I don't say sorry
Talkin' on the internet, then I better make a sign now
 talkin' added and I got you on my sights now
Act like you the depressed, no you do it for the lights though
How you better wait for a title, but you can't make nothin'  not even one song
Bendin, her, bitch put some ice on
Wanna be the G.O.A.T., you gonna have to wait until I'm gone

I don't know why you look at me sideways
When I hear your shit, I tend to get migranes
Looking at your  eyes  gon' die today
If you really want to die then come try me
I don't know why you look at me sideways
When I hear your shit, I tend to get migranes
Looking at your  eyes gon' die today
If you really want to die then come try me

Straight control the mic, somethings sly though
And quick switch could distort your space time flow
And every other rapper they ain't better than idle
 my hands spin like gyro
Why you fetch for your idles like Fido
I'm tryna  focus like a 
Call me , I can do this with a blindfold
Light 'em all up, the blood spray like Lysol

Shock 'em, flow, reach for the kick-back 
Make his  red, and then I sip that slow
I don't break a sweat, bitch I just rip tracks
I'ma put the fresh in, don't even need no Tic Tac
Y'all  the damn grenade
I don't think you want the shit to escalate
My fans diggin' this like excavate
No time for idiots, there's bread to make

SAME SHIT
YOU'RE SO FUCKING SAME SHIT
YOU'RE SO FUCKING BASIC
ALWAYS DO THE SAME SHIT
YAH
SAME SHIT
YOU'RE SO FUCKING BASIC
ALWAYS DO THE SAME SHIT
YOU'RE SO FUCKING BASIC
YAH

I don't know why you look at me sideways
When I hear your shit, I tend to get migranes
Looking at your  eyes  gon' die today
If you really want to die then come try me
I don't know why you look at me sideways
When I hear your shit, I tend to get migranes
Looking at your  eyes gon' die today
If you really want to die then come try meI'm whipping my whip, I'm just pushing buttons woah
I'm whipping my whip, I'm just pushing buttons woah
I'm whipping my whip, I'm just pushing buttons woah

Everything a nigga rockin' got some Benjis 
And I'll never stop  she'll never stop 
I'll never stop killin', stop hating 
Show love to your family get money get money
Niggas get clapped by the police
Jersey in the winter with the warm seas
I got hoes that open like door keys
Sliding back from AZ on the AP popping morphine
I put digi diamonds on my wrist cos I'm futuristic
And don't save my  but you saving bitches
Live from the 
I ain't got an oxygen tank but I got extensions
We just taking back the day we put the plaque on the wall
Live from the hood I told 'em strap up my dog
I woke up brush my teeth and saw a star in the mirror
You can't sit around a nigga with a  full of fear
And you need a nigga to drive that
And you need a nigga with 
I know you just want me to push that
I'm whipping my whip, I'm just pushing buttons woah
I'm whipping my whip, I'm just pushing buttons woah
And you need a nigga with 

I'm whipping my whip, I'm just pushing buttons woah
And you need a nigga to drive that
And you need a nigga with 
I know you just want me to push that
I'm whipping my whip, I'm just pushing buttons woah
And you need a nigga to drive that
And you need a nigga with 
I know you just want me to push that
I'm whipping my whip, I'm just pushing buttons woahNew year new me
More beer more feind (morphine)
Great way to start a new year
Stressed so chug a couple beer
Then get smashed and yell fuck at a deer
2019 gonna be my motherfucking year
Know who I am
No money from the ATM
Broke as fuck but still trying
To get shit together no lying
Fuck a school fuck I'm cool
Fuck the old fuck the new
I'm here to cop a couple shoe
Cause mine barely surviving dude
Shit
Man not coming to school tomorrow or for a while
Cause they think I'm a terrorist, green mile
Man I'm on trial even tho shit saying I'm not lying with my smile
But fuck it let's kick him out for no reason
Great fucking start to a new season
New chapter no pastor
I'm a rapper rapping faster
Than the actor from pirates of penzance
Dependence
On my sentence
But they've already reached a consensus
On my sentence
Fuck(1st verse)
Make a brother wanna go insane
People told me to stay in my lane
Gun dressed, In sweet attire
You love me, You're a fucking liar
My heart, a dying fire
You pulled the trigger aimed at my chest
Man i'm breaking down
No regrets!
Wrist may be iced out but, ill never get your lies out my head
Breaking down, hand me, some percocets
Xanny hit me, like a turbo jet
Runny nose, sudafed
Promethazine and Morphine
Kill me faster Halloween
Halloween, come follow me
I just need some advice, you
Do me wrong, I do you right
You break my heart i paid the price
I roll the dice, i get fucked up i'm out of control
You call my phone
Leave me alone, i just need time
I'm sick and tired of this strife
(2nd Verse)
Look at that dress, i'm so impressed
I just wanna end it all
It makes no sense, euphorically intense
But i stand true and tall
Just like my momma raised me, can't nobody ever change that
He took you for granted he had an advantage
And all i did was try my best
And you fucked me over just like the rest
I set aside all your flaws
Eat em up like its jaws
Sarcastic applause
Did it for a better cause
You did it, you broke me, might as well fucking choke me
Fucking scars and broken hearts
Heart Racing faster than a go kart
Play em like mozart
He was street smart, I was book smart
I had more intellect
He runs the game, I sit in shame
Hoping for a way out
Its fucking dry, like a drought
Steady chasing less clout
Cause im outREFRAIN :
Tu veux me tester négro tu sais que j'suis hostile
La barre est haute,pour être un bandit faut que tu postule
Aujourd'hui tout le monde devient à l'aise quand j'éjacule
Sorti d'ma tracklist et tout les mc s'défilent
Tu veux me tester négro tu sais que j'suis hostile
J'ai même pas d'label j'te nique en rien qu'une compile
J'écris mes textes tout les soirs négro j'ai d'linspi
Mon style est magique, ton rap au bord du suicide
COUPLET 1 :
Fuck ces négros faibles, fuck ces négros fragiles
Ils avaient rien dans l'crane et maintenant ils se défilent
J'me présente "Biggie Black", "Blood" pour les intimes
Regard toi dans une glace j'nique ta vie au morphine
J'suis v'nu foudroyer l'rap j'nique ces rappeurs débiles
Ils racontent tous d'la merde ils deviennent tous scatofil
Une bonne monture pour me détendre me f'ra un grand bien
Mc j'imagine ton avenir dans tes poils pubiens
J'éxcel dans le rap game mais on ne le remarque pas
J'faisais des puchlines, les mc roulent en gova
Faitent place aux mc d'villiers le bel city
Trop de rappeur confondent les lances flamme et ma vessie
Négro j'les malmenes encore ils aiment la torture
J'suis déjas trop loin pour qu'ils m'atteigne toutes cette bande d'ordure
Bléssure au coeur ne guéri ap, mon gars rêve pas
La force de vivre est dans nos fleches donc j'les vise pas
REFRAIN...
COUPLET 2 :
Tout les jours négro, négro posé tous au block
Négro paye ta grains j'la termine au block
J'suis dans leur I pod  malgré que j'lai ai vaincu
Pire que des vaches folles ils rappent mais ils sont despi
Négro j'les baises mais je ne les touches pas
Grosses bouteille de grains mais ils ne boient pas
Tous les jours comme ça mon gars je ne blague pas
J'leurs dis que j'lache du lourd mais,mais ils me croient pas
J'me présente dans le game mais certains ne le supportent pas
Négro tu sais que j'suis fame alors ne me teste pas
Oui négro j'suis le best alors ne me juge pas
Oui négro fuck le reste ne t'en préocupe pas
J'suis l'dernier soldat le seul parmi ces mauvais
Ils prêchent d'la merde mais comment faire pour les écouter
J'détruis la prod négro mémorise mes instrus
T'en a la preuve gros tu sais que tu seras pas déçu
REFRAIN...Verse 1 (Hex One)
Formless figures in this dark abyss spawned with fingers
Born as diggers in this caustic mist the primordial triggers
From prime audio spinners to spitters to hoards of disks
To cosmic rifts just to keep an audience drawn with bliss
It begins through an infant galaxy's prevailing arms
Making songs with forces formulating covalent bonds
From a race that’s now erased and gone
And the eclectic yet neglected dialectic of these ancient psalms
He rose with prose before this sea of natives raised their arms and chose
The latest cars and clothes to weigh their cons and pros
And after all the hecklers of this rhyme craft
He still exhales the echoes of a time past and knows that though
This battered game is just a shadow of its former greatness
This ain't a battle just to scorn the fake shit we take it
From the dormant pawns that forfeit skill as they move through
To orbits that keep it real as they used to word bond
Chorus (x2)
A former shell of what it used to be
You swore it well but torn and frail is what it proves for me
Distorted tales of where these moves could lead
The stories tell the more it fell the more its roots could breathe
Verse 2 (Tek-nition)
She knows she's using her last paint brush smeared lipstick
Mixed in her MAC makeup to mask the last break up the past
This glass makes up for fashion panties yanked up her ass
This fast famous with class that crash and always laugh before destruction
Pure function that would ignore corruption but now it's poor production
Yearning more consumption right before she fucks him
She blasts his music really loud as the chorus thumps
In her soulless eyes a faint description of what she holds inside
Obsessed her estrogen is wetter than forest stream
Her medicine's like Claritin Excedrin and Morphine
It's nothing new her pussy spreads like it’s a quarantine
A plague to force a scheme unto its death or to a dormant dream
Another up and coming rapper with a morbid theme
Who wants to shine like an aurora beam and put on for his team
Such an allure to take a bad step her soul purpose
To explicitly purchase his soul 'til his last breath
Chorus (x2)
Verse 3 (Self the Bluest Eye)
Yo the Sharpie glisten so park it you gotta listen
I'm not a Christian but shit's been awfully gifted and so oddly lifted
That the starship's sitting side ways it sees it my way
The scripts the notes the first drafts and the colorful rhyme play
Observe it perfectly poetic and immersive
You hearing it one time and reminded later in first person
That's my word son sentence and punctuation these youngins hating
And stating fallacy and I don't feel up to wasting hard work
Cause being broke could make the stomach hurt
But starvation still ain't enough to make me wanna twerk and yo
Dudes fake and flirt with lakes of skirts but I
Relate from birth to death with rhymes that shake the earth
See I need this you bleed this overstand it how I sees this
It's like the truest love useless bunch you ain't even needed
You breathing my breaths I could be using to relieve the stress
The key is less more only ensures the game is death I miss how this used to be
Chorus (x2)We locked eyes on the elevator
Started my heart like an accelerator
We were going down, but my heartbeat was going up
Oh
It was such a sweet sensation
My cheeks flush like I'm on vacation
I'm trying, but I can't ignore the temptation
It seems I've fallen down and I don't want to get up
Somebody help me
I'm feeling dizzy
Sweating and I'm getting frizzy
It's got me seeing stars
Oh
We're standing here waiting
I feel like I'm fainting
But I'm not complaining
'Cause maybe you know CPR
You got off on floor two and everything went black
I guess I never loved you
I was having a legitimate heart attack
I'm on the floor of the elevator
Does anyone have a defibrillator?
I thought I was love-sick
But the symptoms are lining up
Oh
It was such a sweet sensation
Mixed with ventricular fibrillation
I might need some medical attention
It seems I've fallen and I can't get up
I wanted a kiss, got atherosclerosis
That was the ambulance's diagnosis

Stay with me!

But romantically, I'm hopeless
At least love is a lot more painless

You'll be all right. Here's some morphine

(Drugged humming)

Remember that girl from the elevator?
This works out, 'cause I wanted to date her
We shared a glance, now we're sharing an ambulance

(Drugged humming)I haven't slept at all
Dreaming of July and June
And pressed against the wall
These pills make me feel dead
Vacant eyes and distant voices
My words come out all wrong

Keeping me doped up
Tearing me open on the freezing sterile floor
Invading my body
Drawing my blood til I don't feel a thing at all

I'm tired of these strangers in my veins
Handprints on my lungs
Break my tired bones and let me breathe
If I don't make it back home
You'll find me at the window, wide-eyed
Kiss me one more time before I go
And then don't let me go, don't let me go

There's poison in my blood
Chemicals they feed me slowly
Stones beneath my tongue
My life's in plastic cups
Living inside funeral daydreams
I hide from everyone

Waking in cold sweats
Nightmares like memories, they cling to me so tight
Shivering and desperate
High on the morphine dreams, they keep me up all night

I'm tired of these strangers in my veins
Handprints on my lungs
Break my tired bones and let me breathe
If I don't make it back home
You'll find me at the window, wide-eyed
Kiss me one more time before I go,
And don't let me go, don't let me goI need something like morphine only better
I need something like a kiss that lasts forever
I need something like money that will not burn
I need something and I need more, more than I can earn
I need something, what can I do?
Hey, I need something, I need you
I need something like a cure for my soul
I need something like amnesia, for things I know
I need something like a mother, 'cause I'm just a child
I need something like an asylum, 'cause I go wild
I need something, what can I do?
Hey, I need something, I need you
I need something like dynamite for the mess I'm in
I need something like a tattoo underneath my skin
I need something more than a lover in my bed
I need somebody here with me, here with me in my head
I need something, what can I do?
Hey, I need something, I need you
I need something bad and I need it now
I got something wrong with me, you can see
I think you better fix it 'cause I don't know how
Hey, I need something, what can I do
Hey, I need something, I need you
I need something, what can I do
Hey, I need something, I need you
I need something, what can I do?
Hey, I need something, I need youParoles de L'Morphine "B3id 3lik El Basse (Ttubless)"
Bou3boula
B3id 3lik lbas wmachi b7kayti baghi nban 3lik
N9leb 3lik lkass wkassi bayn mor 3lik, Bou3boula

Fay9 koulla sba7, mghedded 9ouma
Kharej fel mnan  la3eb dribla
Wakha 3aref machi b chemch Siberia ndowweb che7ma
Wella blast  tandowweb lma
Denya bayna, li dirha lyoum dirha ghedda
B7al chi ri7a mkhessra
7asla f rokna, b7al mana li wa9ef f rokba
Tleb Rebbi tebda,  l9ent mdekhlina banda
Hazzin 9entar del 9ent gallik l7ayat 7amda

B3id 3lik lbas wmachi b7kayti baghi nban 3lik
N9leb 3lik lkass wkassi bayn mor 3lik

Setli mserfe9 l9er9aba, setlk khawi m9er9eb
Mazal makaynch na9aba, la matkhafch 9erreb
Abou Re9ra9 wla l7oudoud bach t7ed lbass
Rebbitou le9la9, 7sel men9arou f kass l3jeb
Gles t3ejjeb, M-Psy wa9ef fel maw9ef
Men seghrou mderreb, grade 3lih tgardef
Badi rap mni bdat 2M b style mzebbeb
Khdemt m3a Double M w l Mia, 
Lik baghi nkoun malik m3elle9
M-Psy Abou L7rouf, b 7ebba men rmel yfelle9
Rwina fel mal3eb, rwapa riye7o
Beddelt le3b, number one ghir ticket mlesse9

Number one ghir ticket mlesse9
M-Psy, la classe
Psychique M-Psy
Goul stop, stop safi(Verse 1)
Cryin' who's that yonder comin' down the road, coming down the road?
Now, who's that yonder, comin' down the road?
Well it looks like Maggie, Mama, but she walk too slow
(Verse 2)
Cryin' what made Grandma love her Grandpa, love her Grandpa so?
Mmmmm, what made Grandma to love her Grandpa so?
It was  eight long years ago
(Verse 3)
Cryin' see see rider, see what you done done, see what you done done
Mmmmm, see see rider, see what you done done
You done made me love you, now you tryin' to put me down
(Verse 4)
Cryin' ain't gon' be your ridin' horse no more, ridin' horse no more
Says I ain't gon' be your ridin' horse no more
Long before I be, I will take morphine and die
(Verse 5)
What good is a bulldog, he won't bark or bite, he won't bark or bite?
What good is a bulldog, he won't bark or bite?
And what good is a woman she won't ask you what you like?
(Verse 6)
Now who's that yonder, see them dressed in red, see them dressed in red?
Who's that yonder, see them dressed in red?
Well they must be the children, Mama, that my Moses ledShakedown 1979
Cool kids never have the time
On a live wire right up off the street
You and I should meet
Junebug skippin' like a stone
With the headlights pointed at the dawn
We were sure we'd never see an end
To it all

And I don't even care
To shake these zipper blues
And we don't know
Just where our bones will rest
To dust I guess
Forgotten and absorbed
Into the earth below

Double-cross the vacant and the bored
They're not sure just what we have in store
Morphine city slippin' dues
Down to see

That we don't even care
As restless as we are
We feel the pull
In the land of a thousand guilts
And poured cement

Lamented and assured
To the lights and towns below
Faster than the speed of sound
Faster than we thought we'd go
Beneath the sound of hope

Justine never knew the rules
Hung down with the freaks and the ghouls
No apologies ever need be made
I know you better than you fake it
To see

That we don't even care
To shake these zipper blues
And we don't know
Just where our bones will rest
To dust I guess
Forgotten and absorbed
Into the earth below

The street heats the urgency of now
As you can see there's no one aroundLast Saturday night I got married
Me and my wife settled down
But me and my wife have parted
I'm gonna take another stroll downtown
Irene goodnight (goodnight Irene)
Irene goodnight
Goodnight Irene, goodnight Irene
I'll get you in my dream
Stop your ramblin'
Stop your gamblin'
Stop stayin' out late, late at night
Go home to your wife and your family
Sit down by your fireside so bright
Irene goodnight (Irene)
Irene goodnight
Goodnight Irene, goodnight Irene
I'll get you in my dream
I love Irene and I swear I do (yes)
Love 'er, love 'er, love 'er, love 'er, love 'er
Love 'er, love 'er, love 'er, love 'er
Still the sea runs dry
And if Irene ever turns her back on me
I'm gonna take morphine and die
Irene goodnight
Goodnight, goodnight, goodnight
Goodnight, goodnight, goodnight
Irene goodnight
Goodnight Irene, goodnight Irene
I'll get you in my dreamIf you ever leave me, baby
Leave some morphine at my door
'Cause it would take a whole lot of medication
To realize what we used to have
We don't have it anymore
There's no religion that could save me
No matter how long my knees are on the floor
So keep in mind all the sacrifices I'm makin'
Will keep you by my side?
Will keep you from walkin' out the door?
'Cause there'll be no sunlight
If I lose you, baby
There'll be no clear skies
If I lose you, baby
Just like the clouds
My eyes will do the same
If you walk away
Everyday it will rain, rain, rain, hey, hey, hey
I'll never be your mother's favorite
Your daddy can't even look me in the eye
Ooh, if I was in their shoes, I'd be doing the same thing
Sayin' there goes my little girl
Walkin' with that troublesome guy
But they're just afraid of something they can't understand
Ooh, but little darlin' watch me change their minds
Yeah, for you I'll try, I'll try, I'll try, I'll try
I'll pick up these broken pieces 'til I'm bleeding
If that'll make you mine
'Cause there'll be no sunlight
If I lose you, baby
There'll be no clear skies
If I lose you, baby
Just like the clouds
My eyes will do the same
If you walk away
Everyday it will rain, rain, rain, hey, hey, hey
Oh, don't just say goodbye
Don't just say goodbye
I'll pick up these broken pieces 'til I'm bleeding
If that'll make it right
If you ever leave me, baby
Leave some morphine at my door
'Cause there'll be no sunlight
If I lose you, baby
There'll be no clear skies
If I lose you, baby
Just like the clouds
My eyes will do the same
If you walk away
Everyday it will rain, rain, rain, hey, hey, heyAnd she caused me to moan
She caused me to leave my home
Last words that I heared her say
"I'm sorry you ever was known"

Irene, goodnight
Irene, goodnight
Goodnight, Irene, goodnight, Irene
I guess you're in my dreams

I love Irene, God knows I do
Love her 'til the sea run dry
If Irene turns her back on me
I'm gonna take morphine and die

Irene, goodnight
Irene, goodnight
Goodnight, Irene, goodnight, Irene
I guess you're in my dreamsUh-huh
*coughs*
Yeah

Okay hold up now times out
You ain't never gonna find what I rhyme about
Made this song after a girl I know
Too bad you ain't never gonna find out
You don't really understand why my minds clouded
If you wanna know because I act astounded
Yeah I'm bout it, bout it bout it
Yeah you know the plan that I plotted
Yeah I'm on it, Yeah I'm zoning
Yeah I found it, Yeah I'm rolling
You don't even seem to know me
Where I'm going, Where I'm going
Got not directions, see in my nightmares
Looking outside to see if I have my shadow
Thats how I fight fear

And I think I found your number 10
Don't really know about back then
And I have to act like I to pretend
And I don't really understand because that its fair
Ohh they know I kill it
Like I don't really care about tomorrow
Wait hold up yeah I'm in it

3 eyes floating on your aura
I be soaring I be morphing
Moving off of morphine
Going through your portal
You don't understand me
Wait a minuite hold up
I pull up and I don't stop
Realize its a blood clot
"With the bloodclot" when I scream it
You really know the reason I'm dreaming
Just to make sure that I'm alive
Just to make sure I'm awake
Don't know what I might have thought was right
And I don't know what to take

So its my fault
So its my fault
So its my fault
So its Miles' fault
Its always my fault
Its always my fault
Well whatever I think that I'm doneLast Saturday night I got married
Me and my wife settled down
Now me and my woman has parted
Think I'll take a stroll downtown

Irene, goodnight
Irene, goodnight
Goodnight, Irene
Goodnight, Irene
I'll see you in my dreams

Sometimes I live in the country
Sometimes I live in the town
Sometimes I take a great notion
To jump in the river and drown

Irene, goodnight
Irene, goodnight
Goodnight, Irene
Goodnight, Irene
I'll see you in my dreams

I love Irene, God knows I do
I'll love her 'til seas run dry
But if Irene turns her back on me
Gonna take morphine and die

Irene, goodnight
Irene, goodnight
Goodnight, Irene
Goodnight, Irene
I'll see you in my dreams

Stop ramblin', stop gamblin'
Stop staying out late at night
Go home to your wife and your family
Sit down by the fireside bright

Irene, goodnight
Irene, goodnight
Goodnight, Irene
Goodnight, Irene
I'll see you in my dreams

Goodnight, Irene
Goodnight, Irene
I'll see you in my dreamsParoles de Amine 16-3 feat Ghetto Star & L'Morphine "JAKOM"
Hadchi 3ajib, haha ha ha
16-3, huh, ey
Trapaholic real trap shit

Ja ja ja jakom li taygol klam face wakha f wejho weld nas
Da da da daz men droub dlam chaf lwli 7ta tab w chab rass
Fa fa fa fach tchoufni labes sayg jibi 3amer a l3chir
Kha kha kha khas te3ref belli 7tana chbe3t f had lblad dmir
Ka ka ka kayn li 3ach ra7el mat rajel rda b l9lil
Nta nta nta nta li konti tame3 dowezti 7yatk ndil
Fi fi fi fine li kano 9bel dazo 9bel mato 9bel
Bda bda bda bda brassi nassi kassi ntassi l'passé dfel
Drahem nhari dour te3ya tji l' da da da
Dari me7loula l'ga3 3echrani ni ni ni
Nichan ki dima tan3awd ach tan3ich
Mouslim mrebbi le7ya w machi Daech
Ra ra ra Rastafras 16-3 family
Matan3refekch ghir bla ma tnamili
Makansem3ekch ghi bla ma t7ajini
Gjam lfani ch7al men hadi khatini
 x2
Hbel b klamo nit, favori 3la ga3 tocara
3la ga3 lkoussala, ana ga3 makount hna
Ana machi souti ghi le3ba
Chems lbare7 li ghatchre9 ghedda
Tanhreb bezzaf, tanghfel n3as tankteb rap

Ka ka ka kat9atel f passage b7ala dmaghek mbouchi
Ka ka ka kan7etkom 9balti b7alla kanakol sushi
Ka ka ka kan dribbler rwappa face machi Messi w machi gauchi
Di di di dima classe dareb chemisa rose Versace
Papa, 7yati action machi drama
Mama, makatsrefch 3lya mama
Machi wlad leb7er, rou7 3owwama
Ghanhder wakha dirouli kmama
Sla7i fo9 ktafi w kharej nsayyed
Li banli fel viseur bih ghan3iyyed
Dareb team 3askri kanriyed
Titiz kayti7 3lya bla manriyyet
 x2
Hbel b klamo nit, favori 3la ga3 tocara
3la ga3 lkoussala, ana ga3 makount hna
Ana machi souti ghi le3ba
Chems lbare7 li ghatchre9 ghedda
Tanhreb bezzaf, tanghfel n3as tankteb rap

Moul thousand punchline, li taykherrej men jbal chlayd
Khouk ay9ouna 3ibra, antiye7 3lik fikra matgoulch aie
Lmal wel banoun w l'extase, tansowb robot 3endi f sta7
Gherre9 l'kif fel Häagen-Dazs, waji ndakro dik sa3
Rkeb m3aya f had train, f 7yati 9otr machi chou3a3
Hebtou lard fine mchito ga3, tanbi3 snan l9irch b chi dollar
La ta7 lek le3jeb njibou lik, euy
Ma3endi 7ta chi synonyme, euy
Coup de phare dyali ziyro limen
Très solide L'Morphine klamo nit
 x2
Hbel b klamo nit, favori 3la ga3 tocara
3la ga3 lkoussala, ana ga3 makount hna
Ana machi souti ghi le3ba
Chems lbare7 li ghatchre9 ghedda
Tanhreb bezzaf, tanghfel n3as tankteb rap

RastafrassIntro
Yeah, Light it up my nigga...
(sample of someone lighting up a cigar)
Nice...
Yeah, I'm stun'ing, I'm stun'ing, I'm stun'ing
Yeah, I ain't got no worries
Yeah, I say I ain't got no worries
I just let it go
Yeah, I just...
Chorus
You better let it go, yeah
Let It Go
That shit ain't worth it, nigga, let it go
Let It Go
A bitch ain't worth it, nigga, let it go
Let It Go
My niggas with me so just let it go
Let It Go
Nigga, You better let it go, yeah
Let It Go
That shit ain't worth it, nigga, let it go
Let It Go
A bitch ain't worth it, nigga, let it go
Let It Go
My niggas with me so just let it go
Let It go
Just Let It Go
Let It
Verse 1
I'm letting go, just taking shots with my bros
I got them all on their toes
They know the kid bout to blow
But holding on to his soul
I only care bout the fam
And the friends, before the fame
Damn, I'm still the same
But the, word on the streets is
I'm getting more prettier than all my exes
I don't do average, I do it in excess
Like a Laptop, shit is personal, yeah
All of the shit that I do is exceptional, yeah
Just let it go, don't be irrational, yeah
I don't understand, what the hell is wrong with y'all
Nah, I don't comprehend, what I done to offend y'all
Is it the school or the music?
Is it the cool or the look?
I bet it must be the looks
Chorus
You better let it go, yeah, let it go
Let It Go
That shit ain't worth it, nigga, let it go
Let It Go
A bitch ain't worth it, nigga, let it go
Let It Go
My niggas with me so just let it go
Let It Go
Nigga, You better let it go, yeah
Let It Go
That shit ain't worth it, nigga, let it go
Let It Go
A bitch ain't worth it, nigga, let it go
Let It Go
My niggas with me so just let it go
Let It go
Just Let It Go
Let It
Verse 2
I just turned 20
Twenty
Got a bitch worth plenty
Plenty
Matter of fact, I call her queen
Wouldn't let her go, she my morphine
Yeah, Yeah
She been, 
With me through the pain and pleasure
And, let's me get my piece of leisure
So she trip, I let it go
Coz I trip, she let it go
Couz, nothing can beat that kind of love
No
Anyway, let's change the topic
Yeah
I don't even know your chick
So just let go, blud
Aha
Just let it go, just let it go, just let it go
Just let it go
If you stressed, I got you, here's a cigar
Here's a cigar
I'm on the road
Yeah, Yeah
Searching for riches
Yeah, I ain't got time
Yeah, Yeah
To be messing with bitches
And yes, it's long
Long
But I ain't give em no inches
I tell you the truth
Woah
Coz I ain't looking for stitches
No
I'm handsome
Yeah
They want a threesome
Chorus
You better let it go, yeah
Let It Go
That shit ain't worth it, nigga, let it go
Let It Go
A bitch ain't worth it, nigga, let it go
Let It Go
My niggas with me so just let it go
Let It Go
Nigga, You better let it go, yeah
Let It GoShakedown 1979
Cool kids never have the time
On a live wire right up off the street
You and I should meet
Junebug skipping like a stone
With the headlights pointed at the dawn
We were sure we'd never see an end to it all
And I don't even care
To shake these zipper blues
And we don't know
Just where our bones will rest
To dust I guess
Forgotten and absorbed into the earth below
Double cross the vacant and the bored
They're not sure just what we have in store
Morphine city slipping dues down to see
That we don't even care
As restless as we are
We feel the pull
In the land of a thousand
Guilts And poured cement
Lamented and assured
To the lights and towns below
Faster than the speed of sound
Faster than we thought we'd go
Beneath the sound of hope
Justin never knew the rules
Hung down with the freaks and the ghouls
No apologies ever need be made
I know you better than you fake it to see
That we don't even care
To shake these zipper blues
And we don't know
Just where our bones
Will rest to dust I guess
Forgotten and absorbed into the earth below
The street heats the urgency of sound
As you can see there's no one aroundIt has always seemed to me that the war has been omitted as a field for the observations of the naturalist. We have charming and sound accounts of the flora and fauna of Patagonia by the late W. H. Hudson, the Reverend Gilbert White has written most interestingly of the Hoopoe on its occasional and not at all common visits to Selborne, and Bishop Stanley has given us a valuable, although popular, Familiar History of Birds. Can we not hope to furnish the reader with a few rational and interesting facts about the dead? I hope so. When that persevering traveller, Mungo Park, was at one period of his course fainting in the vast wilderness of an African desert, naked and alone, considering his days as numbered and nothing appearing to remain for him to do but to lie down and die, a small moss-flower of extraordinary beauty caught his eye. 'Though the whole plant,' says he, 'was no larger than one of my fingers, I could not contemplate the delicate confirmation of its roots, leaves and capsules without admiration. Can that Being who planted, watered and brought to perfection, in this obscure part of the world, a thing which appears of so small importance, look with unconcern upon the situation and suffering of creatures formed after his own image? Surely not. Reflections like these would not allow me to despair; I started up and, disregarding both hunger and fatigue, travelled forward, assured that relief was at hand; and I was not disappointed.'
With a disposition to wonder and adore in like manner, as Bishop Stanley says, can any branch of Natural History be studied without increasing that faith, love and hope which we also, every one of us, need in our journey through the wilderness of life? Let us therefore see what inspiration we may derive from the dead.

In war the dead are usually the male of the human species, although this does not hold true with animals, and I have frequently seen dead mares among the horses. An interesting aspect of war, too, is that it is only there that the naturalist has an opportunity to observe the dead of mules. In twenty years of observation in civil life I had never seen a dead mule and had begun to entertain doubts as to whether these animals were really mortal. On rare occasions I had seen what I took to be dead mules, but on close approach these always proved to be living creatures who seemed to be dead through their quality of complete repose. But in war these animals succumb in much the same manner as the more common and less hardy horse.
Most of the mules that I saw dead were along mountain roads or lying at the foot of steep declivities whence they.'had been pushed to rid the road of their encumbrance. They seemed a fitting enough sight in the mountains where one was accustomed to their presence and looked less incongruous there than they did later, at Smyrna, where the Greeks broke the legs of all their baggage animals and pushed them off the quay into the shallow water to drown. The numbers of broken-legged mules and horses drowning in the shallow water called for a Goya to depict them. Although, speaking literally, one can hardly say that they called for a Goya since there has only been one Goya, long dead, and it is extremely doubtful if these animals, were they able to call, would call for pictorial representation of their plight but, more likely, would, if they were articulate, call for someone to alleviate their condition.
Regarding the sex of the dead it is a fact that one becomes so accustomed to the sight of all the dead being men that the sight of a dead woman is quite shocking. I first saw inversion of the usual sex of the dead after the explosion of a munition factory which had been situated in the countryside near Milan, Italy. We drove to the scene of the disaster in trucks along poplar-shaded roads, bordered with ditches containing much minute animal life, which I could not clearly observe because of the great clouds of dust raised by the trucks. Arriving where the munition plant had been, some of us were put to patrolling about those large stocks of munitions which for some reason had not exploded, while others were put at extinguishing a fire which had gotten into the grass of an adjacent field; which task being concluded, we were ordered to search the immediate vicinity and surrounding fields for bodies. We found and carried to an improvised mortuary a good number of these and, I must admit, frankly, the shock it was to find that these dead were women rather than men. In those days women had not yet commenced to wear their hair cut short, as they did later for several years in Europe and America, and the most disturbing thing, perhaps because it was the most unaccustomed, was the presence, and, even more disturbing, the occasional absence of this long hair. I remember that after we had searched quite thoroughly for the complete dead we collected fragments. Many of these were detached from a heavy, barbed- wire fence which had surrounded the position of the factory and from the still existent portions of which we picked many of these detached bits which illustrated only too well the tremendous energy of high explosive. Many fragments we found a considerable distance away in the fields, they being carried farther by their own weight.
On our return to Milan I recall one or two of us discussing the occurrence and agreeing that the quality of unreality and the fact that there were no wounded did much to rob the disaster of a horror which might have been much greater. Also the fact that it had been so immediate and that the dead were in consequence still as little unpleasant as possible to carry and deal with made it quite removed from the usual battlefield experience. The pleasant, though dusty, ride through the beautiful Lombard countryside also was a compensation for the unpleasantness of the duty and on our return, while we exchanged impressions, we all agreed that it was indeed fortunate that the fire which broke out just before we arrived had been brought under control as rapidly as it had and before it had attained any of the seemingly huge stocks of unexploded munitions. We agreed too that the picking up of the fragments had been an extraordinary business; it being amazing that the human body should be blown into pieces which exploded along no anatomical lines, but rather divided as capriciously as the fragmentation in the burst of a high explosive shell.
A naturalist, to obtain accuracy of observation, may confine himself in his observations to one limited period and I will take first that following the Austrian offensive of June, 1918, in Italy as one in which the dead were present in their greatest numbers, a withdrawal having been forced and an advance later made to recover the ground lost so that the positions after the battle were the same as before except for the presence of the dead. Until the dead are buried they change somewhat in appearance each day. The colour change in Caucasian races is from white to yellow, to yellow-green, to black. If left long enough in the heat the flesh comes to resemble coal-tar, especially where it has been broken or torn, and it has quite a visible tar-like iridescence. The dead grow larger each day until sometimes they become quite too big for their uniforms, filling these until they seem blown tight enough to burst. The individual members may increase in girth to an unbelievable extent and faces fill as taut and globular as balloons. The surprising thing, next to their progressive corpulence, is the amount of paper that is scattered about the dead. Their ultimate position, before there is any question of burial, depends on the location of the pockets in the uniform. In the Austrian army these pockets were in the back of the breeches and the dead, after a short time, all consequently lay on their faces, the two hip pockets pulled out and, scattered around them in the grass, all those papers their pockets contained. The heat, the flies, the indicative positions of the bodies in the grass, and the amount of paper scattered are the impressions one retains. The smell of a battlefield in hot weather one cannot recall. You can remember that there was such a smell, but nothing ever happens to you to bring it back. It is unlike the smell of a regiment, which may come to you suddenly while riding in the street car and you will look across and see the man who has brought it to you. But the other thing is gone as completely as when you have been in love; you remember things that happened, but the sensation cannot be recalled.
One wonders what that persevering traveller, Mungo Park, would have seen on a battlefield in hot weather to restore his confidence. There were always poppies in the wheat in the end of June and in July, and the mulberry trees were in full leaf and one could see the heat waves rise from the barrels of the guns where the sun struck them through the screens of leaves; the earth was turned a bright yellow at the edge of holes where mustard- gas shells had been and the average broken house is finer to see than one that has been shelled, but few travellers would take a good full breath of that early summer air and have any such thoughts as Mungo Park about those formed in His own image.
The first thing that you found about the dead was that, hit badly enough, they died like animals. Some quickly from a little wound you would not think would kill a rabbit. They died from little wounds as rabbits die sometimes from three or four small grains of shot that hardly seem to break the skin. Others would die like cats; a skull broken in and iron in the brain, they lie alive two days like cats that crawl into the coal bin with a bullet in the brain and will not die until you cut their heads off. Maybe cats do not die then, they say they have nine lives. I do not know, but most men die like animals, not men. I'd never seen a natural death, so called, and so I blamed it on the war and like the persevering traveller, Mungo Park, knew that there was something else, that always absent something else, and then I saw one. The only natural death I've ever seen, outside of loss of blood, which isn't bad, was death from Spanish influenza. In this you drown in mucus, choking, and how you know the patient's dead is at the end he turns to be a little child again, though with his manly force, and fills the sheets as full as any diaper with one vast, final, yellow cataract that flows and dribbles on after he's gone. So now I want to see the death of any self-called Humanist (FN1) because a persevering traveller like Mungo Park or me lives on and maybe yet will live to see the actual death of members of this literary sect and watch the noble exits that they make. In my musings as a naturalist it has occurred to me that while decorum is an excellent thing some must be indecorous if the race is to be carried on since the position prescribed for procreation is indecorous, highly indecorous, and it occurred to me that perhaps that is what these people are, or were: the children of decorous cohabitation. But regardless of how they started I hope to see the finish of a few, and speculate how worms will try that long preserved sterility; with their quaint pamphlets gone to bust and into footnotes all their lust.
While it is, perhaps, legitimate to deal with these self-designated citizens in a natural history of the dead, even though the designation may mean nothing by the time this work is published, yet it is unfair to the other dead, who were not dead in their youth of choice, who owned no magazines, many of whom had doubtless never even read a review, that one has seen in the hot weather with a half-pint of maggots working where their mouths have been. It was not always hot weather for the dead, much of the time it was the rain that washed them clean when they lay in it and made the earth soft when they were buried in it and sometimes then kept on until the earth was mud and washed them out and you had to bury them again. Or in the winter in the mountains you had to put them in the snow and when the snow melted in the spring someone else had to bury them. They had beautiful burying grounds in the mountains, war in the mountains is the most beautiful of all war, and in one of them, at a place called Pocol, they buried a general who was shot through the head by a sniper. This is where those writers are mistaken who write books called Generals Die in Bed, because this general died in a trench dug in snow, high in the mountains, wearing an Alpini hat with an eagle feather in it and a hole in front you couldn't put your little finger in and a hole in back you could put your fist in, if it were a small fist and you wanted to put it there, and much blood in the snow. He was a damned fine general, and so was General von Behr who commanded the Bavarian Alpenkorps troops at the battle of Caporetto and was killed in his staff car by the Italian rearguard as he drove into Udine ahead of his troops, and the titles of all such books should be Generals Usually Die in Bed, if we are to have any sort of accuracy in such things. In the mountains, too, sometimes, the snow fell on the dead outside the dressing station on the side that was protected by the mountain from any shelling. They carried them into a cave that had been dug into the mountainside before the earth froze. It was in this cave that a man whose head was broken as a flower-pot may be broken, although it was all held together by membranes and a skilfully applied bandage now soaked and hardened, with the structure of his brain disturbed by a piece of broken steel in it, lay a day, a night, and a day. The stretcher-bearers asked the doctor to go in and have a look at him. They saw him each time they made a trip and even when they did not look at him they heard him breathing. The doctor's eyes were red and the lids swollen, almost shut from tear gas. He looked at the man twice; once in daylight, once with a flashlight. That too would have made a good etching for Goya, the visit with the flashlight, I mean. After looking at him the second time the doctor believed the stretcher-bearers when they said the soldier was still alive.
'What do you want me to do about it?' he asked.
There was nothing they wanted done. But after a while they asked permission to carry him out and lay him with the badly wounded.
'No. No. No!' said the doctor, who was busy. 'What's the matter? Are you afraid of him?'
‘We don't like to hear him in there with the dead.'
'Don't listen to him. If you take him out of there you will have to carry him right back in.'
‘We wouldn't mind that, Captain Doctor.'
'No,' said the doctor. 'No. Didn't you hear me say no?'
'Why don't you give him an overdose of morphine?' asked an artillery officer who was waiting to have a wound in his arm dressed.
'Do you think that is the only use I have for morphine? Would you like me to have to operate without morphine? You have a pistol, go out and shoot him yourself.'
'He's been shot already,' said the officer. 'If some of you doctors were shot you'd be different.'
'Thank you very much' said the doctor waving a forceps in the air. 'Thank you a thousand times. What about these eyes?' He pointed the forceps at them. 'How would you like these?'
'Tear gas. We call it lucky if it's tear gas.'
'Because you leave the line,' said the doctor. 'Because you came running here with your tear gas to be evacuated. You rub onions in your eyes.'
'You are beside yourself. I do not notice your insults. You are crazy.'
The stretcher-bearers came in.
'Captain Doctor' one of them said.
'Get out of here!' said the doctor.
They went out.
'I will shoot the poor fellow,' the artillery officer said. 'I am a humane man. I will not let him suffer.'
'Shoot him then' said the doctor. 'Shoot him. Assume the responsibility. I will make a report. Wounded shot by lieutenant of artillery in first curing post. Shoot him. Go ahead, shoot him.'
'You are not a human being.'
'My business is to care for the wounded, not to kill them. That is for gentlemen of the artillery.'
'Why don't you care for him then?'
'I have done so, I have done all that can be done.'
'Why don't you send him down on the cable railway?'
'Who are you to ask me questions? Are you my superior officer? Are you in command of this dressing-post? Do me the courtesy to answer.'
The lieutenant of artillery said nothing. The others in the room were all soldiers and there were no other officers present.
'Answer me,' said the doctor holding a needle up in his forceps. 'Give me a response.'
‘F yourself,' said the artillery officer.
'So,' said the doctor. 'So, you said that. All right. All right. We shall see.'
The lieutenant of artillery stood up and walked toward him.
'F yourself,' he said. 'F yourself. F your mother. F your sister . . .'
The doctor tossed the saucer full of iodine in his face. As he came toward him, blinded, the lieutenant fumbled for his pistol. The doctor skipped quickly behind him, tripped him and, as he fell to the floor, kicked him several times and picked up the pistol in his rubber gloves.
The lieutenant sat on the floor holding his good hand to his eyes.
'I'll kill you!' he said. æI'll kill you as soon as I can see.'
'I am the boss,' said the doctor. 'All is forgiven since you know I am the boss. You cannot kill me because I have your pistol. Sergeant! Adjutant! Adjutant!'
'The adjutant is at the cable railway,' said the sergeant.
'Wipe out this officer's eyes with alcohol and water. He has got iodine in them. Bring me the basin to wash my hands. I will take this officer next.'
'You won't touch me.'
'Hold him tight. He is a little delirious.'
One of the stretcher-bearers came in.
'Captain Doctor.'
'What do you want?'
'The man in the dead-house '
'Get out of here.'
'Is dead, Captain Doctor. I thought you would be glad to know.'
'See, my poor lieutenant? We dispute about nothing. In time of war we dispute about nothing,'
‘F you,' said the lieutenant of artillery. He still could not see. 'You've blinded me.'
'It is nothing,' said the doctor. 'Your eyes will be all right. It is nothing. A dispute about nothing.'
'Ayee! Ayee! Ayee!' suddenly screamed the lieutenant. 'You have blinded me! You have blinded me!'
'Hold him tight,’ said the doctor. 'He is in much pain. Hold him very tight.'
_______________
(FN1) The Reader's indulgence is requested for this mention of an extinct phenomenon. The reference, like all references to fashions, dates the story, but it is retained because of its mild historical interest and because its omission would spoil the rhythm.
_______________I'll make your head ache
I'll make you part of the fold
Me and the devil in your mind wanna settle the score
I'll make your heart break
You know I do when I please
Like a bullet in a gun
I just give it a squeeze
You know I'm careless
I don't follow the signs
I never seem to know when I'm crossing the line
Or when I'm sorry for the things that I've done
I tie you to a rail, I'm chasing the sun
So Cry Sister, make it rain
It makes no difference
You'll never see me again
(You'll never see me again)
I'll be your morphine
I go straight to your head
A fire in your mind
You'll be seeing the red
I'm not your precious
Well don't you get on your knees
'Cause every motherfucker wants a tasty disease
I know your torment
Was just a part of your plan
You lie to the sky
While you're folding your hands
I know you hate me
'Cause I'm all that you need
Those arrived, say goodbye
I'm gonna set you free
So Cry Sister, make it rain
It makes no difference
You'll never see me again
(You'll never see me again)
Cry Sister, make it rain
It makes no difference
You'll never see me again
(You'll never see me again)
Cry Sister
Cry Sister
Cry Sister
Come on Cry Sister
Cry Sister, make it rain
It makes no difference
You'll never see me again
(You'll never see me again)
(Yeah) So Cry Sister, make it rain
It makes no difference
You'll never see me again
(You'll never see me again)
Yeah Cry Sister, make it rain
It makes no difference
You'll never see me again
Come on now
And Cry Sister
(Make it rain)
Cry Sister
(Make it rain)
Cry Sister
(Make it rain)
Yeah, Cry Sister
(Make it rain)
Cry SisterAprès trois semaines entières
D'un bonheur que rien n'altérait
Mon amant dont j'étais si fière
Un triste matin me plaquait
Pour calmer mon âme chagrine
Je résolus en un sursaut
De me piquer à la morphine
Ou de priser de la coco
Mais ça coûte cher tous ces machins
Alors pour fuir mon noir destin
J'ai fumé de l'eucalyptus
Et je m'en vais à la dérive
Fumant comme une locomotive
Avec aux lèvres un rictus
J'ai fumé de l'eucalyptus
Dès lors mon âme torturée
Ne connut plus que d'affreux jours
La rue du désir fut barrée
Par les gravats de notre amour
J'aurais pu d'une main câline
Couper le traître en petits morceaux
Le recoller à la sécotine
Pour le redécouper aussitôt
Mais je l'aimais tant l'animal
Alors pour pas lui faire du mal
J'ai sniffé d'la naphtaline
Les cheveux hagards, l'oeil hérissé
Je me suis mise à me fourrer
Des boules entières dans les narines
J'ai sniffé d'la naphtaline
Qu'ai-je fait là, Jésus Marie
C'est stupéfiant comme résultat
Au lieu de m'alléger la vie
Je me suis alourdie l'estomac
J'ai dü prendre du charbon Belloc
Ca m'a fait la langue toute noire
Que faire alors j'ai pauvre loque
Essayé d'un autre exutoire?
Car le pire c'est que j'ai pris le pli
Et c'est tant pis quand le pli est pris
Je me pique à l'eau de Javel
Pour oublier celui que j'aime
Je prend la seringue
Et j'en bois même
Alors il me pousse des ailes
Je me pique à l'eau de Javel (x2)I thought I could be sober until I met you
The world seemed to get colder until felt you

You left, me down under
I cried for you in the alley
That’s where I died for you
Over and over again

Get me some morphine
Hiding in the back
Roll up the papers
Bottom of the glass
I lost my painkiller, killer
I lost my painkiller, killer
I lost my painkiller
I lost my painkiller, killer
I lost my painkiller, killer
I lost my painkiller

Somehow all the suffering amounts to something in the end
It's a kind of a process like an oyster
Suffering, to mature a pearl

Nothing could ever put me down the way you do
Heads up I almost drowned to keep you cool

You love to see me suffer
I hate to crave such torture
And I could die for you
Over and over again

Get me some morphine
Hiding in the back
Roll up the papers
Bottom of the glass
I lost my painkiller, killer
I lost my painkiller, killer
I lost my painkiller
I lost my painkiller, killer
I lost my painkiller, killer
I lost my painkiller

Oh God
Help me
I just need some more
More love

Get me some morphine (Mm)
Hiding in the back (Hiding in the back)
Roll up the papers (Roll up the papers)
Bottom of the glass (Bottom of the glass now baby)
I lost my painkiller, killer
I lost my painkiller, killer
I lost my painkiller (Oh no no no)
I lost my painkiller, killer
(I lost my pain)
I lost my painkiller, killer
I lost my painkiller
I lost my painkiller, killer
I lost my painkiller, killer
I lost my painkiller
I lost my painkiller, killer
I lost my painkiller, killer
I lost my painkillerParoles de L'Morphine "Red Hot Chili Powder"I looked around, I been all up and down
I never wasted time on two or three
There's only one girl for me
And there was a time she used to treat me kind
But lately she's been actin' awful stoned
It makes a man weep and moan

Eye dee oh lay ee tee
Eye dee leeldle odle ay oo ee tee
Eye dee oh lee tee
Lee tee
Deedle ohdle lee tee
My morphine will be the death of me
You should have seen me and my morphine
When we used to go dancing in the war
She'd spin me right off the floor
Morphine, morphine, what makes you so mean?
You never used to do me like you do
Oh, where's that sweet gal I knew?

Eye dee oh lay ee tee
Eye dee leeldle odle ee odle ee tee
Eye dee odle ee tee
Lee tee
Deedle odle lee tee
Well, my morphine will be the death of me
Oh, my morphine will be the death of meThis song contains explicit content

High five, ayy
Chaca Laca Vroom vroom
I ain't scared of anything
Yoa, it's Not3s

Sharper:  I made you sit next to me
And now I'm stuck here with you
Yeah, it is all my fault
I can hear the phone ringing
Hey, yeah
So I picked it up and said
Hi, who is it? Who the f*** are you?
Just you and me, it's my fault
Chance The Rapper: Jeez, I ain't your friend
Yo, my motherf***er gon' talk to you 'bout that
She wanna put her loving like she wanna put her booty on that Gucci belt and she ain't stuntin' like she gon' do somein't
That isn't her c****** for a second
My b**** isn't in the cab yet
I just wake up your husband, f*** come back
This sh** ain't real - for a sec, I thought that your sl** was on the accountant, hey

Why do we have an emergency?
I just thought you were on my side
This c*** isn't right
I might've heard wrong or for an excitement
Can I explain why I'm late?
Please may you hurry up on eating your ice-cream sundé?
I just want to book a table for the buffet
I dunno how it taste but the smell is just great
Yaar, you can mess it up all you like
Cause there's no point in winning
Mmh, I was so f***ed up in life
But I just kept on and on swimming
(Chance The Rapper: Hey)

Wait, what the ***kn... wait a minute
Are you worried 'bout  somewhere (ayy, ayy)
Slingshot, is it in my hight? (Offset!)
You know?
I got a f***n' big comma and I really won't worry 'bout it
Sí, I said I won't ever dare worrying about it, heyy
Hey (hey), I don't really wanna say it in front of the kids
But I just came to say that I love your BLEEP
I gotta go so I just gon' give you a good-bye kiss
Yeah-ayy

Not3s: Can you bring me the switch?
Chace The Rapper: Cause I'm leveling up this bad b****
Sharper: Ihp- I can't join your network, there's a glitch
Chance The Rapper: You see, I'mma dump you down out from that ditch
Not3s: Oh, you're morphine's always making me itch

Why do we have an emergency?
I just thought you were on my side
This c*** isn't right
I might've heard wrong or for an excitement
Can I explain why I'm late?
Please may you hurry up on eating your ice-cream sundé?
I just want to book a table for the buffet
I dunno how it taste but the smell is just great
Yaar, you can mess it up all you like
Cause there's no point in winning
Mmh, I was so f***ed up in life
But I just kept on and on swimming

Not3s: Cause there's no point in winning
Eeh-oh-eeh-oh-eeh-oh-eeh-oh
(Sharper: But I just kept on swimming
Eeh-oh-eeh-oh-eeh-oh-eeh-oh)
Not3s: Cause there's no point in winning
Eeh-oh-eeh-oh-eeh-oh-eeh-oh
(Sharper: But I just kept on swimming
Eeh-oh-eeh-oh-eeh-oh-eeh-oh)

Why do we have an emergency?
You just thought I was on your side
This c*** isn't right
You might've heard wrong or for an excitement
Can you explain why I'm late?
You may hurry me up on eating my ice-cream sundé?
You just want to book a table for the buffet
You dunno how it taste but the smell is just great
Yaar, I can mess it up all I like
Cause there's no point in winning
Ayy, you were so f***ed up in life

Sharper: But you just kept on and on swimming
Not3s: Eeh-oh-eeh-oh-eeh-oh-eeh-oh
Sharper: (Oh), There was no point in winning (in winning)
Not3s: Eeh-oh-eeh-oh-eeh-oh-eeh-oh (no, no ooh)
Sharper: (Swimming) - ooh - you just kept on swim-(hey baby)
(Not3s: eeh-oh-eeh-oh-eeh-oh-eeh-oh)

*HELLO*
*HI, HOW ARE YOU?*
*YES - GOOD, GOOD*
*F--- ME UP, I HAVE BEEN DOING IT! YEAH*
*WELL, I NEED TO GO, NOW CAUSE I GOT TO RECORD A SONG AND IT'S NEARLY FINISHED SO GOODBYE* -----
*Decline*I just wanna make a hundred million
Do y'all know that
I just wanna be the greatest of all
Do y'all know that
Make it a livin' just killin' err one of y'all
Do y'all know that
I just gotta keep it rollin'
Gotta keep it poppin' till the coffin' drops dog
I be doin' this

Pray the lord I'm gonna make it
All I wanna be is famous
I don't care about the haters
All they do is make me greater
The prodigy piling with energy
Aim at my enemies that is the recipe
Do what I gotta do
Nothing is optional
This is the start of a dynasty
Better just get with the program
In love with success what a romance
We be runnin' this shit through the motions
Don't be actin' brand new you're a has been
Seeing right through you, translucent
Always irrelevant, nuisance
Whatchu know about the man now
How 'bout stand down
Or you'll end up a man down

I just wanna make a hundred million
Do y'all know that
I just wanna be the greatest of all
Do y'all know that
Make it a livin' just killin' err one of y'all
Do y'all know that
I just gotta keep it rollin'
Gotta keep it poppin' till the coffin' drops dog
I be doin' this

I am the reason it's hot in the summer
I'm breaking degrees while you sit there and wonder
Nocturnal being while you go recover
Like Khaled with dubs all I want is another
All of my lyrics are bandoliers
I'm aiming at people that never cared
Just know it's my moment be well aware
Like I said I am hot like a solar flare
Oh my god I swear to god comparing to me there is none
You say you put in the work, but I do not see anything done
My dosage like morphine, I am the feeling that everyone wants
Based on the income I really came up
And now I got the cheddar, but it's not enough
Dímelo if you gon' hate now
I am like Mack on the third down
Flex around hate
If that's what it takes
For all of y'all to recognize real now
You're not successful
You are hysterical
Looks like the type that be needin' a miracle
You are irrelevant
Never a variable
You are the one that be doin' your interviews

I just wanna make a hundred million
Do y'all know that
I just wanna be the greatest of all
Do y'all know that
Make it a livin' just killin' err one of y'all
Do y'all know that
I just gotta keep it rollin'
Gotta keep it poppin' till the coffin' drops dog
I be doin' thisYo looking at my check I realized I already spent the bitch. What?
The pay stub didn't even come out yet

Just got my cash and it went real fast (3x)
Looking at the pay stub realizing it didn't last

Yo this is for all of the niggas that didn't have cash
When they were growing up and they had to make it last
And they had to spread it out, beyond a vast
Indifference, We're not different
There's no differentiating when we come into this no one's hating
We're gunna screw a couple girls tonight no one's waiting for us to come at the door
Or come and lick them, We are no puppy, We ain't playing the puppy dog position
No mo, We are top dog, top king, top rank
Yeah a fuckin' German Shepard we're the rank
We're the top king, top pen, top don, top man
But I don't got any of that cause fuck that!


In any weather I'm hotter than global warming
I keep getting these bitches and now they are meta-morphing
Trans-morphing, Morphine will ring into their ears when I make metaphors sing
And pigs fly off, Rear view balcony windows
How come he is so simple how can he rap on this instrumental
He's the man that studied rap then went mental
Then when crazy lost it lunatic he's mad and shit
He's looking at the upper lip of a bitch and he just uppercuts that shit
And I give her a nice lupper
Lunch with supper, mixed into love with my fist
You don't get it, Lust. Shit bitch Super mixed with it neva
Eva eva eva eva eva eva

I have a sandwich when I eat breakfast, Bitch neva had it
Neva had it, neva did it, Heard that bitch
Heard that bitch she mad and shit, I don't even give a shit
Slap them bitch in the tits and it's a stick up bitch get yo lips up
Get yo hands up, Nigga shouts out yungjay
Chicago grease and I'm tellin you I spit ease
On these little simple beats
Pete Darranger influenced me, But I come with my own technique
I'm unique bitch I see those cleavage
I see it's not gon' last I whip out my cash and it's like racks on racks...
My racks on her rackAnd it's been 8 long years since the vast conspiriocracy
Started spitting rhetoric conforming misanthropic properties
Socrates himself started closing his optical
Aristotles blindseye, the black ties with their pockets full
I'm chock full of common sense and contemptment
Contraband and konami codes and chaos theory catalogued and dissected
Festering like the wound hungry, pestering like your love mummy
Who's been locked down in the basement makin fat beats for no money
Strung out with my tongue waggin, i'm pavlov morphine
Crushing blow drums bang like i was terahn gorefiend
More fiendish with lines than leonad roxstien when i drop these
Ill syllabilized diatribes based on billable clock fees
Stop please...i need a sec for compusure
Operation rusty's blanket order bodygard resignation the game's over
You think brock samson panders to the weakest link in the family
(fuck that) standard issue guild ryhmnes calamity verse insanity
And when the sky bleeds red with your crimson deception
I see the heiroglyphics written with the illest reflections
When the walls drip black with your krylon conceptions
I'll pull the drum track back then i'll amp the compression
Don't ever question this, exodus, requiem for a dream type of recklessness
I'm relentless with the methods of emily rose's exorcist
If you don't know by by know i come metal mouth, trapjaw
Slap happy ativan bangzilla crab claw
(if i had to live on this earth without sight...)i'd paint the sickest sonic portraits i could muster off cerebral
(if i had to live on this earth without sight...)i'd hear gaiea crying quietly to silence all the evil
(if i had to live on this earth without sight...)i'd sniff the bullshit from the ballot box and vote from the rooftops
(if i had to live on this earth without sight...)i'd be the illest blind bastard
Anti-optical tank funk, i'm just another tachikoma
Laced with intellectual arsenal, frameskip and calm as coma
Live by the pen, die by the inhaled sprayback
Insane ghettoblaster box cutter tongue kangol layback
B boy stance glancing let the lauging man flicker
His logo on the screen obcscenely hook line and sinker
Your revolutions televised under the guise of cybernetics
Just don't expect me to sugarcoat it like a diabetic
Just a daytripper who came to rip with the manticore mandibles
Avante garde prophet prostheletized, silenced lambs, hannibal
Barberra and barbaric bruce banner and ben richards
Animated running man incredible loose cannon lung ripper
....suppress the ciphur slayers, sabotage sequence
Influential delegations resort to turnin the cheek when
A hamillton j.phantamos scenario weakens
The peak of their existence while they sleep in the deep end
I creep through the disillusioned organ grind frostbox
Output stereo analog chop shop
Clock the fiber optic eye socket and dialate
Norman bates wasted off the acid stockpiled up on his plate
I guess it means now mabe i'll see things clearer
Or at least i won't peep the interceptor when i grin in the mirror
I was a tenage terrordome dropout prodigy
Commodity profit unions authentication started to bother me
I guess a part of me hungered for substance
Something that was tangible, something that made sense
Something that was more than just a fleeting glimpse, a blinking spirit
Spiritbox idol rippin his eyeballs out so he could really hear it...
(if i...)i'd be the the wax murdering blind samurai, master of lotus fist
(if i...)i'd spill picasso's out of aerosol based on basic braile and protocol
(if i...)i'd have to develop my four senses in initiation of uprock
(if i...)i'd be the illest blind bastard
(nemo:who are these people? prof. genius:they are your teachers my boy
Now...let the lesson begin)
Lesson one its time for metaphoric backflips
When jesus crashed the party with a dub sack of some whack shit
Crash this cattleprod and star destroyer for practice
And you'll be fist fucking the amerikan dream's triple x actress
Lesson two grasping percussive patterns
Illustrate uniquely sample and shater atoms
Oracle flash, i'm lashin out with the serpent fork
Pump the drum stutter shred compress the thud and increase the torque
The third lesson from this arkahm escapist
Only settle for the vokal cut weoponry cadence
They some replacement killers, all just complacent filler
Who wouldn't know if shit was ill if viral strains had hit 'em
The fourth and final chapter's infiltration of hive mind
Barrier maze decryption diction, slipped glitch into ghost lines
So when the blackouts are over and the moon turns to liquid
You can break out the matrix and start spitting that sick shit
And when the sky bleeds red with your crimson deception
I see the heiroglyphics written with the illest reflections
When the walls drip black with your krylon conceptions
I'll pull the drum track back then i'll amp the compressionYo
Bugzy Malone
Ya know
Look
Watch this

I've come a long way from hustling
Serving them customers and tussling with niggas on the block acting ridiculous
Sucking my teeth treating bitches like they owe me
I've spent several nights with girls that hardly know me
I don't think theres a new kind of pussy you can show me
I've seen real killer niggas snitching on their own homie
That's pussy
I've come a long way from mummies house
In fact I just moved my mummy down south
Now she's living real kushy
I've come along way from seeing hoes and telling them who knows, leading them on
As if I'm not fussy
And I apologise if I lied saying I could feel the emotion inside
I've never been that touchy
You're looking at that Bugzy Malone and I don't know
But I could be the very best thing to come out of my city
If not, I just wanna know one thing
Why do all these pretty bitches wanna fuck with me

All of a sudden they wanna know my real name
But that's irrelevant I dont tell them nuttin'
I'm a connoisseur of music and a lyrical extraordinaire
Plus I'm a poet but don't call me Charles Baudelaire
So if you see and I'm walking acting normal, no gas just humble
Know that I'm tryna' clear the air
Give me a house on a hill somewhere sunny
Fuck fame fuck money who wants to be a millionaire?

While you're living hear, breathing in this filthy air
Nobodies happy, everybody's disappointed
To make money in the system you've gotta be double-jointed
The system and the devil are definitely acquainted
I regret telling certain fake niggas we're related
Moved in a gang, committed crime on a daily basis
Give me a super bike and 10 minutes, I'll be at the crib
Give me a bally and a semi-automatic and I'll flip
Run in the house, redecorate the place red
Shit, I'll paint the whole living room with your own head
That's hungry
I'll catch niggas while they're in bed
I need paying, same time I despite feds'
See jail wasn't the best, I had to pass time
4 days a week working only top chest
So when I left, I could show niggas im a bad guy
Could walk around the streets wearing my best vest
That's bullshit

I'm just tryna' see a nice change
It's strange how my whole life changed
Now I'm a brand name, and I can spit game
To Kim Kardashian I'm like a Ray Jay
They say I'm insane, sicker than bane
'Cus I'll rip the mask right off of Bruce Wayne
I'll do it bare faced, 'cus I'm a smooth criminal
'Suttin like MJ, without the court case

I'll tell you one thing, I've come a long way, that's a fact
It's been a hard road, a real hard road looking back
Think man like Benjamin Rose try it with a nigga like me
Keep delaying my video if I was 16
I'd have done your face damage in such a bad way
The doctor would have panicked and just switched off the machine
Forget the morphine, does all that free lancing give you sore feet?
I bet you regret taking up graphics design
Turning up to video shoots with no team
And now you're pissed off, I can see it in your eyes
'Cus there's a million of you but there's only one me
Faggot

I'm sorry that you couldn't hold me back
I'm sorry that your head is too big to fit in your cap
I'm sorry that you've never been a hit with the women
Go running back to Kaya see if she will take you back
I doubt it

Hold tight the fans, the witnesses
You're watching rags to riches, you won't believe it when you see it